Capital Innovations Real Asset Funds - 5 Star Rated Solutions  Real Assets - Real Expertise™    HomeAboutApproachDisciplinesContactInsights  Michael Underhill CNBC Closing Bell Trump's impact on the market.  Institutional InvestorsWe are strongly committed to meeting the needs of the institutional community  Contact Us    Nothing on this website should be deemed to be investment advice. The views and forecasts expressed in any materials on this website are as of the date indicated, are subject to change without notice, may not come to pass and do not represent a recommendation or offer of any particular security, strategy, or investment. Capital Innovations, LLC has no obligation to provide revised assessments in the event of changed circumstances. There can be no assurance that the strategies described will achieve their objectives and goals. Capital Innovations® is a registered trademark of Capital Innovations, LLC. All content is subject to our terms and conditions of use policy.    Michael Underhill Bloomberg Sustainable Finance Interview regarding deforestation and sustainable Timber investing.  Individual Investors Information for the Capital Innovations managed solutions can be found on our investment disciplines page.  Global Investment OutlookOur views for the second quarterWith market expectations on the rebound, investors may want to embrace the moment.  Michael Underhill CNBC Closing Bell Saudi Arabia the 100 lb. gorilla in the room on OPEC cuts.  Financial AdvisersWe have built our business partnering with financial professionals.      Investment ConsultantsWe will not lose sight of our fiduciary responsibilities or yours. Our partnerships with consultants are critical to the success of our investment management business.          Follow Us  Copyright© 2007- 2017 | Capital Innovations, LLC All rights reserved.  Address325 Forest Grove Drive Suite 100 Pewaukee WI 53072      View on MobilePeople are the Product - Cultural Fit and Competency  Real Assets - Real Expertise™    HomeAboutApproachDisciplinesContactInsights  Asset Allocation CommitteeBringing together diverse industry knowledge, with an average of 25 years of experience  More    Our Vision  More  More    Welcome   "Capital Innovations is a leading global investment manager with a history of Innovation in Real Asset investing." Michael Underhill & Susan Dambekaln, Co-Founders of Capital Innovations, LLC What's in a Name - Millau Viaduct Bridge LogoIn everything we do, its our belief that being innovative creates a viable solution. We do this by employing precise engineering, superior construction and unique ideas to our investment solutions. Michel Virogeux (french Structural engineer) and Norman Foster (british architect) had this vision as well when they designed the bridge.  Experienced, Stable Portfolio ManagersAverage 24 years of experience      We established Capital Innovations in 2007 so our clients may have access to a nimble boutique asset manager with the benefits of a stable global platform built on our core principles. Susan Dambekaln, Managing Partner- 100% employee owned, 51% female owned- Effective transparent corporate governance- Low ego long term client centric focus- Home grown investment team- Enduring client partnerships- Analytical idea driven culture- Experienced professionals    Investment Leadership        Risk Management​An investment culture built on active, risk-disciplined strategies          Follow Us  Copyright© 2007- 2017 | Capital Innovations, LLC All rights reserved.  Address325 Forest Grove Drive Suite 100 Pewaukee WI 53072    View on MobileSchedule a Meeting or Pursue Career with Us  Real Assets - Real Expertise™    HomeAboutApproachDisciplinesContactInsights  Name: *Email: *Check here to receive email updatesSubject: *Message: * Thank you for contacting us! If needed, you will hear back within 48-72 hours.   Capital Innovations is conveniently located in Pewaukee, Wisconsin, less than one mile from I-94. We are a short drive west of Downtown Milwaukee and Mitchell International Airport, and an hour east of Madison.CareersCapital Innovations is a leader in the asset management business servicing the investment needs of institutional and individual investors. We are an independent, employee owned global asset management firm. If you are looking for a challenging, innovative environment, with a culture of accountability, collaboration and teamwork, please contact us. 325 Forest Grove Drive Suite 100 Pewaukee WI 53072Telephone:      262.746.3100Fax:                 262.746.3101E-mail: info at capinnovations.com    View Larger Map  Corporate Headquarters  Contact Us          Follow Us  Copyright© 2007- 2017 | Capital Innovations, LLC All rights reserved.  Address325 Forest Grove Drive Suite 100 Pewaukee WI 53072    View on MobileTop Performing Dynamic Real Asset Funds  Real Assets - Real Expertise™    HomeAboutApproachDisciplinesContactInsights  Investment Disciplines      Real assets—primarily real estate, infrastructure and commodities—are an increasing focus of the world's institutional investors, according to a global survey of 201 organizations conducted by The Economic Intelligence Unit. (Source: EIU 2014) Against a backdrop of ultra-low interest rates, sluggish growth and ongoing uncertainty, nearly half of these investors have increased their allocations to at least one real asset category in the last three years. More than half expect to increase in one or more categories within the next 18 months. They cite two main drivers for their greater investment: a desire to increase returns and their view of the macroeconomic environment. A need for income is the third major motivation. Other objectives commonly associated with real assets—notably, diversification and protection against possible inflation—are also cited, but rank lower.Investors are using a variety of vehicles and strategies to get exposure to real assets. Nearly all respondents (96%) invest in real estate, which has long played a role in institutional portfolios. Infrastructure, the newest and fastest-growing category, is owned by 66% of the respondents. Just under one-third of the respondents (29%) invest in commodities. The median allocation to real assets was 11% of the total portfolio, a percentage that will rise further if the respondents maintain their current course. Overall, the survey results signal the continued evolution of real assets as building blocks in institutional portfolios, with many organizations adding staff to support such effort. However, there is an important caveat resulting from the same unusual financial conditions that have been a tailwind for this asset class: A majority of respondents say that a significant rise in interest rates would cause them to rethink some of their allocations to real assets.Private Market Real AssetsDiversified across leading General Partners, geography, property type and industry. Dedicated real assets team has significant global direct and fund investing experience. Hands-on involvement in portfolio construction.Oakridge Global Natural Resources and Infrastructure Fund (INNAX & INNNX)Mutual Fund that is subadvised by Capital Innovations. The link above will take you to the Oakridge Mutual Funds website. The Fund is distributed through Oakridge Investments.Capital Innovations Global Agribusiness StrategyThe investment objective seeks capital growth by investing in businesses related to food production that capture value at various points along the food chain. Put simply, agribusiness is the business of feeding the world. It includes the entire spectrum of businesses related to food production – from planting to the distribution and sale of the end product. Not only does this offer promising investment opportunities, our global scope and the wide array of sectors could potentially reduce investors risk from market fluctuations. So, when you invest in our discipline, you may benefit from the growth prospects of the agribusiness.Capital Innovations Global Listed Infrastructure StrategyThe investment objective of the separate account strategy is to achieve total return through investments in U.S. and non-U.S. equity securities issued by infrastructure companies. Infrastructure companies typically provide the physical framework that society requires to function on a daily basis and are defined as utilities, pipelines, toll roads, airports, railroads, marine ports and telecommunications companies. (According to "The Handbook of Infrastructure Investing.”)Capital Innovations Master Limited Partnership (MLP) StrategyThe investment objective of the separate account strategy is to provide attractive total return through investments in energy-related master limited partnerships (MLPs) and securities of companies that derive at least 50% of their revenues or operating income from the exploration, production, gathering, transportation, processing, storage, refining, distribution or marketing of natural gas, crude oil and other energy resources. Nearly all other infrastructure is dependent on pipelines and other energy assets to provide essential services to the economy according to "The Handbook of Infrastructure Investing.”Capital Innovations Global Real Estate Securities StrategyThe investment objective of the strategy is to achieve total return through investment in global real estate equity securities. Global real estate securities are common stocks and other equity securities issued by U.S. and non-U.S. real estate companies, including real estate investment trusts (REITs) and similar REIT- like entities.Capital Innovations Global Listed Timber StrategyThe investment objective seeks capital growth by investing at least two-thirds of its total assets in a diversified portfolio of the shares of companies operating in the financing, plantation and management of forests and wooded regions and/or the processing, production and distribution of timber and other services and products derived from wood. The investment universe is not restricted to a specific geographical zone.Capital Innovations Multi-Asset Real Return StrategyAs an innovator in the Multi-Asset Real Return category, Capital Innovations delivered one of the first strategies designed to protect investor's purchasing power by investing in a variety of global Real Asset classes. We pursue real return opportunistically through a flexible, active approach that allows us to choose what we believe are the most appropriate Real Assets based on the current market environment. Our team utilizes an allocation process that includes a long-term outlook focusing on valuation to identify undervalue asset classes. However, we also consider short-term drivers of return including changing economic conditions and rapid swings in investor behavior. Although it cannot assure profit or loss protection, combining focused multi-sector strategies can help deliver a real return, higher yields and diversification benefits. Our Multi-Asset Real Return Strategy is designed to be a core, "one-stop shop", solution combining both income and growth characteristics. Our team's Real Asset focused process seeks out the liquidity of exchange traded opportunities around the world and across asset classes along with dividend income opportunities.          Follow Us  Copyright© 2007- 2017 | Capital Innovations, LLC All rights reserved.  Address325 Forest Grove Drive Suite 100 Pewaukee WI 53072    View on MobileInnovative Real Asset Portfolio Construction  Real Assets - Real Expertise™    HomeAboutApproachDisciplinesContactInsights    Success Through Differentiation - Investment CultureWe place priority emphasis on allowing our investors the time and space to do their work. The firm is built and managed so that investors are able to invest. What we have in common is a passion for research, a desire to uncover ideas and opportunities and a bias toward engaging in dialogue, debate and discussion about investments for our client portfolios. We engage vigorously with the firms we seek to own. We meet with them. We ask questions and listen carefully. We are a destination for hundreds of publically traded businesses who visit our offices to tell their story. Our research is conducted and disseminated for the exclusive use of our portfolio management teams for the benefits of our clients.    Innovative & Rigorous Investment Approach    Specialized Portfolio Construction and OversightCapital Innovations adds value for clients through active management across all strategies. By adhering to a top down macro view combined with a disciplined bottom-up research driven approach, our team has consistently exceeded clients’ performance objectives regardless of market conditions. Capital Innovations’ fundamentally driven quantitative and qualitative security analysis, coupled with its risk averse approach to portfolio construction provides long-term results. The portfolios are run day-to-day by the Chief Investment Officer, Michael Underhill. As Chief Investment Officer, Michael engineers the investment policy, deciding where to allocate its assets and its level of risk. Michael is supported by the entire team of investment professionals at Capital Innovations. This includes risk analysts and managers both within the company, and outside, but who work on its behalf. The full team works together to look after the investment portfolio, contributing research and investment ideas to make sure that the portfolios are growing your capital and income. Capital Innovations has had only one CIO since our inception. Prior to founding Capital Innovations, Michael worked for AllianceBernstein, INVESCO, Janus, Federated Investors and Lehman Brothers  An Investment Culture Built on Active, Risk-Disciplined StrategiesAt Capital Innovations, our professionals have been actively observing and investing in the global markets for decades. Capital Innovations has an investment “Behavioral Edge” that leads the firm to the “Analytical Edge” and the “Informational Edge”; in other words, it is only possible to exploit the Analytical Edge and the Informational Edge when one has the Behavioral Edge which provides the context of a longer-term perspective for differentiated views and in-depth research. The strength of our investment culture derives in part from our emphasis on original thinking and fundamental research, complemented by our embrace of a diversity of investment strategies to help our clients achieve their unique investment objectives. From complex, multi-asset real return solutions to single real return strategies, our investment approach is anchored by a disciplined, risk-focused process. Risk management is now and has always been central to our investment culture and our commitment to our clients. It helps explain the longevity of relationships.Michael D. Underhill, Founder & Chief Investment Officer                Follow Us  Copyright© 2007- 2017 | Capital Innovations, LLC All rights reserved.  Address325 Forest Grove Drive Suite 100 Pewaukee WI 53072    View on MobilePeople are the Product - Cultural Fit and Competency  Real Assets - Real Expertise™    HomeAboutApproachDisciplinesContactInsights  Asset Allocation CommitteeBringing together diverse industry knowledge, with an average of 25 years of experience  More    Our Vision  More  More    Welcome   "Capital Innovations is a leading global investment manager with a history of Innovation in Real Asset investing." Michael Underhill & Susan Dambekaln, Co-Founders of Capital Innovations, LLC What's in a Name - Millau Viaduct Bridge LogoIn everything we do, its our belief that being innovative creates a viable solution. We do this by employing precise engineering, superior construction and unique ideas to our investment solutions. Michel Virogeux (french Structural engineer) and Norman Foster (british architect) had this vision as well when they designed the bridge.  Experienced, Stable Portfolio ManagersAverage 24 years of experience      We established Capital Innovations in 2007 so our clients may have access to a nimble boutique asset manager with the benefits of a stable global platform built on our core principles. Susan Dambekaln, Managing Partner- 100% employee owned, 51% female owned- Effective transparent corporate governance- Low ego long term client centric focus- Home grown investment team- Enduring client partnerships- Analytical idea driven culture- Experienced professionals    Investment Leadership        Risk Management​An investment culture built on active, risk-disciplined strategies          Follow Us  Copyright© 2007- 2017 | Capital Innovations, LLC All rights reserved.  Address325 Forest Grove Drive Suite 100 Pewaukee WI 53072    View on Mobile

Capital Innovations, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 7:36 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Capital Innovations, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Capital Innovations, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to sovereign wealth funds, corporations and public defined benefit plans, endowments and foundations, insurance companies, financial institutions, investment companies, trusts, estates, family offices, state or municipal government entities, and individuals. It manages separate client focused portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It combines quantitative and fundamental analysis with a top-down approach and bottom-up stock picking approach to create its investment portfolios. The firm typically invests in stocks of companies engaged in infrastructur...
Capital Innovations, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to sovereign wealth funds, corporations and public defined benefit plans, endowments and foundations, insurance companies, financial institutions, investment companies, trusts, estates, family offices, state or municipal government entities, and individuals. It manages separate client focused portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It combines quantitative and fundamental analysis with a top-down approach and bottom-up stock picking approach to create its investment portfolios. The firm typically invests in stocks of companies engaged in infrastructure, timber, and agriculture sectors. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. The firm formerly operated as a private equity firm. Capital Innovations, LLC was founded in 2007 and is based in Pewaukee, Wisconsin with an additional office in New York.
Detailed Description


325 Forest Grove DriveSuite 100Pewaukee, WI 53072United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 262-746-3100

www.capinnovations.com







Key Executives for Capital Innovations, LLC




Mr. Michael D. Underhill


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 48
        







Ms. Susan L. Dambekaln


      	Founder, Chief Operating Officer, Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. William O’Connor CFA


      	Director of Research
      








Mr. Levan Shaorshadze


      	Asian Research Team Member
      








Mr. James Greenwood


      	European Research Team Member
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Capital Innovations, LLC Key Developments

CIO Capital Innovations LLC Presents at Fourth Annual Cayman Alternative Investment Summit, Feb-17-2017 03:00 PM
Feb 12 17
CIO Capital Innovations LLC Presents at Fourth Annual Cayman Alternative Investment Summit, Feb-17-2017 03:00 PM. Venue: Kimpton Seafire Resort + Spa, Cayman Islands. Speakers: Michael Underhill, CIO.


Capital Innovations, LLC Presents at 2nd Annual ESG, SRI, & Impact Investing Summit, Mar-31-2016 10:45 AM
Jan 5 16
Capital Innovations, LLC Presents at 2nd Annual ESG, SRI, & Impact Investing Summit, Mar-31-2016 10:45 AM. Venue: The Princeton Club, 15 West 43rd Street, New York, NY 1003, United States. Speakers: Michael D. Underhill, Founder, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager.


Capital Innovations, LLC Presents at Cayman Alternative Investment Summit 2016, Feb-04-2016
Dec 14 15
Capital Innovations, LLC Presents at Cayman Alternative Investment Summit 2016, Feb-04-2016 . Venue: Cayman Islands. Speakers: Michael D. Underhill, Founder, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Capital Innovations, LLC, please visit www.capinnovations.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Global Partner Acquisition Corp. And Purple Innovation, LLC Announce Letter Of Intent For Business Combination 



































































 




























Global Partner Acquisition Corp. And Purple Innovation, LLC Announce Letter Of Intent For Business Combination

Geeks News Desk



BroadwayWorld.com


Jul. 27, 2017
 
 

Tweet



Share


 




 NEW YORK and ALPINE, Utah, July 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ Global Partner Acquisition Corp. (GPAC; GPACW; GPACU), a special purpose acquisition company ("GPAC"), and Purple Innovation, LLC ("Purple") jointly announced today that on July 24, 2017 they entered into a non-binding letter of intent relating to a business combination (the "LOI"), pursuant to which Purple would become a publicly traded company. 
Summary of Transaction Under the terms of the LOI, GPAC and Purple intend to enter into a definitive agreement, pursuant to which GPAC would acquire Purple based on an enterprise value of $1.1 billion, with GPAC paying a portion of the purchase price in cash to the current equity holders (currently anticipated to be approximately $90 million) and with the remainder being paid in rollover equity interests in the combined public company, subject to customary adjustments. Additional cash will be going to the balance sheet of Purple.
As contemplated by the LOI, Purple founders Terry and Tony Pearce would retain a majority shareholder position in the combined public company with Sam Bernards continuing to lead the combined company as CEO. Founders Terry and Tony Pearce will remain with the combined company.
The net cash proceeds from this transaction that are not distributed to Purple's shareholders are expected to provide Purple with additional growth capital, allowing Purple to continue executing its long-term growth plan while providing Purple with greater access to capital to fund future innovation and acquisitions.
Completion of the business combination is subject to, among other matters, GPAC and Purple entering into a definitive agreement for the business combination and completing their due diligence investigation of the other, approval by GPAC stockholders and other closing conditions to be included in the merger agreement.
Paul Zepf, CEO of GPAC, said, "I believe Purple is a tremendous merger partner for GPAC, given its powerful brand and highly differentiated portfolio of comfort technology solutions. The company's revolutionary products, vertically integrated design and manufacturing expertise, and world-class marketing capabilities ideally position the company to disrupt multiple massive industries that are ripe for innovation. We are also very excited by Purple's financial model that displays a unique combination of growth, scale, and profitability. We are pleased to partner with Terry, Tony and Sam and look forward to their continued leadership of Purple."
Purple is a leading comfort technology company which designs and manufactures products to improve how people sleep, sit, and stand. It designs and manufactures a range of comfort technology products, including mattresses, pillows, and cushions, using its patented Hyper-Elastic Polymer  technology designed to improve comfort. Purple's founders, Terry and Tony Pearce, have a 20-year history developing innovative comfort technology and, prior to and separate from the launch of Purple, have developed and licensed numerous technologies to notable global brands.
Terry Pearce said, "We are excited to become a publicly traded company through our merger with GPAC.The GPAC team is an ideal partner led by experienced public market investors and executives that will add significant value to Purple. We believe Purple is uniquely positioned in the market and this transaction will allow us to better take advantage of our large market opportunity and continue our rapid, profitable growth."
Purple's intellectual property, history of innovation of its founders, and deep vertical integration, including proprietary equipment and design and manufacturing expertise, create a significant competitive moat and differentiate Purple from many competitors that outsource production of their products. Purple's growth is also supported by a top-notch marketing team that has generated strong brand awareness and has driven customer acquisitions. Purple's marketing team has also generated a large social media following that is highly engaged with the Purple brand.
Purple markets and sells its products through direct-to-consumer and traditional retail channels. The legacy mattress industry is inefficient, and is characterized by aggressive mark-ups, dated products, and limited innovation. Purple believes there is significant opportunity for further direct-to-consumer penetration within the overall mattress market and that it is one of the leaders of this trend. Direct-to-consumer companies are benefiting from trends including older demographics experiencing discomfort and increasing spending from health-conscious younger demographics. Consumers across demographics are increasingly shopping online, using mobile devices and social media to inform shopping behavior, all of which benefit Purple's direct-to-consumer and multi-channel distribution strategies. 
Purple is pursuing partnerships and opportunities to support its multi-channel distribution strategy. Purple announced in May 2017 plans for an initial test with Mattress Firm to prominently feature Purple's products in select retail locations. Mattress Firm has approximately 3,500 locations across the US, representing a significant opportunity for Purple. Purple has numerous product, channel, and geographic expansion opportunities that it anticipates will drive significant growth.
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Piper Jaffray Companies, and Raymond James & Associates, Inc. are serving as financial and capital markets advisors to GPAC. Headwaters MB LLC is serving as financial advisor to Purple. Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP is acting as legal advisor to GPAC, and Dorsey & Whitney LLP is acting as legal advisor to Purple.
About PurplePurple is a leading comfort technology company, which designs and manufactures products to improve how people sleep, sit, and stand. It offers cushions, pillows, and other comfort products using its proprietary Hyper-Elastic Polymer  technology. All products are focused on founders Terry and Tony Pearce's vision to improve comfort. Purple continues to be a disruptor to the traditional mattress industry with its innovative products, packaging and shipping, direct-to-consumer sales, and generous trial and return policies.
About Global Partner Acquisition Corp.Global Partner Acquisition Corp. is a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination. GPAC's units began trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market on July 30, 2015 and its securities trade on NASDAQ under the ticker symbols GPAC, GPACW and GPACU. 
Forward Looking Statements Certain statements made in this release are "forward looking statements" within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this press release, the words "estimates," "projected," "expects," "anticipates," "forecasts," "plans," "intends," "believes," "seeks," "may," "will," "should," "future," "propose" and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the negative versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results, and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside GPAC's or Purple's control, that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors, among others, that may affect actual results or outcomes include: the inability to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to the proposed business combination or to complete the transactions contemplated by the LOI; matters discovered by Purple or GPAC as they complete their respective due diligence investigation of the other; the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the proposed business combination, which may be affected by, among other things, the amount of cash available following any redemptions by GPAC stockholders; the ability to meet NASDAQ's listing standards following the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the proposed business combination; costs related to the proposed business combination; Purple's ability to manage growth; Purple's ability to execute its plans to develop and market new products and the timing and costs of these development programs; Purple's estimates of the size of the markets for its products; the rate and degree of market acceptance of Purple's products; the success of other competing cushioning and bedding technologies that exist or may become available; Purple's ability to identify and integrate acquisitions; the performance of Purple's products; rising costs adversely affecting Purple's profitability; potential litigation involving GPAC or Purple or the validity or enforceability of Purple's intellectual property; and general economic and market conditions impacting demand for Purple's products. Other factors include the possibility that the proposed transaction does not close, including due to the failure to receive required security holder approvals, or the failure of other closing conditions. Neither GPAC nor Purple undertakes any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
Page 2 >>

 







More From This Author

VIDEO: Laura Benanti Explains Why 'We Are All Melania Trump' on LATE SHOWVIDEO: Lea Michele & Ashley Tisdale Cover Robyn's 'Dancing On My Own'DVR Alert - Sutton Foster, Michael Moore Stop by LATE SHOW on CBS TonightTheater Stars React to Trump's Ban on Transgender Individuals in the Military; McCain Contradicts President's AnnouncementVIDEO: Olivia Wilde Sends Jennifer Lawrence Matzah Ball Soup Following '1984' IncidentBlake Shelton and The Oak Ridge Boys Get 'Animated' in DOING IT TO COUNTRY SONGSVIDEO: Cyndi Lauper & Brendon Urie Talk Broadway's KINKY BOOTSCharl Brown, Jenna Leigh Green and More to Launch New Musical Mini-Series WISCO QUEENS; New Teaser!








 




Hot Stories




BWW's Guide to 4th of July TV Celebrations - Laura Osnes, Leslie Odom Jr., Heather Headley & More!





Emma Roberts, Hayden Christensen to Star in New Romantic Comedy LITTLE ITALY





PBS Reveals Air Dates for SHE LOVES ME, PRESENT LAUGHTER & More!





GHOST ADVENTURES' Zak Bagans Seeks Fans to Accompany Him on Paranormal Investigaton





Disney Finds Leads for Live-Action ALADDIN





Disney Struggling to Cast Leads in Live-Action ALADDIN





Kevin Durant, Simone Biles Among Winners of The 25th ESPYS; Full List













 








BWW TV



First Look - truTV's Upcoming Comedic Documentary THE PROBLEM WITH APU

First Look - Jane Krakowski Guests on New Series AT HOME WITH AMY SEDARIS

Sneak Peeks - 'Genius Knows No Boundaries' Episode of SUPERHUMAN

Walk Down Memory Lane! SESAME STREET Presents '80's Music Mashup

First Look - Channing Tatum & More Featured in Amazon's COMRADE DETECTIVE

Laura Linney Reveals She Saw Belasco Theater Ghost!

Mandy Patinkin Reveals What Lured Him Back to Broadway

First Look - Olivia Newton-John & More in SHARKNADO 5: GLOBAL SWARMING

First Look - Julianne Moore, Matt Damon Star in SUBURBICON

Jimmy, Rhett & Link Ask 'Will It Hot Dog?' on TONIGHT SHOW















BLOGS



BWW Review: GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY, VOL 2 is a Hilarious, 'Small' Story
I settled into a screening of VOL. 2, it was with a twinge of nervousness that the sequel would not ...



BWW Review: SPEECH & DEBATE Speaks to Drama Kid in All of Us
There is a palpable need for acceptance running through every moment of the charming and irreverent ...



















Subscribe Now


Register for news, specials & more!
Like
Follow




E-mail address

























Hot on Social Media














































Follow Us



Facebook



Twitter




Instagram




Tumblr




Apps






BWW Sister Sites

TV/MOVIES
MUSIC
BOOKS
CLASSICAL MUSIC
DANCE
OPERA





BWW Hub

 

VIDEO: James Corden Opens Show with Musical Number Celebrating Transgender Troops


 

New Opera, Dance & Circus Shows to Be Streamed on Cennarium











Advertising Info
Contact Us
Join the Team
Submit News
Privacy Policy

© 2017 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. 




















































						Capital Innovations Has Lowered Kapstone Paper & Packaging C (KS) Holding; United Bancorp (UBCP)'s Sentiment Is 2 - Bibey Post								







 


















 

























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Capital Innovations Has Lowered Kapstone Paper & Packaging C (KS) Holding; United Bancorp (UBCP)’s Sentiment Is 2


					
						July 27, 2017 - By Clifton Ray

United Bancorp, Inc. is a bank holding company. The company has market cap of $64.32 million. The Firm has one subsidiary bank, The Citizens Savings Bank, Martins Ferry, Ohio . It has a 16.77 P/E ratio. The Bank operates two divisions for marketing purposes, The Community Bank, a division of The Citizens Savings Bank and The Citizens Bank, a division of The Citizens Savings Bank.







Capital Innovations Llc decreased Kapstone Paper & Packaging C (KS) stake by 57.68% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Capital Innovations Llc sold 29,843 shares as Kapstone Paper & Packaging C (KS)’s stock declined 13.33%. The Capital Innovations Llc holds 21,892 shares with $483,000 value, down from 51,735 last quarter. Kapstone Paper & Packaging C now has $2.25 billion valuation. The stock rose 3.09% or $0.69 reaching $23.22. About 2.07M shares traded or 117.96% up from the average. KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (NYSE:KS) has risen 45.78% since July 27, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 29.08% the S&P500.
Since January 1, 0001, it had 9 insider buys, and 0 insider sales for $53,922 activity. 
 It is down 23.68% since July 27, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 6.98% the S&P500.
Commonwealth Financial Services Llc holds 0.69% of its portfolio in United Bancorp, Inc. for 55,427 shares. Wesbanco Bank Inc owns 260,279 shares or 0.2% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Raffles Associates Lp has 0.17% invested in the company for 15,000 shares. The Ohio-based Huntington National Bank has invested 0.01% in the stock. Blackrock Advisors Llc, a Delaware-based fund reported 3,115 shares.
Among 14 analysts covering Kapstone Paper And Packaging Corp. (NYSE:KS), 5 have Buy rating, 2 Sell and 7 Hold. Therefore 36% are positive. Kapstone Paper And Packaging Corp. had 36 analyst reports since August 4, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm has “Buy” rating given on Wednesday, April 19 by RBC Capital Markets. The rating was maintained by Deutsche Bank on Wednesday, August 10 with “Hold”. The rating was maintained by BMO Capital Markets with “Buy” on Monday, July 17. Standpoint Research downgraded the stock to “Hold” rating in Friday, September 16 report. The firm has “Neutral” rating by Dundee Securities given on Monday, September 19. Bank of America upgraded KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (NYSE:KS) on Monday, August 29 to “Neutral” rating. As per Tuesday, November 10, the company rating was initiated by Macquarie Research. The stock of KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (NYSE:KS) earned “Buy” rating by RBC Capital Markets on Wednesday, July 19. On Thursday, January 7 the stock rating was upgraded by Bernstein to “Outperform”. The firm has “Outperform” rating given on Thursday, September 10 by Wells Fargo.








By Clifton Ray
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Tributary Capital Management Upped Forward Air (FWRD) Stake; Bellecapital International LTD Lifted Its Baidu (BIDU) Position


Rtw Investments Raised Its Bristol Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Position; Universal Display Has 1.02 Sentiment


First Light Asset Management Has Raised Oxford Immunotec Global Plc (OXFD) Stake; Algebris Investments Llp Raised Its Ally Finl (ALLY) Position


Chilton Investment Co Has Increased Its Fortune Brands Home & Sec In (FBHS) Stake, Prana Biotechnology Limited Ads (PRAN) SI Decreased By 2.42%


Armistice Capital Raised Whole Foods Mkt (WFM) Holding By $3.36 Million, Shorts at Proassurance (PRA) Lowered By 9.8%


Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Has Cut Southwestern Energy Co (SWN) Position By $528,539; PURA NATURALS (PNAT) Shorts Lowered By 39.8%


D-E Shaw & Company Decreased By $11.39 Million Its Crown Castle Intl New (CCI) Stake, PHARMACYTE BIOTECH (PMCB) Shorts Decreased By 18.81%


Price T Rowe Associates Has Upped By $193.55 Million Its Hess (HES) Position, South Dakota Investment Council Has Increased By $1.67 Million Its Regal Beloit (RBC) Holding


Hbk Investments LP Has Decreased By $1.18 Million Its Mellanox Technologies LTD (MLNX) Stake, Ardevora Asset Management Llp Has Lowered Devon Energy New (DVN) Holding


Adelante Capital Management Has Boosted Equity Residential (EQR) Stake; Motco Trimmed By $7.42 Million Its Cummins (CMI) Position







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact













 





Capital Innovations, LLC | Fairfax, VA 22030 - HomeAdvisor




































        Home
      




        ProFinder
      




        Pro Reviews
      




         True Cost Guide
      
+
-

Project Categories
Find a Pro





        DesignMine
      




       My Account
       


+
-


Projects

Favorite Pros

My Reviews


Rewards

Email Preferences

EasyPay

Settings





                Log In or Sign Up
          




        Are You a Home Pro?
      




































How It Works |
Resource Center |
Write a Review








Search









 









Pro Categories
Refer a Pro
Write a Review






Home
   

   
   
      
      
         
         
            
            
               >
            
         

      

      
      Pro Ratings & Reviews
   
      
      
         
         
            
            
               >
            
         

      

      
      Virginia
   
      
      
         
         
            
            
               >
            
         

      

      
      Fairfax
   
      
      
         
         
            
            
               >
            
         

      

      
      HVAC & Air Conditioning Contractors
   
      
      
         
         
            
               >
            
            
         

      

      
      Capital Innovations, LLC
   

   
   
      
   
      















Capital Innovations, LLC






4.46 |
                                    17 Verified Ratings

Write a Review




View Service Area













Capital Innovations, LLC














4.46 |
                            17 Verified Ratings

Write a Review




View Service Area




703-581-4566


10560 Main Street, Suite 600
Fairfax,
                      VA
22030




Get a Quote





 









Your use of our services is governed by our Terms & Conditions







Profile
Ratings & Reviews
Jump to Top



 


Profile
Capital Innovations, LLC




YOUR FAMILY'S COMFORT IS OUR GOAL
Capitol Innovations, LLC, has successfully been running our established company, for over eleven years now. All projects are completed on time, are detailed oriented, and with pride. If you need a professional please call! We are a very dedicated company that strives to provide the best in customer service. Thank you for your interest.


Achievements




















            Learn how HomeAdvisor screens and approves their pros.
          




Service Area

Springfield
Herndon
Fairfax
McLean
Alexandria
Reston
Vienna
Merrifield
Woodbridge
Falls Church
Centreville
Manassas
Chantilly
Dumfries
Haymarket
Nokesville
Oakton
Burke
Lorton
Gainesville
Clifton
Bristow
Newington
Quantico
Dunn Loring
Triangle
Fort Belvoir
Great Falls
Occoquan
Annandale
Mount Vernon
Fairfax Station
Catharpin
Greenway
See All >



Services Offered

Air Conditioning


Central A/C Install


Central A/C Repair



Heating & Furnace Systems


Thermostat Install


Heat Pump Install


Heat Pump Repair


Ducts & Vents Install


Gas Furnace - Repair


Electric Furnace - Repair


Electric Furnace - Install


Gas Furnace - Install




Related Services Available from Other Pros >

Air Conditioning

Swamp Cooler Install
Swamp Cooler Repair
Window A/C Install
Window A/C Service
Outdoor Mist System Install
Mist System Repair
Central Humidifier Install
Central Humidifier Repair
Central Air Cleaner Install
Central Air Cleaner Repair


Heating & Furnace Systems

Electric Baseboard or Wall Heater Repair
Thermostat Repair
Geothermal Heating or Cooling Install
Geothermal Heating or Cooling Service
Radiant Floor Heat Install
Radiant Floor Heat Repair
Radiant Panel Heat Repair
Electric Baseboard or Wall Heater Install
Furnace - Install or Replace
Boiler or Radiator Heat Repair
Boiler or Radiator Heat Install
Furnace - Repair or Service





Website
capitalinnovationsllc.com


Areas of Expertise

Handyman



Product Brands Used

American Standard
Arcoaire
Bryant
Carrier
Coleman
Frigidaire
Goodman
Honeywell
Honeywell
Lennox International, Inc.
RUUD
Rheem
Rinnai
United Technologies Carrier
York
See All >




Quick Facts
Business Hours
(Please call to confirm)


Warranty Offered
Free Estimates
Credit Cards Accepted
Bilingual


Credentials
In Business Since: 1999
State Licensing

Trade: Master HVAC
License #: 2710054237

                        Expiration: 01-31-2019
                     


Trade: HVAC
License #: 2705135829

                        Expiration: 07-31-2018
                     


Trade: Class C Contractor
License #: 2705135829

                        Expiration: 07-31-2018
                     


Trade: Home Improvement Contracting (HIC)
License #: 2705135829

                        Expiration: 07-31-2018
                     

Screening
HomeAdvisor Screened. View Details


HomeAdvisor allows Service Professionals to post information about themselves and their business on their profile. HomeAdvisor does not review or verify the information or representations set forth in those profiles, as they are self-reported by the Service Professional.



*HomeAdvisor verifies state-level licensing where applicable - note: some states require local or county level licensing and you should verify whether or not your pro is properly licensed.





 












HomeAdvisor  Screened & Approved

         This service provider has passed the HomeAdvisor screening process.
      
Learn More | View Terms












Profile
Ratings & Reviews

Get a Quote









Ratings & Reviews
Capital Innovations, LLC


Real feedback from real homeowners.
Learn more about this pro by reading the ratings and reviews below.

Write a Review






Showing 1-10 of 17


 
Prev 5
Page 1 of 2
 
Next 5





Sort by newest
    
         
Date ▼

    
         
Rating 

    
   
   
         
            
         
   
   
   
   











                           0.5
                        

  |  08-02-2016




Review by:
 Eric H. 
                        
                           
                              
                                 in Woodbridge, VA

Project:
Repair or Service a Central Air Conditioning System



Dependability and timeliness unacceptable.  Initial appointed was missed with no phone call or record of my appointment, although I received confirmation call a day prior.  After work was completed the next day, I was promised invoice that evening. 4 days has passed and still no invoice or report of service has been received.  Called and left messages several times, one call was actually answered and I was promised invoice in next few minutes after the call.  Now hiring another contractor.  The aforementioned has delayed the closing on my house.  



                     1 of 1 users found this review helpful.
               

                     Was this review helpful?  
                     Yes
No













                           5.0
                        

  |  08-01-2016




Review by:
 a homeowner 
                        
                           
                              
                                 in Alexandria, VA

Project:
Install or Replace a Thermostat



would hire again



                     0 of 1 users found this review helpful.
               

                     Was this review helpful?  
                     Yes
No













                           0.5
                        

  |  07-20-2016




Review by:
 a homeowner 
                        
                           
                              
                                 in Dumfries, VA

Project:
Repair or Service a Central Air Conditioning System



I wrote a check for their service and I asked to give me a bill, he said that the company will email me the bill. They did not send me any documentation for my expenses. I will need that for my tax return. 



                     1 of 1 users found this review helpful.
               

                     Was this review helpful?  
                     Yes
No













                           4.5
                        

  |  07-07-2016




Review by:
 Lou ann D. 
                        
                           
                              
                                 in Manassas, VA

Project:
Repair or Service a Central Air Conditioning System



Capital Innovations messed up on the scheduled appointment time.  I had to call to get an update three times.  They ended up coming in the next day.  Other than that, Juan was really nice (very apologetic for missing the appointment), very helpful and reasonable price-wise.  I would use them again.



                     1 of 1 users found this review helpful.
               

                     Was this review helpful?  
                     Yes
No













                           5.0
                        

  |  07-06-2016




Review by:
 Anne B. 
                        
                           
                              
                                 in Woodbridge, VA

Project:
Install a Central Air Conditioning System



Very friendly, accommodating, installed within a few hours



                     0 of 1 users found this review helpful.
               

                     Was this review helpful?  
                     Yes
No













                           4.5
                        

  |  06-16-2016




Review by:
 Gary H. 
                        
                           
                              
                                 in Reston, VA

Project:
Repair or Service a Central Air Conditioning System



We had issues once the Waerheater was re-installed.  Capital Innovations made two additional trips out to at no charge to correct it.



                     1 of 1 users found this review helpful.
               

                     Was this review helpful?  
                     Yes
No













                           5.0
                        

  |  12-04-2015




Review by:
 April M. 
                        
                           
                              
                                 in Vienna, VA

Project:
Install or Replace Ductwork



Juan was great and very experienced and friendly. I will definitely hire him again for other jobs!



                     1 of 1 users found this review helpful.
               

                     Was this review helpful?  
                     Yes
No













                           5.0
                        

  |  06-09-2014




Review by:
 Daniel H. 
                        
                           
                              
                                 in Fairfax, VA

Project:
Install a Central Air Conditioning System



Of the 4 estimates I received Juan provided the only detailed line item estimate (in a PDF), showing not only the hardware to be installed - with complete (not partial) part numbers, but also showing the actual work to be done (install a condensate over-flow shut off switch, re-work the condensate drain, clean the line set, etc-etc. Arrived on time for estimate and then the job. From boot covers to drop clothes, they took great care to protect carpet and hardwood flooring - even swept afterwards. The system appears to be running just fine. The kicker? Lowest cost provider by far. I'm sold.



                     1 of 1 users found this review helpful.
               

                     Was this review helpful?  
                     Yes
No













                           5.0
                        

  |  09-27-2013




Review by:
 Ken P. 
                        
                           
                              
                                 in Reston, VA

Project:
Install or Replace Ductwork



Capital Innovations came over for an estimate on a potential duct repair work.  He crawled in the attic space to investigate and didn't find anything wrong.  He saved me a lot of money for what others wanted to charge hundreds for.  I gave him $50 for his time and peace of mind...would definitely hire again.



                     1 of 1 users found this review helpful.
               

                     Was this review helpful?  
                     Yes
No













                           4.83
                        

  |  06-12-2013




Review by:
 Niels C. 
                        
                           
                              
                                 in Mclean, VA

Project:
Install a Central Air Conditioning System



On time and on budget.  Lowest cost provider but quality was great.  Came promptly, installed efficiently, and cleaned up afterwards.  Too small a shop to provide financing.  



                     2 of 2 users found this review helpful.
               

                     Was this review helpful?  
                     Yes
No







Showing 1-10 of 17


 
Prev 5
Page 1 of 2
 
Next 5











Cabinet Repair Services

Professional Cabinet Repair Contractors in South English, IA
Professional Cabinet Repair Contractors in South Glastonbury, CT
Professional Custom Cabinet Makers & Builders in Gwynedd Valley, PA
Professional Ready-to-Assemble & Pre-made Cabinet Installers in Deerfield Street, NJ
Reviews of Built-In Furniture Makers in Lunenburg, MA
Reviews of Cabinet Installation Companies in Blue Creek, WV
Reviews of Cabinet Installation Companies in Valhermoso Springs, AL
Reviews of Cabinet Refacing Services in Ridgeville, SC
Reviews of Cabinet Refacing Services in West Harwich, MA
Reviews of Cabinet Repair Contractors in Nicholasville, KY
Reviews of Ready-to-Assemble & Pre-made Cabinet Installers in Bergenfield, NJ
Reviews of Ready-to-Assemble & Pre-made Cabinet Installers in Murray, KY

Virginia Contractors

Rating for Distinctive Designs By Janelle, LLC
Rating for Glenway Builders
Rating for M & M Drywall & Painting, Inc.
Rating for Precision Glass & Tile, LLC
Rating for Reverent Home Inspections, LLC
Rating for Rightmyer Construction, LLC
Rating for Secure Home Inspections, LLC
Rating for Stanley Colbert
Rating for The Old Dominion Cabinet Maker, LLC
Rating for Tokki Design & Build, Inc.





Profile
Ratings & Reviews
Top of Page






Find More

Springfield HVAC & Air Conditioning Contractors
Springfield Heating & Furnace Contractors








Capital Innovations, LLC




4.46


17 Verified Ratings
Ratings by Criteria
Quality



Customer Service



Value For Money



Ratings Distribution

5 Stars



15



4 Stars



0



3 Stars



0



2 Stars



0



1 Stars



2



88%
 of reviewers recommend this pro



Ratings You Can Trust















What is the screening process that Service Professionals go through in order to become members of the HomeAdvisor network?





Verify Trade License
            HomeAdvisor checks to see if the business carries the appropriate state-level license. 
Verify Insurance
            As a part of our screening process, we encourage professionals to carry general liability insurance. We require coverage for hundreds of services. 
Verification of State Business Filings
            For business types that require a Secretary of State filing, we confirm that the business is in good standing in the state in which it is located.
Criminal Records Search
            HomeAdvisor uses 3rd party data sources to conduct a criminal search for any relevant criminal activity associated with the owner/principal of the business.
Sex Offender Search
            We confirm that the owner/principal is not listed on the official state Sex Offender web site in the state in which the owner/principal of the company is located. 
Bankruptcy Search
            We use 3rd party data sources to check the history of the principal/owner of the business for bankruptcy filings by or against them.
Legal Search for Civil Judgments
            We use 3rd party data sources to check the principal/owner of the business for state level civil legal judgments entered against them.
Liens Search
            We use 3rd party data sources to check the principal/owner of the business for liens placed against them.
Identity Verification (SSN)
            HomeAdvisor verifies the social security number(s) of the owner/principal for identity check purposes. This check applies primarily to smaller business entities.
Identity Verification (Reverse Phone Lookup)
            We conduct a reverse business phone lookup to identify records matching the phone number information provided by the business.








NOTE: Member service professional information confirmed as described above may change or expire over time; while HomeAdvisor attempts to maintain accurate and up-to-date information, and confirms changes when notified, we cannot guarantee that profile and screening information is accurate. Therefore, we recommend that before working with a service professional you verify that information presented is still current and/or acceptable to you.


Please see
        
        
        
          
          
            
            HomeAdvisor's Terms and Conditions for a full description of how we screen Service Professionals


**Only for U.S. service professionals 
















            HomeAdvisor's Screening Process
         
HomeAdvisor uses the following criteria to screen service professionals at the time they apply for membership in our network:







Licensing
Applicants must carry required state-level licensing to perform work in the trade and service area for which they apply.




Sex Offender Search
We check the official sex offender website in the state in which the owner/principal of the company is located to confirm that there is not a match with the applicant.




Legal Search for Civil Judgments
We use third-party data sources to check the principal/owner of each business for bankruptcy filings and significant state-level civil legal judgments, in the state in which the owner/principal of the company is located, occurring within 12 months prior to application for membership in the HomeAdvisor network.






Criminal Records Search
HomeAdvisor uses third-party sources to conduct a criminal search, in the state in which the owner/principal of the company is located, for relevant criminal activity associated with the business owner/principal within three years prior to application.




State Business Filings
We confirm that service professionals applying as corporations or limited liability companies are in good standing in the state in which they are located.




Identity Verification (Social Security Number)
HomeAdvisor verifies the social security numbers of business owners/principals to confirm their identities. (This applies primarily to small businesses.)







            Notification to residents of AL, CO, DE, GA, ID, KS, KY, LA, ME, MA, MI, MS, MT, NE, NV, NH, NM, SD, UT, VA, VT, WY: HomeAdvisor uses a third party to screen professionals. The comprehensiveness of the records included in the national criminal database which our third party vendor uses varies by state. Please be aware that your state may be limited in its reporting. For more information click on the "Instant Database Searches" tab on the following webpage:
            http://www.backgroundchecks.com/ourdata/coveragemap


Click here to learn more about HomeAdvisor's screening process.
         






Services Offered by Capital Innovations, LLC

Air Conditioning

Central A/C Install
Central A/C Repair



Heating & Furnace Systems

Thermostat Install
Heat Pump Install
Heat Pump Repair
Ducts & Vents Install
Gas Furnace - Repair
Electric Furnace - Repair
Electric Furnace - Install
Gas Furnace - Install





Related Services Available from Other Pros >

Air Conditioning

Swamp Cooler Install
Swamp Cooler Repair
Window A/C Install
Window A/C Service
Outdoor Mist System Install
Mist System Repair
Central Humidifier Install
Central Humidifier Repair
Central Air Cleaner Install
Central Air Cleaner Repair


Heating & Furnace Systems

Electric Baseboard or Wall Heater Repair
Thermostat Repair
Geothermal Heating or Cooling Install
Geothermal Heating or Cooling Service
Radiant Floor Heat Install
Radiant Floor Heat Repair
Radiant Panel Heat Repair
Electric Baseboard or Wall Heater Install
Furnace - Install or Replace
Boiler or Radiator Heat Repair
Boiler or Radiator Heat Install
Furnace - Repair or Service






Ratings You Can Trust

Homeowners connected with the Service Pros through HomeAdvisor can rate their businesses.
All honest feedback is posted - good or bad.
Your rating will help other customers make the smart choice when hiring.






        Final Step
         - Confirm Your Appointment:


        Confirm your appointment with
        
        on
        ,
         -
        
Change









Project Details








Name













 Required
            
 



 Required
            






Address




 Required
            




Zip Code










Phone




 Required
        





          Email
        




 Required
        




           
        


Yes, I would like free project cost information





       
    






Confirm
Confirm Appointment
Appointment Confirmed!


          There was an issue communicating with the server.  Please try again or call Customer Service at
          1-877-800-3177



        By submitting this request, you are agreeing to our
        Terms & Conditions.







Appointment Details















Change




Book with Confidence


    Cancel or change appointment at any time
  























NEED HELP?
Call 1-877-526-0264


HOMEADVISOR PROS |
                MOBILE









TERMS & CONDITIONS |
                PRIVACY POLICY


©  Copyright 1999-2015

HomeAdvisor, Inc. All Rights Reserved



































































 





25 Best Air Conditioning and HVAC Services - Fairfax VA



































        Home
      




        ProFinder
      




        Pro Reviews
      




         True Cost Guide
      
+
-

Project Categories
Find a Pro





        DesignMine
      




       My Account
       


+
-


Projects

Favorite Pros

My Reviews


Rewards

Email Preferences

EasyPay

Settings





                Log In or Sign Up
          




        Are You a Home Pro?
      




































How It Works |
Resource Center |
Write a Review








Search









 









Pro Categories
Refer a Pro
Write a Review





Compare Quotes from up to 3 Pros








Home
   

   
   
      
      
         
         
            
            
               >
            
         

      

      
      Pro Ratings & Reviews
   
      
      
         
         
            
            
               >
            
         

      

      
      Virginia
   
      
      
         
         
            
            
               >
            
         

      

      
      Fairfax
   
      
      
         
         
            
               >
            
            
         

      

      
      HVAC & Air Conditioning Contractors
   

   
   
      
   
      






HVAC & Air Conditioning Contractors in Fairfax, VA

Where do you need HVAC & Air Conditioning Contractors?


















 Verified Reviews
    












View Profile







          Please select the type of service you need and provide your zip code
          
        




Choose a Type of Service
-- MOST POPULAR --
Additions & Remodeling
Air Conditioning
Cabinets
Countertops
Decks
Heating & Furnace Systems
Lawn & Garden Care
Painting
Roofing
Windows
-- ALL SERVICES --
Additions & Remodeling
Air Conditioning
Appliances
Appraiser
Architects & Engineers
Audio/Visual & Computers
Awnings
Brick & Stone
Cabinets
Carpenters
Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning
Ceilings
Central Vacuum
Cleaning & Maid Services
Concrete
Countertops
Decks
Demolition Service
Designers & Decorators
Developer
Disability Services
Disaster Recovery Services
Docks
Doors
Drywall & Plaster
Electrical
Excavation
Fans
Fences
Fireplace & Wood Stoves
Flooring & Carpet
Foundations
Fountains & Ponds
Furniture Repair & Refinish
Garage & Garage Doors
Glass & Mirrors
Gutters
Handyman Services
Heating & Furnace Systems
Home Inspection
Home Maintenance
Home Security Services
Hot Tubs, Spas & Saunas
Insulation
Landscaping
Lawn & Garden Care
Locksmith
Metal Fabrication
Mold & Asbestos Services
Moving
New Home Builders
Organizers
Outdoor Playgrounds
Painting
Paving
Permit Services
Pest Control
Plumbing
Powdercoating
Power Washing
Roofing
Sandblasting Service
Septic Tanks & Wells
Sheds & Enclosures
Siding
Sign Making Service
Skylights
Snow Removal Service
Solar
Stained Glass
Swimming Pools
Tennis or Game Court
Tile
Tree Service
Wall Coverings
Waste Material Removal
Water Treatment System
Waterproofing
Window Coverings
Windows




Search






Sort By: 

Best Match
Ratings:
                  Highest Rated
                
Ratings: Most
                  Reviewed
                
Offering a Deal
Business
                  Name (A-Z)
                
Business
                  Name (Z-A)
                



 = Deals
              





FEATURED




Ambience HVAC, LLC







694
                        Verified Reviews



(202) 715-9131

13763 Laurel Rock Drive
Clifton,
                  VA
20124

Serving Fairfax


                
                  At Ambience Heating and Air Conditioning, we are family owned business where we build our customer ...
See More


Get a Quote
(202) 715-9131
Pricing & Schedule








Integrity HVAC, LLC







37
                        Verified Reviews




                      
                        
                          Save 15%
                        
                        
                        
                      
                    



(443) 200-7204

PO Box 223312
Chantilly,
                  VA
20151

Serving Fairfax


                
                  Welcome to Integrity, HVAC, LLC!  Our services include installations and repairs for central air ...
See More


Get a Quote
(443) 200-7204
Pricing & Schedule








Home Service Doctors, LLC - Comfortologist







24
                        Verified Reviews




                      
                        
                        
                        
                          Special Offer
                        
                      
                    



(202) 729-1587

9821 Godwin Drive, Suite A
Manassas,
                  VA
20110

Serving Fairfax


                
                  Our elite team of professionals takes pride in being the area's best choice for their home service ...
See More


Get a Quote
(202) 729-1587
Pricing & Schedule








Appliances Repair, LLC







2
                        Verified Reviews



(571) 447-2727

3926 Penderview Drive, Unit 231
Fairfax,
                  VA
22033



                
                  Appliances Repair, LLC, is your number one area source for all of your appliance needs. Whether we ...
See More


Get a Quote
(571) 447-2727








Annis HVAC







6
                        Verified Reviews



(703) 473-6001

5123 Winter Willow Crircle
Fairfax,
                  VA
22030



                
                  Annis HVAC is Maryland and Virginia's premier HVAC contracting company.  Call today to set up an ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 473-6001








Help Heating & Air Conditioning, LLC







1
                        Verified Review



(703) 364-5577

4025 Fair Ridge Drive, Suite 200
Fairfax,
                  VA
22033



                
                  Help Heating & Air Conditioning, LLC, is a locally owned and operated company that values honesty ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 364-5577








Clover Contracting, Inc.




                      References Available
                    


(703) 352-2701

11170 Lee Highway, Suite A
Fairfax,
                  VA
22030



                
                  Clover Contracting, Inc., is a growing full service Residential & Commercial Plumbing, Heating & ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 352-2701








AAA Renovation, Inc.







9
                        Verified Reviews




                      
                        
                          Save 10%
                        
                        
                        
                      
                    



(703) 340-2037

12941 Grays Pointe Road, Suite 41-C
Fairfax,
                  VA
22033



                
                  AAA Renovation, Inc., has been in business since 2004. We pride ourselves on quality work and ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 340-2037
Pricing & Schedule








Capital Innovations, LLC







17
                        Verified Reviews



(703) 581-4566

10560 Main Street, Suite 600
Fairfax,
                  VA
22030



                
                  Capitol Innovations, LLC, has successfully been running our established company, for over eleven ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 581-4566








Central Services Heating & Air Conditioning Company, Inc.







13
                        Verified Reviews



(703) 242-1000

13849-B Park Center Road
Herndon,
                  VA
20171

Serving Fairfax


                
                  Whether you need to replace your existing HVAC equipment, or add air conditioning to a home that ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 242-1000








VS Heating and Air Conditioning, LLC







92
                        Verified Reviews



(703) 582-1483

9515 Lincoln Avenue
Manassas,
                  VA
20110

Serving Fairfax


                
                  VS Heating and Air Conditioning, is a new startup HVAC company.  We pride ourselves on our ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 582-1483
Pricing & Schedule








RC Services







41
                        Verified Reviews



(703) 231-7019

3957 Wilcoxon Drive
Fairfax,
                  VA
22031



                
                  We can take on a wide range of electrical, HVAC or plumbing projects and a variety of other ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 231-7019
Pricing & Schedule








F.H. Furr Plumbing Heating & A/C, Inc.







4
                        Verified Reviews



(703) 490-6903

9040 Mike Garcia Drive
Manassas,
                  VA
20109

Serving Fairfax


                
                  Family-owned and operated for over 35 years, F.H. Furr is D.C., Maryland &
Northern Virginias ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 490-6903








Air Quality HVAC, LLC







73
                        Verified Reviews



(410) 878-4397

25723 Lennox Hill Drive
Aldie,
                  VA
20105

Serving Fairfax


                
                  Are you looking for the best hvac installation and repair guys around? Call our team at Air Quality ...
See More


Get a Quote
(410) 878-4397








Hoover Mechanical and Contracting







20
                        Verified Reviews



(703) 307-9410

12340 Meadowland Lane
Nokesville,
                  VA
20181

Serving Fairfax


                
                  Here at Hoover Mechanical and Contracting, we pride ourselves in exceeding customers and client's ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 307-9410








Douglas Mechanical Contractors







3
                        Verified Reviews



(540) 222-2737

10847 Blake Lane
Bealeton,
                  VA
22712

Serving Fairfax


                
                  Douglas Mechanical Contractors(Now Elite Air) has the experience, knowledge, and work ethic to ...
See More


Get a Quote
(540) 222-2737








H and J Heating and Air, LLC







1
                        Verified Review



(240) 925-1259

43193 Riverside Drive
Hollywood,
                  MD
20636

Serving Fairfax


                
                  We are a locally owned and operated company that values honesty, integrity and treats your home as ...
See More


Get a Quote
(240) 925-1259








Nokesville Heating and AC, Inc.







3
                        Verified Reviews



(571) 233-0505

12265 Drogheda Mountain Road
Rixeyville,
                  VA
22737

Serving Fairfax


                
                  Nokesville Heating and AC, Inc., is your local heating and air conditioning specialist.   We are ...
See More


Get a Quote
(571) 233-0505








Air Efficiency Services, LLC







81
                        Verified Reviews



(703) 585-0332

PO Box 40936
Arlington,
                  VA
22204

Serving Fairfax


                
                  Air Efficiency Services, LLC is a licensed and insured contractor in Virginia and Maryland, ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 585-0332








Central Services Heating & Air Conditioning Company, Inc.







4
                        Verified Reviews



(703) 242-1000

13849-B Park Center Road
Herndon,
                  VA
20171

Serving Fairfax


                
                  Whether you need to replace your existing HVAC equipment, or add air conditioning to a home that ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 242-1000








PMC Construction







99
                        Verified Reviews




                      
                        
                          Save 5%
                        
                        
                        
                      
                    



(703) 440-5732

6560 Backlick Suite 206
Springfield,
                  VA
22150

Serving Fairfax


                
                  PMC Construction is a successful construction business with over 20 years of experience. We utilize ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 440-5732








Virginia Air Heating & Cooling, Inc.







2
                        Verified Reviews




                      
                        
                          Save 10%
                        
                        
                        
                      
                    



(703) 591-0000

PO Box 591
Gainsville,
                  VA
20156

Serving Fairfax


                
                  Virginia Air Heating & Cooling Inc offers fast, friendly and courteous service. We use only the ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 591-0000








Air Novations, LLC







179
                        Verified Reviews



(703) 813-8900

14420 Dowden Downs Drive
Haymarket,
                  VA
20169

Serving Fairfax


                
                  Air Novations, LLC, is a licensed and insured family owned and operated professional full service ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 813-8900








MCS Services







145
                        Verified Reviews



(540) 272-3696

P.O. Box 221762
Chantilly,
                  VA
20153

Serving Fairfax


                
                  MCS Services, is here to help with all of your specific needs! We are an owner operated business ...
See More


Get a Quote
(540) 272-3696








After Hours Home Improvement, LLC







193
                        Verified Reviews




                      
                        
                          Save 5%
                        
                        
                        
                      
                    



(703) 405-5090

PO Box 5051
Springfield,
                  VA
22150

Serving Fairfax


                
                  Thank you for choosing After Hours Home Improvement,LLC your one stop contractors for all your HOME ...
See More


Get a Quote
(703) 405-5090






Find the Right Pro. Right Away.
Let our ProFinder technology instantly match you to the
              perfect pros for your project.



Get Matched to Pros





Showing 1-25 of 85

              
                
                
                  
                
              
              
                
                  
                
                
              
                < Prev |
              
                
                  
                    1
                    |
                  
                  
                
              
                
                  
                  
                    2
                    |
                  
                
              
                
                  
                  
                    3
                    |
                  
                
              
                
                  
                  
                    4
                    
                  
                
              
                | Next >






Get leads like these



Recent Job Requests for Air Conditioning
            Contractors in Fairfax, VA





Project: Repair or Service a Central Air Conditioning System

Location:
                    Fairfax,
                    VA


Date: 07/24/2017
What kind of location is this?: Home/Residence
Is this an emergency?: No
Amount of work: A single project
Request Stage: Ready to Hire
Desired Completion Date: Timing is flexible






Project: Repair or Service a Central Air Conditioning System

Location:
                    Fairfax,
                    VA


Date: 07/24/2017
Is this an emergency?: Yes
Problem description: Not enough cooling anywhere
Equipment Age: More than 20 years
Desired Completion Date: Immediately
After Business Hours: No
Covered by Insurance: No
Property Owner: Yes
Comment: It's running but not cooling,think it may need freeon.






Project: Install a Central Air Conditioning System

Location:
                    Fairfax,
                    VA


Date: 07/23/2017
What is the nature of this project?: Install or replace central air conditioning system
Request Stage: Ready to Hire
Desired Completion Date: Within 1 week
Comment: Wish to purchase a Trane, Lennox, or Carrier system.






Project: Repair or Service a Central Air Conditioning System

Location:
                    Fairfax,
                    VA


Date: 07/23/2017
Is this an emergency?: Yes
Request Stage: Ready to Hire
Desired Completion Date: Today
Comment: I need estimate for AC repair  NEED SOMEONE ASAP PLS CONTACT ASAP its not blowing at all  just quit working.






Project: Repair or Service a Central Air Conditioning System

Location:
                    Fairfax,
                    VA


Date: 07/22/2017
Is this an emergency?: No
Problem description: Not enough cooling anywhere
Equipment Age: Less than 5 years
Request Stage: Ready to Hire
Desired Completion Date: Today
After Business Hours: No
Covered by Insurance: No
Property Owner: Yes






Project: Install a Central Air Conditioning System

Location:
                    Fairfax,
                    VA


Date: 07/22/2017
What is the nature of this project?: Install or replace central air conditioning system
Request Stage: Ready to Hire
Desired Completion Date: Timing is flexible
Property Owner: Yes






Project: Install a Central Air Conditioning System

Location:
                    Fairfax,
                    VA


Date: 07/22/2017
What is the nature of this project?: Install or replace central air conditioning system
Request Stage: Ready to Hire
Desired Completion Date: Within 1 week






Project: Install a Central Air Conditioning System

Location:
                    Fairfax,
                    VA


Date: 07/21/2017
What is the nature of this project?: Install or replace central air conditioning system
Select the type of heating system(s) you are currently using. (Check all that apply): Electric fired forced air (central heating)
Request Stage: Ready to Hire
Desired Completion Date: More than 2 weeks
Property Owner: Yes
Comment: It's for a townhouse unit.






Project: Repair or Service a Central Air Conditioning System

Location:
                    Fairfax,
                    VA


Date: 07/21/2017
Is this an emergency?: No
Problem description: Leaking
Equipment Age: Don't Know
Request Stage: Ready to Hire
Desired Completion Date: Today
After Business Hours: No
Covered by Insurance: No
Property Owner: No
Comment: There is standing water under the furnace/blower.






Project: Repair or Service a Central Air Conditioning System

Location:
                    Fairfax,
                    VA


Date: 07/21/2017
Is this an emergency?: No
Request Stage: Ready to Hire
Desired Completion Date: Within 1 week
Comment: Some area not cooling and checking the system .





        Unscreened Air Conditioning Contractors in Fairfax
      

Master HVAC


7327 Lee Highway

Falls Church,
                VA
22046



KPI Services, Inc.


7607 Fordson Rd.

Alexandria,
                VA
22306



AJ Mechanical Services, Inc.


2722 N. Washington Boulevard,unit B

Arlington,
                VA
22201




Comfort Solutions, Inc.


7155 Barry Rd.

Alexandria,
                VA
22315



N S Heating & Cooling, Inc.


14810 Build America Drive

Woodbridge,
                VA
22152



Gunnell & Son, Inc.


P.O. Box 3207.

Oakton,
                VA
22124




Jett Air Systems


6708 Queens Rd.

Alexandria,
                VA
22306



Comfort Professionals


8379 Wellington Rd.

Manassas,
                VA
20109



Find Your Business Profile


            View All Unscreened Pros
          






            Find Air Conditioning Pros in
              Fairfax, VA
          

            Tell us about your project and
            
            we'll match you to the perfect pros.
          

Get Matched to Pros




Related Projects for Air Conditioning
          in Fairfax, VA

Install a Central Air Conditioning System
Repair or Service a Central Air Conditioning System
Install or Replace a Swamp Cooler
Repair or Service a Swamp Cooler
Install a Window Air Conditioning Unit
Relocate or Service a Window Air Conditioning Unit
Install an Outdoor Mist Cooling System
Service an Outdoor Mist Cooling System
Install or Replace a Central Humidifier
Repair or Service a Central Humidifier
Install or Replace a Central Air Cleaner
Repair or Service a Central Air Cleaner



Find Other Service Providers in Fairfax, VA

Garage & Garage Door Services
Residential Architects & Engineers
Cabinet Contractors
Interior Designers & Decorators
Home Theater Services
Paving Contractors
Door Services
Appliance Repair & Installation Services
Pressure Washing Services
Home Security Companies







HomeAdvisor Community Rating
            






Overall Rating:  








Fairfax HVAC & Air Conditioning Contractors
                     are rated
                     4.70 out of 5
                     based on
                     4,013 reviews of 85 pros.







            The HomeAdvisor Community Rating is an overall rating based on verified reviews and feedback from our community of homeowners that have been connected with service professionals. See individual business pages for full, detailed reviews.
         


About Ratings
           |  
         About Our Screening Process


All Air Conditioning Contractors


All Contractors in Virginia


All Fairfax Contractors




          Not Looking for Air Conditioning Contractors in Fairfax, VA?
        

          If you're looking for Air Conditioning Contractors that serve a different city
          in Virginia, here are some popular suggestions:
        

Alexandria
Arlington
Norfolk
Richmond
Roanoke
Virginia Beach


          Find additional Virginia Air Conditioning Contractors
        









AC Repair Services

Best Air Conditioner Installers in Taunton
Best Air Conditioning Repair Services in Abingdon
Best Air Conditioning Repair Services in Absecon
Best Air Conditioning Repair Services in Mechanicsville
Best Air Conditioning Repair Services in Terrell
Find Air Conditioner Installers in Upper Marlboro, Maryland
Find Air Conditioning Repair Services in Maricopa, Arizona
Find Air Conditioning Repair Services in Williamsburg, Virginia
Top Rated Air Conditioner Installers in Blue Springs
Top Rated Air Conditioner Installers in Marco Island

Cost Guides

Artificial Grass Prices
Black Mold Test
Decomposed Granite Cost
Electric Gates for Driveways
House Door Price
How to Clean Grout on Tile Floors
I Beam Cost
Install Stair Railing
Installing Vinyl Siding
Pool Enclosures Prices
Rebar Prices
Window Sash Repair


























References Available






 Verified Ratings





Tell us your zip code to view pricing & schedule
Tell us your location to view pricing & schedule
Choose your project to view pricing & schedule






















View Calendar






Please enter valid zip.


Please choose a location.








We're sorry but the time you have chosen is no longer available.Please select a new time below:








 does not provide service to
                

View pros who serve this zip



              There was an issue connecting to the server.  Please try again or call Customer Service at 1-877-800-3177.
            




We're sorry but the time you have chosen is no longer available.Please select a new time below:








                Select your appointment type and time:
              



                  Provide in-person estimate
                


                  Perform the work
                









The pro will call you before your appointment to discuss your project.







Pricing & Payment Information


      This pro will provide an estimate when you discuss the details of your project in person.
    

      If you choose to hire this pro for your project, you'll agree on final pricing before any work begins - and you'll
      never pay before it's done. You're in control.
    





Pricing & Payment Information


Trip Fee: $ per trip



 Rates



        Read More
      




Average Project Cost


      $ - $*
    

      *This is not an estimate of your project cost.
    




Working Hours




:
                      



















        Final Step
         - Confirm Your Appointment:


        Confirm your appointment with
        
        on
        ,
         -
        
Change









Project Details








Name













 Required
            
 



 Required
            






Address




 Required
            




Zip Code










Phone




 Required
        





          Email
        




 Required
        




           
        


Yes, I would like free project cost information





       
    






Confirm
Confirm Appointment
Appointment Confirmed!


          There was an issue communicating with the server.  Please try again or call Customer Service at
          1-877-800-3177



        By submitting this request, you are agreeing to our
        Terms & Conditions.







Appointment Details















Change




Book with Confidence


    Cancel or change appointment at any time
  



















NEED HELP?
Call 1-877-526-0264


HOMEADVISOR PROS |
                MOBILE









TERMS & CONDITIONS |
                PRIVACY POLICY


©  Copyright 1999-2015

HomeAdvisor, Inc. All Rights Reserved













































































Human Capital Innovations, LLC: Human Capital Innovations, LLC





















Human Capital Innovations, LLC



About
Specialties
Candidates
Clients
Careers
Contact Us



about us
our mission
our human capital
testimonials
contact us




candidate services
resume advice
ace the interview
current job opportunities
submit your resume




client overview
why partner with us?
our proven search process
commitment to diversity
strategic partnerships
fee structure
request information







Finding Talent.Guiding Success.
Human Capital Innovations, LLC is a Women Owned Certified Business, Executive and Professional Search Firm dedicated to recruiting and deploying strategic talent for our clients around the globe ... Learn more »
215-591-9191, Certified WBENC






Kathleen has always provided outstanding service to our organization when we have requested her assistance for difficult to fill roles. The candidates she provides are always well screened and Kathleen consistently goes ...
- K.N., Client


I've retained HCI for three different executive roles, in two different organizations and industries. The results of each search exceeded my expectations in every sense. The quality of candidates, thoroughness of the ass...
- S.G., Client


I  have known and worked with Kathleen Donnalley for several years. During that time, she has very capably coordinated several independent  efforts between our organizations.  She is always readily available, and  h...
- J.M., Client


I have had the good fortune to know and work with Kathleen Donnalley in various capacities for the last 15 years. Kathleen is the consummate professional; she is passionate about the business and really cares about the c...
- M.C., Client


Kathy  provided consulting services to recruit and hire technical resources.  Kathy is very client-focused and detail-oriented to ensure appropriate  candidates are identified that meet specific client identified needs. ...
- B.S., Client



Recent HCI Placements

President - Utility Company
EVP Human Resources-Fortune 500 Firm
Vice President Technical Opera ...
Executive Director Product Man ...



Recent Industry News

Nike confirms it's opening up  ...
Altice USA drops 37K pay TV us ...
Avenues for Employee Complaint ...
What’s Next for the Job Mark ...







©2011 Human Capital Innovations, LLC
call us: (215) 591-9191
Connect with Human Capital Innovations, LLC on LinkedIn!
This site was designed by sticky IT!

 



 

Capital Innovations, LLC - Heating and Cooling | Annandale, VA






























HOME


COOLING


HEATING


DUCT WORK


WATER HEATERS


CONTACT US




703-581-4566




capitalinnovationsllc@gmail.com



















For over 10 years, Capital Innovations, LLC has been family owned and operated, serving the Northern Virginia area and beyond with expert HVAC, water heater and duct work to residential and commercial properties.








Capital Innovations, LLC employs factory trained and certified technicians for your HVAC, duct and water heater repairs, servicing all major brands. You'll get FREE estimates on service and replacements, plus $25 off any service when our team does the repair!




  •  Heating and cooling systems


  •  Duct work


  •  Water heaters


  •  Same day service


  •  24/7 emergency response




Factory trained and affordable for all makes and models




Expert repairs when you need them - anytime






OUR GOAL




IS YOUR COMFORT




HEATING




COOLING




REPAIRS




SERVICES











Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Conditions of Use | Notice and Take Down Policy | Powered by hibu





© 2014. The content on this website is owned by us and our licensors. Do not copy any content (including images) without our consent.












Capital Innovations, LLC                                                                                                 - League City                                       , TX         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



League City



Tax Return Preparation Services



Tax Return Preparation Services



                            Capital Innovations, LLC
                                    



 





















C 


Capital Innovations, LLC                                                                                                
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1857 W MAIN ST LEAGUE CITY, TX 77573
Get Directions



(832) 905-5937
www.capital-innovations.net                                                                             





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $96,342.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Tax Return Preparation Services
 Contacts Lori Toole                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Capital Innovations, Llc                                                                                                 has been providing Tax Return Preparation Services from League City. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.















需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017



需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














capital innovations llc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





LLC vs Corporation



LLC or Corporation?




How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages





Set Up An LLC Online - Explore The Advantages Here



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business





We Found Them - 1) Someone's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More.



Ad
 ·
secure.beenverified.com



1) Someone's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media





Searches related tocapital innovations llc



capital innovations


human capital innovations


michael underhill capital innovations


capital city innovation inc



bhatt innovation capital llc


cap innovations


sticky innovations llc


hci associates




Web Results

Capital Innovations Real Asset Funds - 5 Star Rated Solutions

www.capinnovations.com


The funds are designed for investors with a long-term horizon who want significant exposure to real assets for inflation protection and return enhancement.



About



Contact



Disciplines



Approach



Capital Innovations, LLC - Heating and Cooling | Annandale, VA

capitalinnovationsllc.com


FREE estimates. 24/7 emergency response. Family owned/operated. Factory trained/certified. Heating, cooling, duct work, water heaters. Call 703-581-4566.


Capital Innovations LLC - Our Services

www.capital-innovations.net


Our team consists of professionals who provide clients with the confidence that their accounting and tax preparations are being handled professionally.


Capital Innovations, LLC | Fairfax, VA 22030 - HomeAdvisor

www.homeadvisor.com/rated.CapitalInnovatonsLLC.20546685.html


Capital Innovations, LLC | HomeAdvisor prescreened Air Conditioning Contractors, Heating Contractors in Fairfax, VA.


Capital Innovations, LLC Real Asset Specialists | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/company/capital-innovations-llc


Learn about working at Capital Innovations, LLC Real Asset Specialists. Join LinkedIn today for free. See who you know at Capital Innovations, LLC Real Asset ...


Capital Innovations, LLC: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Capital Innovations, LLC company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Human Capital Innovations, LLC: Human Capital Innovations, LLC

www.hciassociates.com


Human Capital Innovations, LLC is a Women Owned Certified Business, Executive and Professional Search Firm dedicated to recruiting and deploying strategic talent for ...


Bookkeeping Services League City + Capital Innovations LLC

www.capital-innovations.net/bookkeeping-services


Capital Innovations provides affordable and experienced bookkeeping services in League City for small to medium sized businesses.


Capital Innovations, LLC - Home | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/capitalinnovationsllc


Capital Innovations, LLC, League City, Texas. 99 likes · 7 were here. Capital Innovations, LLC is a bookkeeping and tax preparation and planning company...










Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





LLC vs Corporation



LLC or Corporation?




How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages





Set Up An LLC Online - Explore The Advantages Here



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business





We Found Them - 1) Someone's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More.



Ad
 ·
secure.beenverified.com



1) Someone's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media




Searches related tocapital innovations llc



capital innovations


human capital innovations


michael underhill capital innovations


capital city innovation inc



bhatt innovation capital llc


cap innovations


sticky innovations llc


hci associates




12345Next






capital innovations llc News






FierceMarkets, a division of Questex, LLC., Announces Healthcare...



PRWeb - Daily News Feed

 - Jul 25


FierceMarkets, a division of Questex, today announced finalists for the annual Fierce Innovation Awards: Healthcare Edition 2017. Finalists were recognized in 5 distinct categories designed to...

more





MeriCal, LLC Announces The Appointment Of Dr. Shikha Snigda, As The...



PR Newswire: English

 - Jul 24


Dr. Shikha Snigda previously worked as a Project Scientist and Project Coordinator for over 7 years at the University of California, Irvine. She has managed projects involving several product...

more





MeriCal, LLC Announces The Appointment Of Dr. Shikha Snigda, As The...



KAIT - Health & Medical

 - Jul 24


Information contained on this page is provided by an independent third-party content provider. Frankly and this Site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. If you are...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network













capital innovations llc - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





LLC vs Corporation



LLC or Corporation?




How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages





Set Up An LLC Online - Explore The Advantages Here



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business





We Found Them - 1) Someone's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More.



Ad
 ·
secure.beenverified.com



1) Someone's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media




Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

LabStyle Innovations to Participate in the Aegis Capital ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/09/25/labstyle...


LabStyle Innovations to Participate in the Aegis Capital 2013 Healthcare Conference RAMAT GAN, Israel--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- LabStyle Innovations Corp. (OTCQB ...


MGT Capital Investments, Inc. Engages Munich Innovation ...

https://www.aol.com/2013/01/31/mgt-capital-investments-inc-engages...


MGT Capital Investments, Inc. Engages Munich Innovation Group to Sell MGT's Legacy Medical Imaging Patents - Company Intends to Deploy Proceeds into ...


Can Westport Innovations Count on Cummins and Clean Energy ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/10/28/can-westport...


Westport Innovations will release its ... with Clean Energy having worked with GE Capital to finance future ... 2013 The Motley Fool, LLC. All ...


Capital One Earns Spot on the 2013 InformationWeek 500 ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/10/03/capital-one-earns...


"Technology and innovation have always been cornerstones of the Capital One business culture. We are intently focused on the customer experience across all ...


The Impending Opportunity In Real Estate Technology ...

https://techcrunch.com/2015/02/10/the-impending-opportunity-in-real...


Thus far, technology innovation on the commercial side of ... be built and headquartered in the commercial real estate capital of the ... From TechCrunch.


How Do Angels Invest: Five Important Lessons from the ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/david-drake/how-do-angels-invest...the-angel...


Angel investments helped finance 274,800 ... McGovern Capital LLC's CEO and Chairman ... and Managing Principal at Innovation Capital Advisors, LLC ...


Capital One Snags Mobile Savings Startup BankOns, Team ...

https://techcrunch.com/2012/05/07/capital-one-acquires-mobile...


Search TechCrunch Search ... Capital One Snags Mobile Savings Startup BankOns, Team Moving To ... Director of Capital One’s Technology Innovation in San ...


Innovations and Acquisitions in the Natural Gas Business ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2014/06/25/innovations-and...


An innovation for Vanguard's business strategy could precipitate a substantial increase in distributions. Vanguard began actively drilling for natural gas ...


Dan Silverstein | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/author/dan-silverstein


Dan is the Managing Member of Heuristic Management, LLC, a private sector and capital markets strategic advisory firm for agricultural and economic development ...


Westport Innovations's Upcoming Earnings: What You Need To ...

https://www.aol.com/2013/04/29/westport-innovationss-upcoming...


Westport Innovations (NAS: WPRT) is expected to report Q1 earnings on May 2. Here's what Wall Street wants to see: Comparing the upcoming quarter to the prior-year ...










Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





LLC vs Corporation



LLC or Corporation?




How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages





Set Up An LLC Online - Explore The Advantages Here



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business





We Found Them - 1) Someone's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More.



Ad
 ·
secure.beenverified.com



1) Someone's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media




Searches related tocapital innovations llc



capital innovations


human capital innovations


michael underhill capital innovations


capital city innovation inc



bhatt innovation capital llc


cap innovations


sticky innovations llc


human capital associates




12345Next

Related Searches



capital innovations


human capital innovations


michael underhill capital innovations


capital city innovation inc


bhatt innovation capital llc


cap innovations


sticky innovations llc


human capital associates




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








