 





































LANDING:EUROPE:en | Capital Group






















       American Funds 
      ®

 





























































































Welcome to Capital Group
Capital Group is one of the most experienced investment management companies in the world.



















 Select your country 











 
















Austria
Belgium
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany









Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway









Portugal
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom






























































Closex
 



















Capital International Sarl: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























capital international sarl
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Capital International Sarl operates as an investment management firm. The Company provides pension and retirement plans, mutual funds, practice management and investment services to high-net-worth investors, institutions, and consultants. Capital International serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

3 Place des Bergues
Geneva, 1201
Switzerland


Phone:
41-800-421-8511


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.thecapitalgroup.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Capital International Sàrl: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 10:28 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Capital International Sàrl



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Capital International Sàrl is a privately owned investment manager. The firm invests in public equity and fixed income markets. It manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds. The firm was founded on July 5, 1963 and is based in Geneva, Switzerland. Capital International Sàrl operates as a subsidiary of Capital Group International Inc.


3 Place des BerguesGeneva,  CH–1201SwitzerlandFounded in 1963



www.thecapitalgroup.com







Key Executives for Capital International Sàrl




Mr. Seung Kwak


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Takeo Nakamura


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Andrew Johnsen


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Christopher Choe


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Claire Cui


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 “The Lantern” Research Sagl Europe 2thePoint AG Europe A&a Bull And Bear Europe AAA Corporate Finance Advisers AG Europe Abrir Capital Advisors AG Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      October 25, 2016
			    
Prudential plc





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Capital International Sàrl, please visit www.thecapitalgroup.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Capital International Management Company SARL | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Management of Companies & Enterprises Industry Report


Securities Brokerages Industry Report


Investment Firms Industry Report


Lending Industry Report


Banks & Credit Unions Industry Report


















Capital International Management Company SARLCompany Information

A Avenue J.F. Kennedy 37Luxembourg, Luxembourg+352-27176234 †



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Capital International Management Company SARL Company Profile
Security brokers and dealers, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Capital International Management Company SARL Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Luxembourg, Luxembourg
Management of Companies & Enterprises
Securities Brokerages
Investment Firms
Lending
Banks & Credit Unions







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days




































	CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL SARL































Buy commercial addresses adapted to your needs!
Click here








CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL SARL


SWISSFIRMS ID: 01501810
CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL SARLAvenue du Bouchet 21209 GENEVETel: +41 22 807 40 00Fax: +41 22 807 47 89


Web
E-mail: cts@capgroup.comWeb: http://www.capgroup.com
Postal address
Case postale 1801211 GENEVE 28
















Corporate structure
Characteristics
Economic Information








                                Aucun contact défini.
                            








Main activity



Business and other management consultancy activities



Legal form



Public limited company



District



GENEVE



Number of employees in the canton



147



Thereof part time



0



Total in world



7000



Sub-contracting work



NO



ICC Member



YES



Year of entry CR



0



Capital (1000 CHF) 



1200



Turnover



177



Year of turnover



2004



Exporting



NO



Production / Office



Place des Bergues 3 - 1201 GENEVE











Export as% of turnover



0



Head office







Commercial register Nr



CH66001219634



No Crefo



406320695



No D-U-N-S



481068286



IDE number









Economic activities (official classification NOGA)



Business and other management consultancy activities



Manufacturing programme / Services provided







Quality Certification







Know-how / Equipment / Research / Investment







Domain(s) in which products / services are used







Sub-contracting work









Map






Back to list















×
E-Mail











×
CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL SARL































 













 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














capital international sarl - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










International Capital - International Capital | reference.com



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​International Capital



Search Related Articles on International Capital!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Capital International - Venture Capital International.



Ad
 ·
Simpli.com/​Capital International



Venture Capital International. Want Quick Answers? Search Simpli!



Web Results

LANDING:EUROPE:en | Capital Group

https://www.thecapitalgroup.com/europe


Welcome to Capital Group Capital Group is one of the most experienced investment management companies in the world.


Capital International Sàrl: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Capital International Sàrl company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Capital International Sarl Lowered Ypf Sociedad Anonima D ...

https://highpointobserver.com/capital-international-sarl-lowered...


Capital International Sarl decreased Ypf Sociedad Anonima D Adr (YPF) stake by 61.73% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Capital International Sarl sold 510,845 shares as ...


CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL SARL Top Holdings

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/capital-international-s-a


Detailed Profile of CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL SARL portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Capital International Sàrl - Financial Services Firm ...

https://www.brightscope.com/.../firm/950781/Capital-International-Sarl


Contact Capital International Sàrl or view Capital International Sàrl's ratings, investment advice, financial planning and insurance services, and get detailed ...


Capital International Sàrl - Genève 1201, Place Des Bergues 3

https://lb.kompass.com/c/capital-international-sarl/ch045231


Nature of business: Capital International is one of the largest and most experienced investment management companies in the world.


Capital International SÀRL - Investment Advisor - 1201 Geneva

investment-advisors.credio.com/l/46804


Find details on Capital International SÀRL in 1201 Geneva, . View assets, client details, advisory activities, registration status, disclosures and more.


May 15, 2017 - Capital International Sarl Buys Petroleo ...

https://www.gurufocus.com/news/521789


Capital International Sarl Buys Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras, ICICI Bank, Barrick Gold Corp, Sells Vale SA, Cemex SAB de CV, YPF SA, Stocks: PBR,IBN,ABX,ENIA,PBR ...


Capital International Sarl – Octafinance

www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/capital-international-sarl


Capital International Sarl 2015 stock holdings and portfolio. Capital International Sarl performance, aum, news, profile and returns. Tracking and Analysis of Capital ...


CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL SARL Institutional Portfolio ...

www.nasdaq.com/.../capital-international-sarl-63054


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Please ...










International Capital - International Capital | reference.com



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​International Capital



Search Related Articles on International Capital!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Capital International - Venture Capital International.



Ad
 ·
Simpli.com/​Capital International



Venture Capital International. Want Quick Answers? Search Simpli!


12345Next






Answers







Société à responsabilité limitée



complementary forms depending on the activity and associates concerned, which can bring various benefits in terms of taxation (amongst others); a SARL...

more






South African Radio League



to promote international goodwill and understanding. The SARL also promote recognition for amateur radio in all spheres of society in South Africa....

more






Beijing Capital International Airport



Beijing Capital International Airport is the main international airport serving Beijing. It is located northeast of Beijing's city center, in an...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








