


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Product Information Management Software | Plytix


































































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started































Your product content hub








Manage, optimize, and distribute your product content from one cloud platform to get to market faster
 


































X






















Features




Pricing




Testimonials
































Launch products faster
Eliminate the time consuming tasks that holds you back. Launch products 3x faster by enriching, optimizing, and distributing product content from one location.


















Cross-channel coherence
Over half of all shoppers research products on multiple channels before making a purchase. With consistent, quality product information potential customers will become loyal customers.


















Turn spreadsheets into workspace
The Plytix PIM takes all the data you have buried in spreadsheets with smart import mapping. Get a workspace that lets you add text, media, and define custom attributes error-free.






















Digital Asset Management
Make sure all your product and brand assets are organized and easily accessible by your whole team. Link images, videos, PDFs, and other files to products without needing duplicate content. 


















Digital product catalogs
Create interactive download centers for your catalogs. Share them via public link or embed them directly onto your website. Catalogs are enhanced with email notifications so that you know where all your content goes.


















Be the master of your content
Take control of your product content and see the difference in your bottom line. Rich, consistent content plus the efficiency provided by a PIM can boost sales by 35%. 


























Get the full feature & pricing list
































Experience the difference
Other PIM systems are complicated and expensive. Plytix offers affordable, ready-to-use product information management software that is simple enough for entire teams to use and powerful enough to support limitless growth.  
 




































I finally have ONE place for all of my data that's always updated and available to me no matter where I am.
Mai Johansson | Mai Copenhagen



































Growth



Estimate price per month


Number of products


No credit card required


Pay as you grow
All features included

Unlimited users
Unlimited variations
XML Template Builder
Digital asset management
Onboarding assistance available




Type number of products here!







Enterprise



CustomIdeal for +10,000 products

 


Need something different?
Let’s talk

All features included
Fixed price per month
Dedicated account manager
Integration support
Free onboarding






































hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close


























































Carlson Capital Management - Integrated Wealth Management         Carlson Capital ManagementIntegrated Wealth Management   HomeCarlson Capital Management is a comprehensive wealth management firm with Minnesota offices in Northfield, Hastings, Bloomington and Rochester. Managing over $1.5 billion in assets and serving 800 clients throughout the country, CCM brings together in one place the key disciplines of investment, estate, tax, retirement, risk management and philanthropic planning to provide fully integrated wealth management.CCM is a fee-based firm and serves financially established individuals and families, business owners and non-profit organizations. We encourage you to learn how we can help you achieve your financial and life goals. We look forward to meeting you.CNBC Ranks CCM #2 in List of Top 100 Wealth Management FirmsThe CCM Video Library: Quick LinksOur TeamOur Video LibraryOur ServicesOur LocationsContact UsClient LoginCCM In the NewsCCM Named a Financial Times 300 Top RIACCM Principal, Greg Carlson, quoted in InvestmentNewsCCM Advisor, Matt Morehead, quoted in Rochester MagazineCCM Recognized with Small Business Success Story AwardRecent Posts from CCMFive Key Estate Planning Matters to Consider AnnuallyEnd of an EraAn Update from the Tax Team: Minnesota Tax UpdateQuarterly Investment Insight: Beyond the Fiduciary Standard in Portfolio Management   Carlson Capital Management Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Carlson Capital ManagementCCarlson Capital ManagementEDITLocationNorthfield, MNRevenue$9mTotal Funding$–Founded1987Employees40StageprivateCompany Websitecarlsoncap.com/LinkedInlinkedin.com/Carlson Capital ManagementCarlson Capital Management is a comprehensive financial advisory firm with
Minnesota offices in Northfield, Hastings, Rochester and Bloomington.Keywordsinvestment,estate planning,tax planning,financial advisors,retirement planningCarlson Capital Management CompetitorsWarren Averett, LLCDiscover the variety of planning and management services offered to...BBKD CPAs & AdvisorsAre you searching for a CPA, accountant or financial accounting...AAmerican Realty AdvisorsWith over $7.4 billion in assets under management, American Realty...See 2 more with a free trialRecent News from Carlson Capital ManagementNo recent news on Carlson Capital Management could be found.Submit recent news for Carlson Capital ManagementBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceOur Team - Carlson Capital Management      Carlson Capital ManagementIntegrated Wealth ManagementOur TeamTell me your landscape and I’ll tell you who you are. – Jose Ortega y GassetConsistently, the most visited pages of our website are the biographies of our team members. What this seems to confirm for us is that first and foremost, prospective clients are interested in learning about our professional backgrounds in addition to the nature of our life experiences. When combined, these experiences define much of who we are and who we will be as a company.In choosing a partner to help manage your wealth, it is important to understand the “landscape” of the firm and individuals that you select. Parts of our landscape are evolving over time as we grow, both in the size of our team and the clients we serve. But there are parts of our landscape that are unchanging. Our biographical information is designed to help you learn about both of those aspects of our firm.AllAdvisory TeamClient Servicing TeamInvestments and OperationsInsurance AdvisorsTax AdvisorsFirm AdministrationSenior Leadership TeamGregory A. Carlson, CFP®CEO and FounderGregory A. Carlson, CFP®CEO and Founder507.645.8887507.645.6408 (Fax)greg@carlsoncap.com  Clients don't just trust us with their money, they're trusting us with their financial lives, they're trusting us with their future...and they're trusting us with some of their dreams.  Professional Biography Gregory A. Carlson is a founding principal of Carlson Capital Management. As CEO his primary responsibilities include developing and setting the vision for the firm. In addition, Greg is actively involved in managing client relationships. Greg is a 1982 graduate of St. Olaf College, where he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics. Greg went on to earn his designation as a Certified Financial Planner™. He worked for four years with IDS/American Express as a financial planner and manager, then established Carlson Capital Management in 1987. Greg has provided investment counsel and advice to clients for three decades and is a speaker and writer on the topics of financial, estate and philanthropic planning.Greg is an active community member and has served in leadership roles on numerous boards and committees of civic, professional and religious organizations including the Northfield Rotary Club, American Center for Philanthropy, Northfield Area Foundation, Bethel Lutheran Church, Mt. Carmel Ministries, St. Olaf College, and TIAA-CREF Institute. Greg is also the co-founder of 5th Bridge, which is now a part of Northfield Shares, an organization founded to advance philanthropy, inspire volunteerism and promote collective leadership. Greg and his wife, Nancy, live in Northfield, where they have raised their three daughters.Personal Thoughts I have learned that wisdom comes from experience and experience is gathered over time. Over the past 30 years, I have seen and worked with most of the technical issues people face in developing financial plans. But more importantly, I have been a part of our clients’ lives. I have seen the joys and challenges of wealth. I have experienced births and deaths, nursing homes, divorces, retirements and layoffs. I have witnessed the best and worst of families, the ups and downs of the stock markets, the comings and goings of trends and fads. I have seen goals set and achieved and opportunities created that no one thought existed. I have seen good and bad investments (and even invested in a few bad ones myself in the earlier years). Through all of this, I have learned the importance of being technically strong, disciplined and trustworthy and to be of uncompromising integrity. I am proud to have formed, and to be a part of a firm, which has these principles at its core.Much of who we are as adults is steeped in our formative years as children and young people. I grew up on the prairies of western Minnesota where I was exposed to hard work, discipline and honesty. As one of five children of a school teacher and mother who stayed at home during the child-rearing years, my life revolved around family, church and sports. I was expected to do well (which meant only my best) in my education, sports and work, but always with a respect and concern for those around me.When I was 12, and in the sixth grade, one afternoon my teachers gathered the entire class together to review a math test that we had all taken. Before beginning the review, Mrs. Halvorson wanted to draw attention to two students who had done exceptionally well–I was one of them. As she proceeded to go through the correct answer and method to each question, it became clear to me that she had not corrected my paper accurately. As I watched my “A” slip to a “C”, I began erasing the wrong answers for which I had received credit and replaced them with the new correct answers. At the conclusion of the review I stared at my paper now 100% correct. It took me only moments to re-erase the correct answers and replace them with the wrong answers and trudge to the front of the class to inform Mrs. Halvorson that I wasn’t the bright shining student on that exam.Honesty is a value I hold sacred. Honesty means always telling the truth, even when it hurts. Honesty means being transparent in how I conduct business and in all aspects of my life. Most importantly, honesty means being authentic even when it shows my flaws.It is the foundation of the first 22 years of my life, with the experiences of the following 35 years, that have guided me in working with the clients of Carlson Capital Management and developing our firm into a successful wealth management firm. I have a strong desire to excel at both the client and company level, but only by earning it. It is my philosophy that we need to always excel at taking care of our clients first and that in turn will shape who we are as a firm--our success will follow.Jeffrey R. Carlson, CFP®FounderJeffrey R. Carlson, CFP®Founder651.437.2360651.438.9818 (Fax)jeff@carlsoncap.com  "It is the ability to put data and information together into a cohesive plan and structure that requires true expertise, experience and leadership."  Professional Biography Jeffrey R. Carlson is a founding principal of Carlson Capital Management. His primary responsibilities include managing client relationships and helping to lead the firm’s business development initiatives. Jeff also develops and sets the vision for the firm. Jeff is a 1983 graduate of St. Olaf College, where he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics, with specific concentrations in finance and accounting. Jeff began his career with IDS/American Express and shortly there-after earned his Certified Financial Planner™ designation. Jeff has been providing wealth management advice to clients and their families for three decades and has developed specific areas of expertise in retirement and early retirement planning, stock option management, estate planning, insurance services and developing integrated plans that include philanthropic giving.Jeff is an active volunteer with numerous organizations including Hastings Area Rotary Club, St. Philips Lutheran Church, Fellowship of Christian Athletes, the Hastings Area YMCA, Green Lake Lutheran Ministries and the Hastings chapter of Let’s Go Fishing for seniors. Jeff is also an active alumnus of St. Olaf College, and currently serves as the Class of ’83 Correspondent and Class Fund Agent. In maintaining family tradition, Jeff is an avid tennis player and enjoys serving as a volunteer coach with the Hastings High School Tennis Team. Jeff also enjoys golf and spending time with his family. Jeff and his wife, Stacy, live in Hastings, Minnesota, where they raised their three children.Personal Thoughts Sports have and always will play an important part in my life. It is through these activities that I have learned hard work, discipline, and teamwork. Let me provide a few examples.As a sophomore on the St. Olaf Basketball team, I was disenchanted with my playing time and the lack of opportunities to prove myself. With my speech to my coach memorized, I walked into his office to make my case for increased playing time. Before I was even able to say my opening line, I was presented with these words: “You are slow, you make poor decisions, and have an inability to score!”So, I asked myself, “Do I quit or do I try to prove him wrong?”. By the end of the season, I was the first guard off the bench, lettered, and was given the “Mr. Hustle” award by my teammates. I may not have been the most talented, but I understood the value and reward in working hard and doing my best to help the team.Another example recalls how I always wanted to follow in my father’s footsteps as a strategist and coach. I can picture my dad, days before a tennis match, shuffling and re-shuffling line ups to get the best opportunity for success against the opposing team. To a degree, what I really enjoy doing at Carlson Capital Management, I learned from my father. First, I know that to best serve our clients requires expertise and strategy from many different angles, including tax, estate, and investment perspectives. Understanding data and information is important, but it is the ability to put information together into a cohesive plan and structure that requires true expertise, experience and leadership. Second, to meet the needs of our clients, I am able to act as a coach to incorporate the best game strategies to “prevent unsuccessful outcomes” and create the best opportunity to win – that is, how to best accumulate, manage, and distribute their assets in such a manner as to help them accomplish what is most important to them.Justin D. Stets, AIF®PresidentJustin D. Stets, AIF®President507.645.8887507.645.6408 (Fax)justin@carlsoncap.com  Placing the client in the center of all our actions is not just a nice business slogan to have, it is rooted in the fabric of who we are as individuals, and what we believe as a firm.  Professional Biography Justin D. Stets is President of Carlson Capital Management. Justin oversees the day-to-day operations of the firm, providing direction to CCM’s functional areas, as well as leadership on the direction and vision of the firm. In addition, Justin is actively engaged as an Integrated Wealth Advisor. Before joining CCM in 1998, Justin spent eleven years with Wells Fargo Corporation. Principal experiences at Wells included lending to high-net-worth clients and brokering commercial banks. Justin graduated from St. Olaf College cum laude in 1985 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Latin, Greek and Religion. He is a Phi Beta Kappa alumnus. In 1987, he received his Master’s degree in Theological Studies from Harvard University.Justin is also Chief Compliance Officer for the firm and holds an Accredited Investment Fiduciary professional designation, awarded by the Center for Fiduciary Studies. The AIF designation affirms the highest in fiduciary standards of care for CCM clients. Combining expertise with a Zero Alpha Group colleague, Justin is co-author of "Fiduciary Matters, Relationships of Trust,” an informative paper outlining the role of a fiduciary within a wealth advisory relationship.Community involvement and professional leadership engagement is a priority for Justin. He recently completed a two-year term as president of  Zero Alpha Group, and continues to be active on the organization's leadership team. Justin is co-founder of 5th Bridge, which is now a part of Northfield Shares, an organization founded to advance philanthropy, inspire volunteerism, and promote collective leadership, where he participates as a board member. Justin and his wife, Kristin, are also philanthropically committed to the success of projects located in Iringa, Tanzania and El Rosario, Guatemala.Previous roles for Justin include serving as Vice President of the Board of Friends of Africa Education and with the Catholic community of St. Dominic in Northfield where he held various leadership positions. He is former Board President of the Northfield Community Action Center, as well as former President and Board member of the Ronald McDonald House of the Twin Cities. He also recently completed a term on the Schwab Advisor Services Advisory Board. Justin and Kristin live in Northfield, Minnesota, where they raised their four children.Personal Thoughts I strongly believe that knowing someone’s personal history creates a window of insight for a client. Three pieces of information may help describe who I am. First, I am the last child of ten college educated siblings raised in northeast Ohio during the 1960′s-1970′s. Second, our family of twelve lived in a three bedroom, one bathroom apartment above a store which was owned and run by my mother. Third, I was raised and educated until high school as a Catholic, graduated from a Lutheran college, and attended a non-denominational theological graduate school.With these three data points, you and I can have a great deal of conversation. We can discuss the value of money, as represented by a household of twelve that rarely ate meat (because it was so expensive), drank powdered milk, and gave recycled birthday cards out as gifts. We can discuss hard work – a mother who simultaneously raised 10 children and ran a successful business. We can converse about the value of an education and the persistence and sticktuitiveness required to accomplish such goals. We can talk about the political stress of the 1960′s, and the economic hardships of the 1970′s in comparison to today’s environment. Our dialogue could cover sibling relationships, how to pay for college, how to care for elderly parents and issues of ethical and moral responsibility. Because no one is immune, in my opinion, from the wanderings of the human spirit, we could enjoy conversation about the role of religion in one’s life, our community and our global environment.All of these conversations are part of who Carlson Capital Management is, but perhaps not identified in a traditional format. Along with the years of experience and hundreds of stories of my colleagues, all the influences and experiences that we have collectively received dramatically shape our current philosophy and relationship with our clients. Placing the client in the center of all our actions is not just a nice business slogan to have, it is rooted in the fabric of who we are as individuals, and what we believe as a firm. Advocating for a transparent, clear and academically proven investment philosophy is not a marketing gimmick, it is the foundational equivalent of a “Bible” for us as investment advisors. Establishing delivery channels for our trust, tax and philanthropic work so that our clients are truly experiencing an integrative wealth management platform points to our philosophy of broad-based thinking and intelligent, holistic planning and action.I am hopeful that when you come to Carlson Capital Management and meet our team, you experience not only competency, but quality and care. That is why we are here. This is what makes us tick.Adam Hoffmann, CFP®, AIF®Director of Investments & ResearchAdam Hoffmann, CFP®, AIF®Director of Investments & Research507.321.4004507.645.6408 (Fax)adam@carlsoncap.com  Being able to apply my deep-rooted curiosity in a way that allows our clients to focus on what they truly enjoy doing the most, rather than having to worry about their financial well-being, is a wonderful thing.  Professional Biography Adam Hoffmann serves as Director of Investments & Research at Carlson Capital Management. In this role, he leads the firm’s investment team in the areas of trading, investment research, portfolio design and technology support for investment applications. Adam oversees analysis and execution of investment strategies for new and existing client portfolios. He consistently communicates the firm’s investment philosophy and approach by writing for firm publications, presenting to new clients, and by participating in client meetings. Adam chairs the CCM investment committee, represents the firm with strategic partnerships in the investment community, and serves as the firm’s liaison to the Zero Alpha Group investment committee. Adam holds the Certified Financial Planner™ designation granted through the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards and has served as a subject matter expert for the CFP Board, contributing to the development of examination questions for the CFP Certification Examination. He has also served as a presenter at industry events, providing other financial services professionals with continuing education credits in investment topics. In addition, Adam holds the Accredited Investment Fiduciary professional designation, awarded by the Center for Fiduciary Studies. The AIF designation affirms the highest in fiduciary standards of care for CCM clients.Adam graduated cum laude with Honors Program distinction from Augsburg College, where he earned a Bachelors of Arts degree in Finance with a minor in Business Administration. While at Augsburg, Adam participated in four years of varsity football and was honored by his teammates by being elected captain for both his junior and senior seasons. He also earned all-MIAC and pre-season All-American honors. Adam currently serves on the board of directors for the Just Food Community Co-op. Adam and his wife Rachel grew up in Hastings, Minnesota and now live in Northfield with their two young daughters and dog, Lottie.Personal Thoughts A strong sense of curiosity is a cornerstone to who I am and how I live my life. As a kid I used to be fascinated by how things work or why things happen the way they do. I often would take things apart to see what was happening ‘inside,’ frequently with limited success at being able to put them back together. Little has changed since then with regard to my curiosity, but fortunately my success rate of being able to put the pieces back together has greatly improved. I have always been driven by this desire to solve problems and learn more about the world around me.There is a natural connection between this curiosity and managing portfolios. The investment world today is one of relentless change and evolution. With advances in technology, there is an endless stream of news available at our fingertips that constantly impacts asset prices, shapes investor behavior, and provides an unlimited supply of data and information to digest.It is our job at CCM to absorb this information and provide guidance and knowledge back to our clients about what it all means and how it may it impact the world we know. The most important role we play in our clients’ financial lives is not only to understand the big picture – that is the Market and the global economic system – but to be able to translate how events and changes around the globe impact each individual client and their personal financial plan.Being able to apply my deep-rooted curiosity in a way that allows our clients to focus on what they truly enjoy doing the most, rather than having to worry about their financial well-being, is a wonderful thing.Adam and other members of the CCM Investment Team regularly post articles of interest including investment insights, recommended reading on timely topics of interest, and articles on portfolio management which you can find here.Andreas Scott, CFP®Integrated Wealth AdvisorAndreas Scott, CFP®Integrated Wealth Advisor651.319.8071651.438.9818 (Fax)andreas@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Andreas Scott is an Integrated Wealth Advisor at Carlson Capital Management. As part of the advisory team, Andreas is responsible for all aspects of client relationship and portfolio management. He serves clients by implementing and coordinating the integrated wealth management experience including investment management, retirement modeling, insurance analysis, educational planning and other general financial planning.Andreas holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Finance from Bethel University, where he participated on the soccer team for four years. Following graduation, Andreas joined a Twin Cities financial services firm in the role of associate advisor. He went on to also serve in the roles of director of business development and financial advisor before joining the CCM team. Andreas holds the Certified Financial Planner™ designation granted through the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards, which he earned in 2014. He is also an active participant in a number of Twin Cities professional networking organizations.Andreas is actively involved as a volunteer at his church and enjoys playing soccer as part of the Liga Soccer World league. He grew up in the Northern suburbs of Minneapolis, and now he and his wife, Laura, reside in Minneapolis with their son.Personal Thoughts “The master in the art of living makes little distinction between his work and his play, his labor and his leisure, his mind and his body, his education and his recreation, his love and his religion. He hardly knows which is which. He simply pursues his vision of excellence at whatever he does, leaving others to decide whether he is working or playing. To him he is always doing both.”This quote by James A. Michener encapsulates my ‘why’; the aspirational point I’m working towards and the place at which I want to help clients arrive.I’m fixated on creating an environment for myself, my family, and our clients where we are all able to become masters in the art of living. An environment where our decisions, both financial and non-financial, are consistently in harmony with our core values and beliefs.I’ve found that this harmony allows for greater clarity and confidence when making difficult decisions in life and is paramount for a wealth management relationship. Being able to walk alongside clients as they go through this journey is a deeply satisfying experience that fosters profound relationships and is something I look forward to enjoying for many years to come.Andrew Hauskins, CFP®Senior Integrated Wealth AdvisorAndrew Hauskins, CFP®Senior Integrated Wealth Advisor507.321.4024507.645.6408 (Fax)andy@carlsoncap.com  I thoroughly enjoy working with clients – listening to their stories, hearing about their backgrounds, trying to learn what drives them and what is ultimately important to them.  Professional Biography Andrew Hauskins is a Senior Integrated Wealth Advisor for the Carlson Capital Management team. In this role, Andy works with clients on all aspects of planning and portfolio management. In addition, Andy is the lead advisor for the firm’s Carlson Portfolios platform. Andy began his career in financial services at Life Investors Insurance Company of Cedar Rapids, Iowa in 1998. While at Life Investors, Andy worked in the marketing department training new agents on life insurance, annuities, and basic financial planning techniques. Andy’s career then led him to the Director of Field Services position with CA Marketing, a medical insurance marketing firm in the Twin Cities. While there he gained extensive knowledge of individual health plans, small employer group health plans, short-term medical, and Health Savings Accounts. Andy holds the Certified Financial Planner™ designation granted through the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards.Andy graduated from Iowa State University in 1997, with a Bachelor of Science degree. In addition to his studies at Iowa State, Andy was a four-year letter winner in track & field.  He was recognized as an Iowa State Scholar Athlete for excellence in academics. Andy is an active member of Trinity Lutheran Church and volunteers time with both the Northfield Area Family YMCA and St. Dominic School. He also serves on the Board for the Northfield Fastpitch Softball Association. Andy enjoys coaching his children’s sports teams and playing on the Northfield Millers baseball team. Andy, his wife Annie, and their three children live in Northfield, Minnesota.Personal Thoughts “Steel started out as simply a lump of iron,” my father used to say to me, and “only through the relentless work of a blacksmith did it become a critical commodity.” When I was younger, I wasn’t sure why he would share such things with me, though I knew that in this case, he was passing along a quote from his own father. Then, one day during high school track practice, his words became quite valuable for me. I envisioned that the work of a blacksmith was very repetitive, difficult, and required focus in addition to physical discipline. I realized that success might mean continuing to “pound away” at something, as my coach was requiring me to do in sprints. I was ultimately rewarded for my hard work with success on the track, but even more, I was rewarded with discipline as a core value that I continue to carry with me. I certainly don’t claim to practice this perfectly, it is something toward which I strive, and that I try to impart to my own children.The importance of being disciplined can demonstrate itself in multiple aspects of our lives. It is central to what we do at Carlson Capital Management as well. When the financial markets are challenging, it requires us to practice the discipline we speak of in theory when the markets are working in our favor – that is “staying the course.” We also integrate discipline into the educational, retirement and estate plans we work with clients to create. It is a key element in driving these plans to success.I thoroughly enjoy working with clients – listening to their stories, hearing about their backgrounds, trying to learn what drives them and what is ultimately important to them. This greatly motivates me in my work in helping them meet and exceed their goals.Angie OlsonClient Servicing Representative and Marketing/Communications CoordinatorAngie OlsonClient Servicing Representative and Marketing/Communications Coordinator507.321.4014507.645.6408 (Fax)angie@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Angie Olson serves as a Client Servicing Representative as well as the Marketing/Communications Coordinator for Carlson Capital Management. Angie is one of the welcoming colleagues you meet when you visit our Northfield location. She is responsible for working with both new and current clients on account openings, fund transfers and many other key account servicing needs. Angie also provides office management and client hospitality, in addition to working with the firm’s advisors and specialists by handling central administrative functions. In her role as Marketing/Communications Coordinator, Angie provides support in the key functions of client communications, events, marketing activities and materials, and community relations.Angie is a 2010 graduate from the University of Minnesota-Duluth, where she earned her Bachelor of Arts degree. Prior to joining CCM, she worked as a legal assistant with a firm in Northfield, where she supported the team by drafting documents, managing calendars, providing reception duties and supporting the attorneys and office administrator. Angie enjoys volunteering, canoeing and fly fishing. Angie grew up in the Twin Cities and now lives in Northfield, Minnesota with her husband, Adam, and their son.Personal Thoughts When I was younger, my dad bought me a 1952 John Deere Model G tractor for the two of us to restore. I remember watching as the tractor was unloaded onto our back driveway; it was covered in rust, smelled like gas and oil, but was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen.I was tasked with the job of filling a tennis-ball sized dent on the tractor’s hood, then sanding the filler until it was flush with the metal. I sanded for hours, stopping periodically as my father reviewed my progress, and waiting patiently for him to say that my work looked complete. I was eager to get the dent filled so the tractor could be painted, and the sanding process felt like it was taking forever! But my father would consistently find ridges and bumps that I had missed, and I would be back to sanding.It was through the restoration of this tractor that I learned the importance of patience. I learned the importance of putting time and attention into the “little things” as they impact the bigger picture. I keep this lesson close to me as an adult, and find that patience and attention to detail play key roles in my marketing and communications work at CCM. I am constantly seeking to perfect the details in order to enhance our clients’ overall experience.Anjali KellyOperations AnalystAnjali KellyOperations Analyst952.230.6715952.230.6710 (Fax)anjali@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Anjali serves as an Operations Analyst at Carlson Capital Management. As part of the operations team, Anjali is responsible for data analysis, database administration and internal reporting for the firm. She also implements and supports projects that enhance the firm’s operational efficiency, and works behind the scenes to ensure timely and accurate quarterly reporting for clients.Anjali joined CCM with fifteen years of experience in the financial services industry. She has held the positions of Director of Client Services, Wealth Management Assistant, and Client Support Representative within other Twin Cities Financial Services firms.Anjali is a graduate of the University of St. Thomas, where she earned her Bachelor of Business Administration degree. When not at work, Anjali enjoys taking trips to the North Shore, spending time with friends and family, and landscaping. Anjali grew up in Northeast Minneapolis, and now lives in Shakopee, Minnesota, with her husband and daughter.Anthony Bolstorff, CFP®Senior Integrated Wealth AdvisorAnthony Bolstorff, CFP®Senior Integrated Wealth Advisor651.319.8064651.438.9818 (Fax)tony@carlsoncap.com  I am committed to helping provide the clarity clients desire when it comes to comprehending and working through the complexities of their individual financial situation.  Professional Biography Anthony Bolstorff is a Senior Integrated Wealth Advisor for the Carlson Capital Management team. In this role, Tony is responsible for all aspects of client relationship and portfolio management. He serves clients by implementing and coordinating the integrated wealth management experience including investment management, retirement modeling, insurance analysis, educational planning and other general financial planning. Prior to joining CCM, Tony worked with the Scottsdale, Arizona based financial firm, Teacher Retirement Services. Tony served as an Associate Retirement Planner, providing advice and expertise to educators in all areas of retirement planning.Tony graduated from St. Olaf College in 1997 with a Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics. In 2003, he earned his Master’s degree in Higher Education Administration from Arizona State University. As a student-athlete at St. Olaf, Tony was a four-year starter in football garnering all-conference recognition. He began his professional career as a high school mathematics instructor and college football coach before making the transition to financial services. Tony is an active community member, serving on the board of Hastings Family Service and coaching youth sports. Tony, his wife Emily, and their four young children reside in Hastings.Personal Thoughts As you read the personal thoughts of my colleagues at Carlson Capital Management you will see several common themes emerge – one being hard work. My upbringing in a small rural Iowa town as a son of a pastor/coach instilled this same value in my life. When it came to practices, games, or academic tests, I was always expected to be on time and overly prepared. This has served me well as I’ve grown professionally and become a husband and father.Though hard work was always emphasized in my family, so too was the importance of taking the time to stop now and then to appreciate its benefits – such as the satisfaction of standing amidst the beauty of a Northern Minnesota birch wood forest after an arduous hike, crossing the finish line after a sprint triathlon, and taking pride in a job well done.Our clients have worked hard to attain success. As a team member of Carlson Capital Management, I am committed to helping provide the clarity clients desire when it comes to comprehending and working through the complexities of their individual financial situation. It is then that they can step back and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with knowing that all aspects of their financial lives are in order. This is the most rewarding aspect of what we do, and is precisely why we enjoy it so much.Bryan Webster, CFP®, AIF®, CRPS®, MBADirector of Institutional Client ServicesBryan Webster, CFP®, AIF®, CRPS®, MBADirector of Institutional Client Services952.230.6709952.230.6710 (Fax)bryan@carlsoncap.com  The most rewarding part of what I do every day is helping 401(k) plan participants see the tremendous long-term benefit of prioritizing their retirement plan today.  Professional Biography Bryan Webster is the Director of Institutional Client Services at Carlson Capital Management. In this role, he is responsible for overseeing the firm’s retirement plan services in addition to the client experience for associations, endowment funds and foundations. Bryan manages all levels of client interaction from facilitating retirement plan committee meetings to working with plan participants on a one-on-one basis. In addition, he oversees plan components such as comprehensive plan design work, investment policy statement development, as well as implementation, monitoring and the delivery of effective participant education. Bryan is also responsible for strategic planning, new business development and vendor management in the firm’s qualified plan area.Bryan has more than 30 years of experience specific to the 401(k) industry. In addition, Bryan’s experience with business valuation, business succession planning, executive compensation, business risk, and financial and tax planning strategies helps to provide a 360 degree view for the clients he serves. Bryan has written articles, technical briefs and manuals on retirement plan topics ranging from fiduciary governance to successful participant outcomes.Bryan earned an undergraduate degree in business administration from Minnesota State-Mankato, and is a graduate of the University of Minnesota’s Carlson School of Management MBA program. Bryan holds the Certified Financial Planner® and Accredited Investment Fiduciary® designations. In addition, he holds the Chartered Retirement Plans Specialist® credential, and is a member of the Minnesota Financial Planning Association. Bryan lives in Woodbury, Minnesota with his two children and his rescue dog, Stella.Personal Thoughts I am truly blessed. I have two fantastic children and helping them grow up has been one of the greatest joys of my life. I believe that one of the most important life lessons I have attempted to impart upon my kids revolves around the concept of financial wellness. As we have discussed on many occasions, money truly can’t buy you happiness, but the lack of it can make life much more challenging. Being a good steward of your financial resources is a critical part of creating long-term financial well-being.My work with business owners and their employees has allowed me to see firsthand that we are at a critical juncture in society. People are far less likely to be covered by a pension plan at their place of work than they were even just twenty years ago. The responsibility for a secure retirement has fallen squarely on the shoulders of employees who, by and large, count on the resources provided by their employer to educate themselves and plan for a successful retirement.My mission is to play my part in creating the most effective and efficient retirement plans for employers, then tirelessly serve the needs of their plan participants by educating and motivating them to save the right amount, in the right way, in order to be able to retire when they'd like to. Ultimately, for me, it is about helping more people to enjoy a financially successful retirement.Callie Geist, CFP®, J.D., MBAIntegrated Wealth AdvisorCallie Geist, CFP®, J.D., MBAIntegrated Wealth Advisor952.230.6706952.230.6710 (Fax)callie@carlsoncap.com  Working with our clients' finances is very personal, and for them to allow us into that space is a real privilege.  Professional Biography Callie Geist is an Integrated Wealth Advisor at Carlson Capital Management. As part of the advisory team, Callie is responsible for implementing and coordinating all aspects of integrated wealth management for clients including investment management, retirement modeling, risk management analysis, estate and educational planning and other general financial planning according to a client's needs.Callie holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Organizational Communication from Creighton University where she graduated cum laude. She went on to earn a Juris Doctor from the Creighton University School of Law, and is a member of Phi Delta Phi, an international legal fraternity. In addition, Callie holds an MBA from Kaplan University, and the Certified Financial Planner™ designation granted through the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards.Callie joined CCM after serving as a Tax Staff Accountant at a South Dakota company. As a law student and undergraduate, Callie clerked with the Kellogg & Palzer firm in Omaha, Nebraska, and worked with the SilverStone Company as a human capital consultant. Callie grew up in Northwest Iowa, and now telecommutes from Omaha where she resides with her husband, Aaron. She is a fan of Minnesota sports teams, enjoys cooking and spending time with her family, friends and her faithful Labrador, Brin.Christine JohnClient Servicing RepresentativeChristine JohnClient Servicing Representative651.319.8075651.438.9818 (Fax)chrissy@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Chrissy John serves as a Client Servicing Representative for Carlson Capital Management. Chrissy is the welcoming colleague you will see when you visit our Hastings office and one of the voices you may hear when you call into the firm. She is responsible for office management, hospitality, scheduling meetings and preparing materials for client presentations. Chrissy also is a primary contact for account openings, fund transfers and other client account servicing needs. In addition, she works with the Hastings advisory team and specialists by handling key administrative functions.Chrissy is a graduate of Winona State University where she majored in Business Administration with a minor in Marketing. She joined CCM with more than ten years of administrative and office management experience. In her free time, Chrissy enjoys spending time with her family on walks, bike rides, and trips to the local pool. She also always looks forward to the family’s annual trip to the Minnesota State Fair. Chrissy grew up in Cannon Falls and now lives in Cottage Grove, Minnesota, with her husband, Doug, and their three active young children.Personal Thoughts “Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.”This quote by Steve Jobs speaks to my heart and captures the essence of what motivates me to do my best work. Surrounding myself with people who care about what they are doing and the people they are doing it for drives me and inspires me. I love coming to work every single day because I get to be part of something I find rewarding and satisfying. The fact that all of our clients are so friendly and appreciative is just the icing on the cake!Christine KuhnClient Servicing RepresentativeChristine KuhnClient Servicing Representative651.319.8061651.438.9818 (Fax)chris@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Chris Kuhn serves as a Client Servicing Representative for Carlson Capital Management and as the primary Client Servicing Representative for CCM Institutional Client Services. She is a primary contact for account openings, fund transfers and other client account servicing needs. In addition, she works with the Hastings advisory team and specialists by handling key administrative functions. For CCM Institutional Client Services, Chris assists 401k plan sponsors and plan participants with all service-related requests.Chris joined CCM with more than twenty-five years of administrative experience – most recently with the Dakota County Attorney’s office as a Legal Administrative Assistant. Prior to that position, she worked with Minnesota Mutual Life Insurance Company in St. Paul providing support in the office of the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. Outside of work Chris enjoys spending time with family and friends at the lake, enjoying the outdoors during the summer. In the winter months she is an avid hockey fan. Chris grew up in Prescott, Wisconsin and she and her family now reside just over the river in Hastings.Personal Thoughts As we pack up the car and make our way “up north” to visit our family cabins, I find myself filled with a sense of gratitude and peace. Aside from raising three children to be gracious and successful adults, my husband and I have realized that our happiest times are spent making memories with our friends and family in the quiet of the north. These moments are spent together deepening relationships as we share stories and laughter, goals and dreams.I feel fortunate that when I am not at the cabin, I get to spend my days at the office building relationships with people I truly enjoy and who share a common drive to help others achieve their dreams and desires. I also really enjoy meeting clients in person and putting a face to the name. This kind of interaction deepens and strengthens the relationships I have with our clients, and makes my work even more meaningful. I am constantly encouraged and impressed by our firm’s commitment to providing the best service to our clients while making sure that my colleagues and I are where we want to be and doing what we do best. Colin Watkins, CFP®Associate Integrated Wealth AdvisorColin Watkins, CFP®Associate Integrated Wealth Advisor952.230.6702952.230.6710 (Fax)colin@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Colin Watkins serves as an Associate Advisor at Carlson Capital Management. In this role, Colin works with clients on all aspects of planning and portfolio management within the firm’s Carlson Portfolios platform. Of his many responsibilities, he places particular emphasis on maintaining on-going communication with clients to ensure an exceptional experience.Prior to joining the CCM team, Colin worked for Sentry Insurance in Stevens Point, Wisconsin where he worked as a Business Specialist, and had experience working in claims and as a modeling analyst.  Colin holds the Certified Financial Planner™ designation granted through the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards.Colin graduated cum laude from Lawrence University in Appleton, Wisconsin in 2011, where he earned a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics. During his time at Lawrence, Colin was closely involved in residence life on campus, serving as a resident advisor for three years. He also spent a semester based in Budapest, Hungary studying mathematics and traveling around Europe.Colin is originally from Northfield, Minnesota, and now resides in south Minneapolis with his wife, Hillary and dog, Lucy.Colton HigginsParaplannerColton HigginsParaplanner651.319.8072651.438.9818 (Fax)colton@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Colton Higgins is a Paraplanner at Carlson Capital Management. In this role, Colton works closely with the firm’s wealth advisors, collaborating throughout the planning process to deliver comprehensive financial plans to clients. He is responsible for collecting, tracking and monitoring related data, preparing presentation materials and assisting with portfolio management. Colton also facilitates client-advisor communications and works proactively to monitor and complete client-related servicing activities. In addition he is responsible for a strong working knowledge of and leveraging of firm technology to best serve clients.Colton graduated from Winona State University where he earned Bachelor of Science degrees in Finance and Marketing. During college, Colton served as Chairman of the Dean’s Advisory Board for the College of Business. He was also a member of Delta Sigma Pi, a professional business fraternity, where he was the president. Prior to joining the CCM Team, Colton worked with a large cloud-based software provider in the Twin Cities. Hockey has been part of Colton’s life since he was a kid, and he now enjoys refereeing at all levels from youth to college. In the summer months, he enjoys being with family and friends, playing softball and spending time outdoors at the lake. Colton grew up in Fairmont, Minnesota and now resides in St. Paul.D. Charles Lawson, Jr., CPATax ManagerD. Charles Lawson, Jr., CPATax Manager651.319.8063651.438.9818 (Fax)charlie@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography D. Charles (Charlie) Lawson, serves as a Tax Manager as part of the Carlson Capital Management team as well as with CCM Tax & Trust Administration. As part of the tax planning and compliance team, Charlie provides tax expertise and prepares client returns. In addition, Charlie works closely with the advisory team to deliver clients fully integrated wealth management services that include his expert tax counsel.Just prior to joining CCM, Charlie served for five years as accounting manager for a St. Paul CPA firm. In this role, he advised affluent clients in general financial and tax planning in addition to providing tax compliance services –preparing and reviewing individual, gift and fiduciary returns. Prior to that position, Charlie worked as an audit/accounting supervisor for another Twin Cities firm, where he was responsible for the overall servicing of business clients in one of the firm’s key niche sectors. In this role he worked closely with business owners consulting on activities including budgeting, forecasting and cash flow analysis. He began his career in the banking industry where he prepared financial reports for trust accounts in the retirement services area. Charlie is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Minnesota Society of CPAs.Charlie is a graduate of the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where he earned his bachelor’s degree in business administration with an emphasis on finance, investments and banking. Outside of work, Charlie enjoys spending time in the outdoors, particularly hunting and fishing. He is also active in the community as a board member of the United Way of Hastings. Charlie and his wife, Jennifer, reside in Hastings with their three children.Dorene KellyClient Servicing RepresentativeDorene KellyClient Servicing Representative651.319.8062651.438.9818 (Fax)dorene@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Dorene Kelly serves as a Client Servicing Representative for Carlson Capital Management and also works with CCM Tax & Trust Administration to support all client servicing related to the tax compliance season. Dorene is one of the welcoming colleagues you will see when you visit our Hastings office and one of the voices you may hear when you call into the firm. She is responsible for hospitality, scheduling meetings and preparing materials for client meetings. Dorene also works with clients to assist with account openings, fund transfers and other account servicing needs.Dorene joined CCM having more than thirty years of administrative experience--the majority of which was has been in the legal profession--primarily as a senior litigation legal assistant for large law firms in Kansas City, MO., and in Southern California. She relocated from Southern California to Minnesota in 2000. Upon moving to Minnesota and prior to joining CCM, Dorene was employed as a courtroom clerk for the 1st Judicial District, as well as a legal secretary for a law firm in Bloomington. Outside of work Dorene enjoys traveling and camping as well as helping her teenage son organize gigs for his classic rock band. Dorene is an Iowa native and now resides in Hastings with her husband, son, and two very furry dogs.Ginger ChurchExecutive AssistantGinger ChurchExecutive Assistant507.321.4020507.645.6408 (Fax)ginger@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Ginger Church serves as Executive Assistant to the Principals at Carlson Capital Management. In this role, she supports the development and management of the firm. Ever focused on the team approach, Ginger continually looks for ways to align details with people for a positive client experience. She is your connection in the Northfield office if you are not able to reach Greg or Justin.Ginger grew up on a family farm in Kasson, Minnesota and graduated from Winona State University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Paralegal Studies. For 30 years she supported litigation attorneys as a legal assistant/paralegal, focusing on client contact, jury studies, investigations, and document analysis. Her roles grew to include management of litigation department paralegals and teams of case assistants/paralegals for national, multi-party litigation, as well as Office Manager for a Minneapolis presence of two Chicago law firms. Her keen eye for detail and project management was put to further use in 1992 when she assumed an Administrative Assistant role for the Litigation Section of the American Bar Association’s Symposium on the Future of the Civil Jury System with the Brookings Institution. Most recently, she was a Litigation Paralegal for Greene Espel, P.L.L.P. in Minneapolis.Apart from her professional life, Ginger and her husband Steve are co-owners of Church Landscape in Kenyon, Minnesota, where she focuses her involvement on landscape design and sales. Ginger and Steve also raise registered Columbia and Suffolk sheep at Morning Meadows Farm in Kenyon. During the winter lambing season you will find her in the barn helping Steve and their dog, Josie, with the newborn lambs, and on occasion, mothering an orphan lamb in the warmer comfort of their basement.Volunteerism is an important part of Ginger’s community involvement. She is a Past President of the Minnesota Paralegal Association, and former board member of the Kenyon Arts Council and Paradise Center for the Arts in Faribault. Ginger also served for two years as a co-chair for the 5th Bridge Feed My Starving Children meal packing event. Ginger is current President of The Merlin Players  and co-pianist for Prairieville United Methodist Church. Her passions include theater, music, literature, letter writing, animal care, needlework, design and architecture, and the quiet of an early Sunday morning in the country.Personal Thoughts Stories of a life: a tale of the windings through various landscapes that have made us who we are. No one sits and becomes. Rather, we seek, stretch, and stumble to our current plain, only to experience sunrises and sunsets that continually change us. I have had a walking journey, traveling from a farm girl childhood through big city law firms and into Carlson Capital Management. Against the prevailing current, my stories are no longer in line with the expected. Rather, as the Persian mystic and poet Rumi said, “Start walking … then comes the moment of feeling the wings you’ve grown lifting,” and the landscape changes. The constant, however, is the deep and lasting relationships that create the authenticity of my life. As a child, my mother and father encouraged me to complement my daily chicken chores with music, literature and art; in the process they taught me humility and gratitude. My siblings, even today, broaden my understanding of compromise and companionship. Friends, some forever and others new, stretch me to find their passions and meld them with mine. Workmates energize my dedication to purpose and a job well done. My husband, as partner in life and enterprise, demonstrates by example the significance of integrity and excellence. Experiences have become stories: the fundamental values enriched by my journey have strengthened and simplified. My wings now open to a new prevailing wind like the sail catching the late morning gust of mist and sun.As I serve Carlson Capital Management, working closely with Greg, Jeff and Justin, I offer my authentic voice in service to you. What is important to you is important to me. I handle your stories, those past and those yet to be told, with personal dedication, focus, and respect. Our landscapes will change as our stories unfold, but the authentic care you experience at Carlson Capital Management will remain consistent and genuine.James Michael Yaworski, CFAInvestment Research & Trading SpecialistJames Michael Yaworski, CFAInvestment Research & Trading Specialist507.206.2804507.206.2811 (Fax)james@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography James Michael Yaworski is an Investment Research & Trading Specialist at Carlson Capital Management. James works closely with CCM's Director of Investments & Research, and is responsible for monitoring and reviewing client portfolios to maintain balance across asset classes, making recommendations for portfolios when out of alignment with models, reviewing daily cash positions, and placing trades through the custodial trading platform. James also assists with new client portfolio analysis, asset class/portfolio research and analysis, preparing client presentation materials, and other activities that support overall client portfolio management.James is a graduate of Northern Illinois University where he earned his degree in Finance. While studying at NIU, James gained insights into his future career as part of a student-managed portfolio team. Prior to joining CCM, James’ experience included working in the roles of investment manager, project manager in investment research, and financial analyst in both large and small financial organizations. James holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA Charter) designation, granted by the CFA Institute, which entails a rigorous exam requirement. He enjoys being engaged in the community with Habitat for Humanity and Paws & Claws. In his free time, James also enjoys golfing and playing softball. James grew up in Crystal Lake, Illinois and now resides in Rochester, Minnesota with his wife, Brittany and their two dogs, Frankie and Jordy.James and other members of the CCM Investment Team regularly post articles of interest including investment insights, recommended reading on timely topics of interest, and articles on portfolio management which you can find here.Jason Kley, CFP®, AIF®, MBASenior Integrated Wealth AdvisorJason Kley, CFP®, AIF®, MBASenior Integrated Wealth Advisor952.230.6705952.230.6710 (Fax)jason@carlsoncap.com  I enjoy working with our clients at CCM and I appreciate the opportunity to focus on what I can do to help them meet their goals, and allow them to focus on what matters most to them.  Professional Biography Jason Kley is a Senior Integrated Wealth Advisor at Carlson Capital Management. In this role, Jason is responsible for all aspects of client relationship and portfolio management. He serves clients by implementing and coordinating the integrated wealth management experience including investment management, retirement modeling, insurance analysis, educational planning and other general financial planning. In addition, Jason is a member of the firm's investment committee, helping to advise on investment practices and strategies.Jason holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Math and Computer Science from the University of St. Thomas where he graduated magna cum laude in 1998. He went on to earn an MBA with an emphasis in Finance and Strategy from Washington University in St. Louis. As a graduate student Jason was recognized for his strong leadership in being named a Leadership Fellow and Dean’s Special Service award recipient. Jason holds the Certified Financial Planner™ designation granted through the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards, as well as an Accredited Investment Fiduciary professional designation, awarded by the Center for Fiduciary Studies.  The AIF designation affirms the highest in fiduciary standards of care for CCM clients.Before joining the CCM team, Jason worked for a Minneapolis wealth management firm where he served as a financial advisor, investment committee member, and 401k plan specialist. Prior to that, Jason worked for Thrivent Financial and Union Pacific, serving in business analyst and strategic operational roles.In 2015, Jason joined the Financial Planning Association of Minnesota Board and was named the President-elect of the organization for 2017. He has also served on the Minneapolis Regional Chamber of Commerce DRIVE Emerging Leaders Board, BestPrep’s Minnesota Business Venture Advisory Committee, and the City of St. Louis Park Police Advisory Commission. In addition, Jason volunteers his time through the University of St. Thomas and the Financial Matters program of BestPrep, speaking to high school and college students about financial principles. Jason was awarded the BestPrep Volunteer of the Year in 2016 and named the Minneapolis Chamber of Commerce Emerging Leader of the Year in 2009. He has been featured in various publications including Minnesota Business, the Minneapolis-St. Paul Business Journal and the Minneapolis Star Tribune.Outside of work, Jason enjoys spending time with family, playing softball and golf, and traveling. Jason, his wife Sheila, and their two young sons reside in Eden Prairie, Minnesota.Personal Thoughts With each passing year, I find that I am placing an increased emphasis on being focused. On the surface, having focus seems to run counter to the priority our society places on multi-tasking. In reality, the more focus one has—the more efficient they really are. When I’m able to focus on a conversation, I can understand more clearly and develop relationships through more attentive listening. When I am truly engaged with someone, it means putting down my mobile device, listening, and asking questions. If I’m focused on a project, I’m more effective, I’m learning more and am producing better outcomes. As I am playing with my children, I’m focused on inspiring their creativity and teaching them life lessons. Nothing else matters at that moment in time. Focus allows me to prioritize the things that are important in life, and allows me to drown out the noise that I cannot control. Focusing on things that are important forces me to move beyond the things that are not.I enjoy working with our clients at CCM and I appreciate the opportunity to focus on what I can do to help them meet their goals, and allow them to focus on what matters most to them.Read articles by Jason: FPA in the Community Best-Prep, College Savings Plans-One Component of Proactive Education PlanningJessica HayesTechnology OfficerJessica HayesTechnology Officer507.321.4033507.645.6408 (Fax)jessica@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Jessica Hayes is the Technology Officer at Carlson Capital Management. Jessica works as part of the Operations & Technology team at the firm and is responsible for ensuring the effectiveness and efficiency of technology infrastructure. Jessica provides technical support for colleagues as well as training on hardware, software programs and leveraging the use of multiple devices. She also works with the Operations & Technology team on project management.Jessica earned an Associate in Arts degree from Anoka-Ramsey Community College. She also attended the University of Minnesota – Duluth, where she completed coursework in Computer Science. Jessica joined RE/MAX Results in 2011 and provided technical support and training to real estate agents and office staff. When she’s not working, Jessica enjoys photography and discovering new bike trails. She is a Minnesota native and currently resides in Northfield, Minnesota.Judd Lohmann, MBASenior Integrated Wealth AdvisorJudd Lohmann, MBASenior Integrated Wealth Advisor507.321.4008507.645.6408 (Fax)judd@carlsoncap.com  It is essential that our clients feel secure knowing that, not only is there a plan in place, but also that this plan is being prudently monitored and managed to ensure that their goals and legacy are consistent with their intentions.  Professional Biography Judd Lohmann is a Senior Integrated Wealth Advisor for Carlson Capital Management. In this role, Judd works on all aspects of client relationship and portfolio management. He is responsible for client service by implementing and coordinating all aspects of the integrated wealth management platform including investment management, retirement modeling, insurance analysis, educational planning and other general financial planning. In addition, Judd is a member of the firm's investment committee, helping to advise on investment practices and strategies.After graduating from St. Olaf College in 1980 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics, Judd went on to receive his MBA from the Carlson School of Management at the University of Minnesota with a concentration in Finance. He began his career at Honeywell in Minneapolis, where for three years he conducted capital planning and investment analysis. For the following twenty-one years Judd was employed by IDS/American Express Financial Advisors/Ameriprise, serving in a financial leadership capacity in several areas: in the Real Estate Department he was the principle financial analyst for the new corporate office center; in the Advisor Technology Department he led the financial analyst team that helped redesign the sales tools and processes, and in the Treasury Department he was responsible for investor and rating agency relationships and preparation/coordination of monthly meetings of the corporate Balance Sheet Management Committee.Judd has been involved with and supported various organizations including Habitat for Humanity, Over and Back, the Boy Scouts of America, a Circle of Service volunteer group, and Emmaus Church of Northfield, Minnesota. He and his wife Susan enjoy living in Northfield, where they have raised their three children.Personal Thoughts The concept of integration is an important one for me, and has become more so throughout my life. I want my life to be integrated, to have the pieces fit well and make sense together. And the word integration shares a common root with another word that is significant to me. This word is integrity, and for me personally it means being the same person wherever I am and whoever I am with – living as a person of integrity.I believe these principles can carry over into the financial component of one’s life. A financial plan is optimized when it is well aligned and integrated with one’s goals and intended legacy. It is essential that our clients feel secure knowing that, not only is there a plan in place, but also that this plan is being prudently monitored and managed to ensure that their goals and legacy are consistent with their intentions. It is our job to listen carefully to your goals, help establish a course that provides the best means to set it in motion, and then to work with you to stay on the established course or respond appropriately to life changes.Katy Vermeer, CFP®Integrated Wealth AdvisorKaty Vermeer, CFP®Integrated Wealth Advisor952.230.6707952.230.6710 (Fax)katy@carlsoncap.com  For me, it is a real privilege to walk alongside families who entrust their financial future to me and to my colleagues at CCM. I never take that for granted.  Professional Biography Katy Vermeer is an Integrated Wealth Advisor at Carlson Capital Management. In this role, Katy is responsible for all aspects of client relationship and investment portfolio management. She serves clients by recommending, implementing and coordinating integrated wealth management services, including investment management, retirement modeling, educational planning, estate and philanthropic planning other general financial planning.Katy joined CCM with more than thirty years of experience in financial services, including nearly a decade of serving clients by advising on all aspects of wealth management. Prior professional roles include leading business development initiatives, portfolio management, product management, and marketing. Katy worked most recently as Director of the Wealth Strategies Group with a firm in the Twin Cities. In addition to serving as a wealth advisor for clients and their families, Katy was instrumental in implementing a wealth planning platform, deepening the discovery process for firm clients, leading wealth planning workshops and contributing to the firm’s client education communications.Katy holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology and Business from DePauw University. Katy has also attained the Certified Financial Planner™ designation granted through the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards.When not at work, Katy enjoys being active outdoors. She loves using the lakes and parks of Minneapolis any time of the year. She and her husband, Kerry, live in Southwest Minneapolis. They have three grown children.Kelly IrvineDirector of Marketing & CommunicationsKelly IrvineDirector of Marketing & Communications507.321.4021507.645.6408 (Fax)kelly@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Kelly Irvine is Director of Marketing & Communications for Carlson Capital Management. She oversees the firm’s marketing plans and project implementation; client communications and appreciation activities; event management and community involvement, all with an eye on keeping our clients’ experience at the forefront.Kelly graduated with departmental distinction in Political Science from St. Olaf College in 1992, where she earned her Bachelor of Arts degree cum laude. Her career took her to Montana, Idaho and Wisconsin before a return to Minnesota in 2003. Kelly’s professional background spans both the corporate and non-profit sectors. She has held corporate management positions in community relations and human resources.  Just prior to joining CCM she worked as a development officer at the University of St. Thomas.Community involvement is important to Kelly. She was selected as a Policy Fellow at the Hubert H. Humphrey Institute of Public Affairs, where she was a 2004-2005 participant. Past activities have included volunteer advisory committee service at St. Dominic School and co-chairing 5th Bridge-Feed My Starving Children Northfield meal-packing events. Kelly is a past board member of the Northfield Area Family YMCA and presently serves on the board of the Helena Education Foundation. Kelly, her husband Colin, and their two children spent the 2010-2011 school year living in and working from Oslo, Norway. She now telecommutes from Helena, Montana where she resides with her family.Personal Thoughts Like many Minnesotans, I grew up with the privilege of “going to the Lake” in the summer. (Much to the chagrin of my spouse, who hails from the West, we Midwesterners never really bother to specify which lake. It’s just the Lake.) Not unlike many families in this area, I am fortunate in that early ancestors from Norway had the foresight to purchase lake front land where they wasted no time establishing family traditions – including an annual July 4th celebration. And while land is simply land, it’s our “landscape” that helps describe the essence of who we are. For me that landscape, and more precisely “the Lake,” is really all about family.I recall my wedding day as guests came out of the chapel to greet us in the receiving line. My new mother-in-law from out of state stood next to me as I introduced her to many unfamiliar faces. She remarked later that every other person was “a cousin from the Lake.” How right she was. In our family, it doesn’t matter if one is a first cousin, a third cousin twice-removed, or the spouse of a second cousin – we are just cousins. Cousins range from several months old to those in their nineties, and, oddly enough, we consider ourselves part of an “immediate” family, even though the number of us easily exceeds a couple hundred. We all grew up spending summers at the Lake, and we were always accountable to the aunts in the generation (or two) ahead of us. We are there for one another’s weddings, funerals and sometimes birthdays. We look forward to sharing kransekake and rommegrot. We are intent on ensuring that our children know our cousins’ children. So, to know me is to know that I am a wife and a mother, a daughter and a sister, a grand-daughter, and, of course, “a cousin.”All of us at CCM look forward to learning your story, because that is how we at CCM have defined ourselves as a company, and that is how we will continue to define ourselves in the future. We must know you and your story before we can help you accomplish what is important to you.Kelsey JohnsonClient Servicing RepresentativeKelsey JohnsonClient Servicing Representative507.206.2800507.206.2811 (Fax)kelsey@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Kelsey Johnson serves as a Client Servicing Representative for Carlson Capital Management. Kelsey is the welcoming colleague you will see when you visit our office in Rochester and is also one of the voices you may hear when you call into the firm. She is responsible for office management, hospitality, scheduling meetings and preparing materials for client presentations. Kelsey also is a primary contact for account openings, fund transfers and other client account servicing needs. In addition, she works with the Rochester advisory team and specialists by handling key administrative functions.Kelsey is a 2008 graduate of the University of St. Thomas where she majored in Business Communications. Kelsey joins CCM with client service experience--having worked most recently as a client associate with another financial services firm. Kelsey was born and raised in Rochester and enjoys working on her home, hiking with her dog, camping, and spending time with friends and family. She is also an avid explorer--enjoying travel at every opportunity. Kelsey resides in Rochester, Minnesota with her husband, Erik and their son.Personal Thoughts I played soccer from when I could first run, beginning with my three brothers in our backyard, continuing through grade school, then playing during my college years as well. I enjoyed the sport, the hard work and dedication that lead to positive results—but I what loved the most was the connection I made with my siblings then teammates, and the relationships I built with coaches and parents. I never really sought to be the one scoring the goal, having the glory, but instead I wanted to defend my goalie, and support my friends.This is what I love about my work at CCM – the relationships with our clients, knowing their families, their wishes, supporting their lifelong work, and assisting them in accomplishing their goals.Kevin Koski, CPADirector of Tax ServicesKevin Koski, CPADirector of Tax Services651.319.8067651.438.9818 (Fax)kevin@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Kevin Koski serves as Director of Tax Services at Carlson Capital Management and as a Senior Tax Advisor with CCM Tax & Trust Administration. As part of the tax planning and compliance team, Kevin provides tax expertise and prepares client returns. Kevin also works closely with CCM planning team members to deliver clients integrated planning services that include expert tax counsel.Kevin came to CCM with strong expertise having worked with clients at a St. Paul CPA firm for fifteen years. In his role there, Kevin provided leadership and direction for the firm’s tax services practice, and advised clients on income & estate tax matters. Kevin was also an advisor on general financial planning topics such as stock option analysis, charitable planning and gifting strategies for high-net-worth individuals and families. Kevin is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Minnesota Society of CPAs.Kevin grew up in Virginia, Minnesota and is a graduate of the University of Minnesota-Duluth, where he earned his bachelor’s degree in accounting. Shortly following graduation, Kevin earned his Certified Public Accountant (CPA) status. Outside of work, Kevin has three children and enjoys volunteering as a coach and assistant with their athletic teams. Kevin and his family reside in South Minneapolis.Laura VirgenClient Servicing RepresentativeLaura VirgenClient Servicing Representative507.321.4013507.645.6408 (Fax)laura@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Laura Virgen serves as a Client Servicing Representative for Carlson Capital Management. Laura is the welcoming colleague you will see when you visit our Northfield office and one of the voices you may hear when you call into the firm. She is responsible for office management, hospitality, scheduling meetings and preparing materials for client presentations. Laura also is a primary contact for account openings, fund transfers and other client account servicing needs. In addition, she works with the Northfield advisory team and specialists by handling key administrative functions.Laura is a 2011 graduate of the College of Saint Benedict where she majored in Communication and Peace Studies. She joined CCM having spent four years in the non-profit sector, working for two organizations whose mission was to serve families children and families in crisis. Laura grew up in Willmar, Minnesota and loves the summer months when she can spend time at the cabin or on the river. She also enjoys spending time with family, traveling and volunteering with local animal rescue organizations. Laura resides in Stillwater--with her own rescue dog, Stanley. Lynall MalechaClient Servicing RepresentativeLynall MalechaClient Servicing Representative507.321.4000507.645.6408 (Fax)lynall@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Lynall Malecha serves as a Client Servicing Representative for Carlson Capital Management. Lynall is the welcoming colleague you meet when you visit our Northfield location and one of the voices you may hear when you call the firm. She is responsible for working with both new and current clients on account openings, fund transfers and many other key account servicing needs. In addition, Lynall provides office management and client hospitality and works with the firm’s advisors by handling central administrative and servicing functions.Lynall joined CCM with more than fifteen years of experience in commercial insurance, including client and policy servicing as an account manager. She enjoys spending time with her family, reading and gardening. Lynall is a Northfield, Minnesota native, and lives in the country outside of town with her husband Mike, where they raised their two daughters.Mary SchubbeClient Servicing RepresentativeMary SchubbeClient Servicing Representative952.230.6701952.230.6710 (Fax)mary@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Mary Schubbe serves as a Client Servicing Representative for Carlson Capital Management. Mary is the welcoming face you see when you visit our Twin Cities location in Bloomington and one of the voices you may hear when you call the firm. She is responsible for working with both new and current clients on account openings, fund transfers and many other key account servicing needs. In addition, Mary provides office management and client hospitality, manages client meeting confirmations, and works with the firm’s advisors and specialists by handling a variety of central administrative functions.Mary joined CCM with more than twenty-five years of experience in customer service management, sales administration, project management, and operations support roles. Client servicing combined with managing multiple projects simultaneously has been a common thread in Mary’s career. When she’s not working, Mary enjoys attending her children’s sports activities and gardening. Mary grew up in Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota and now resides in Bloomington with her spouse and two children.Matt Morehead, J.D., CEBSIntegrated Wealth AdvisorMatt Morehead, J.D., CEBSIntegrated Wealth Advisor507.206.2801507.206.2811 (Fax)matt@carlsoncap.com  Helping our clients do great things with their wealth over time, as defined by them, and witnessing their resulting fulfillment, is extremely gratifying to me.  Professional Biography Matt Morehead is an Integrated Wealth Advisor at Carlson Capital Management. In this role, Matt is responsible for all aspects of the client relationship and investment portfolio management. He primarily serves clients by recommending, implementing and coordinating integrated wealth management services, including investment management, retirement modeling, insurance analysis, educational planning, estate and philanthropic planning and other general financial planning.Matt joined CCM with more than ten years of experience serving the wealth management needs of affluent individuals and families in various leadership roles at firms in both Denver, Colorado and Baltimore, Maryland. Matt received his Bachelor of Science degree, with honors, from the United States Coast Guard Academy, and began his career as a Coast Guard Officer in Duluth, Minnesota, driving an ice-breaking and search-and-rescue ship on Lake Superior. After his shipboard tour in Duluth, he then went back to the Coast Guard Academy as an admissions officer and leadership instructor, and simultaneously earned his Juris Doctorate from the University of Connecticut School of Law and his Certified Employee Benefit Specialist (CEBS) designation from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania and the International Foundation of Employee Benefit Plans. Matt’s tenure as a wealth advisor followed law school, when he turned in his Coast Guard uniform for a coat and tie to serve people in a different way, helping a small group of individuals and families navigate the often difficult waters of properly managing their wealth.Matt has been recognized with numerous Coast Guard awards, as a “Forty Under Forty” rising business leader in Denver, Colorado, and as a Five Star Wealth Manager, “Best in Client Satisfaction,” for his work with affluent families. Through the years, he has been active with Rotary International and various organizations aimed at mentoring disadvantaged youth. Outside of the office, Matt enjoys playing golf, cooking and being a dedicated “hockey dad and chauffeur” to his son, Maxwell. Matt and his wife, Heather, currently reside on the beautiful campus of Shattuck-St. Mary’s in Faribault, Minnesota. Matt will be serving clients from CCM's new downtown location in Rochester, Minnesota.Personal Thoughts When I was a football player at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, there was a saying above our locker room door that read, “Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off the goal.” That quote has stuck with me through the years, having more relevance to me now as an Integrated Wealth Advisor at CCM than as a young cadet at the Academy. I enjoy getting to know each of our clients on a deep level, understanding their goals, and in many cases, helping them to determine and prioritize their goals for the future. I then enjoy partnering with my CCM colleagues in their specific areas of wealth management expertise to make these goals actually happen, continually trying our absolute collective best to jump over, crawl under, or go around the obstacles that can inevitably pop up along the way. Helping our clients do great things with their wealth over time, as defined by them, and witnessing their resulting fulfillment, is extremely gratifying to me. I can’t think of a more worthwhile and satisfying pursuit.Matthew Rich, J.D.Integrated Wealth AdvisorMatthew Rich, J.D.Integrated Wealth Advisor507.321.4030507.645.6408 (Fax)matthew@carlsoncap.com  Our clients deserve our best at every stage in the relationship, and it is exciting to be part of a firm that embraces that responsibility and is constantly looking for new opportunities to deliver an extraordinary client experience.  Professional Biography Matthew Rich is an Integrated Wealth Advisor at Carlson Capital Management. As part of the advisory team, Matthew is responsible for implementing and coordinating all aspects of integrated wealth management for clients, including investment management, retirement modeling, insurance analysis, estate and educational planning and other general financial planning according to a client's needs.After earning a Bachelor of Arts degree from Gustavus Adolphus College, Matthew went on to receive his Juris Doctor from William Mitchell College of Law. Before joining CCM, Matthew practiced as an attorney helping individuals and small businesses develop practical solutions to complex legal issues. Throughout his career, he has sought opportunities to merge advocacy and leadership, and is currently providing direction for the Northfield Rotary Club, Northfield Sertoma Club, HealthFinders Collaborative, and the Community Action Center of Northfield. He and his wife, Leah, reside in Northfield, Minnesota, with their four children.Personal Thoughts Success can be measured by the quality of the relationships one keeps. Relationships are built on trust and integrity, and the former is established through the unyielding execution of the latter. That is how I approach my work, and I appreciate the opportunity to partner with clients and colleagues who share my values. Our clients deserve our best at every stage in the relationship, and it is exciting to be part of a firm that embraces that responsibility and is constantly looking for new opportunities to deliver an extraordinary client experience.Micah NelsonParaplannerMicah NelsonParaplanner507.206.2807507.206.2811 (Fax)micah@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Micah Nelson is a Paraplanner at Carlson Capital Management. In this role, Micah works closely with the firm’s wealth advisors, collaborating throughout the planning process to deliver comprehensive financial plans to clients. He is responsible for collecting, tracking and monitoring related data, preparing presentation materials and assisting with portfolio management. Micah also facilitates client-advisor communications and works proactively to monitor and complete client-related servicing activities. In addition he is responsible for a strong working knowledge of and leveraging of firm technology to best serve clients.Micah graduated summa cum laude from Babson College in Wellesley, Massachusetts where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematical and Computational Finance. During college, Micah served as a portfolio manager for the Babson College Fund. He gained experience in the investment industry as an investment banking summer analyst, and as an investments research intern at a wealth management firm. He also worked as a research assistant on campus, advising other students on the use and application of financial research resources and techniques. Prior to enrolling in college, Micah spent a year living and studying in Oslo, Norway through the AFS-USA exchange program. Micah is an avid cyclist/triathlete and has been actively competing since he was in middle school. In his free time, he enjoys outdoor activities including skiing, hiking, kayaking and kiteboarding. Micah grew up in Rochester, Minnesota, and has recently returned there to once again call it home. Michael LundInvestment Operations SpecialistMichael LundInvestment Operations Specialist507.321.4029507.645.6408 (Fax)michael@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Michael Lund serves as an Investment Operations Specialist at Carlson Capital Management. As a part of both the investment and operations teams, Michael is responsible for performing system downloads and data reconciliations, coordinating the firm’s quarterly report process, conducting research, and helping to manage and maintain data integrity and other activities that support overall client portfolio management and firm operations. Prior to joining the CCM team, Michael worked as an operations specialist at Wells Fargo Investments in Minneapolis.Michael is a 2013 graduate from the University of Minnesota, where he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics. Throughout college Michael was active with campus organizations which included serving on the student board for Habitat for Humanity and serving as an administrator and stock analyst on the U of M Stock Traders Club. In addition, Michael interned with Xcel Energy as a strategic planning intern, and worked as an assistant facility manager for Baseline Tennis Center at the U of M. He also participated on multiple intra-mural sports teams. Michael has been an avid tennis player since the age of ten. In the summer months, he enjoys playing softball and golf, and spending time with his family at the cabin. Michael grew up in Hastings, Minnesota, and currently lives in Northfield.Michael PaulsonParaplannerMichael PaulsonParaplanner952.230.6713952.230.6710 (Fax)mike@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Michael Paulson is a Paraplanner at Carlson Capital Management. In this role, Mike works closely with the firm’s wealth advisors, collaborating throughout the planning process to deliver comprehensive financial plans to clients. He is responsible for collecting, tracking and monitoring related data, preparing presentation materials and assisting with portfolio management. Mike also facilitates client-advisor communications and works proactively to monitor and complete client-related servicing activities. In addition he is responsible for a strong working knowledge of and leveraging of firm technology to best serve clients.Mike graduated from the University of Wisconsin, La-Crosse where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance and Accounting and was a dean’s list student. During college, Mike gained experience in financial services as a stockbroker intern. He was also a member of the student Financial Management Association and participated in intramural sports. Prior to his Paraplanner role at CCM, Mike worked as part of CCM's Investment Team where he gained a strong working knowledge of the firm's investment approach and was a key participant in proactive management of client portfolios. Mike has always had a strong interest in chess, and coached an elementary chess team as a high school student. Mike grew up in Eagan, Minnesota and now resides in South Minneapolis with his wife, Katie.Paige Woods, CPATax SeniorPaige Woods, CPATax Senior952.230.6716952.230.6710 (Fax)paige@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Paige Woods serves as a Tax Senior as part of the Carlson Capital Management team as well as with CCM Tax & Trust Administration. As part of the tax compliance team, Paige provides tax expertise and prepares client returns. In addition, Paige works closely with the advisory team to deliver clients fully integrated wealth management services, lending her experience to proactive tax-related planning.Paige’s most recent experience includes four and a half years as a tax senior for a Minneapolis CPA firm. In this role, she worked in a variety of capacities providing tax compliance services –preparing and reviewing individual, fiduciary, partnership and corporate returns. She also reviewed complex gift tax and estate returns and assisted in subsequent tax planning related to estate administration, as well as provided consultative scenario-based tax planning services for clients. Paige also served in a coaching role for early senior-level consultants, providing hands-on technical skills training, mentorship and professional development. Paige is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.Paige is a graduate of the University of North Dakota, where she earned her Bachelor of Accountancy, graduating cum laude. Outside of work, she enjoys spending time checking out the foodie and brewery scene in the North Loop neighborhood of Minneapolis with friends and family, especially the pet-friendly places so her bulldog, Cash, can join. Paige grew up in Thief River Falls, Minnesota, and now resides in downtown Minneapolis.Sandra RowanIn Loving Memory, 1953-2015 Sandra RowanIn Loving Memory, 1953-2015It is with heavy hearts that we share the news that our dear friend and colleague, Sandy Rowan, passed away on Thursday, December 31st. Sandy fought a valiant battle with cancer for the past two years, and within the past month, complications became such that treatment was no longer an option. Sandy was part of the CCM family for sixteen years, and a truly beloved member of the core team that has made CCM what it is today. It is an understatement to say that she will be missed—but there is so much about her that we will miss.We will miss her warm smile that was there when we walked into the Northfield office every morning. We will miss her maternal supervision of our comings/goings and ensuring we were wearing coats when it was cold. We will miss her laughter and her teasing. We will miss her consistent reminders to advisors about putting things into “the queue.” We will miss getting updates on her beautiful grandchildren, and time at the cabin spent with family. We will just plain miss her consistent, dependable, loyal and caring presence. There will be an empty place in our office, and in our lives.Sandy’s legacy unquestionably will be ever-present in the lives of her husband, Bill, her two children and their families. In addition, she has left a lasting legacy at Carlson Capital Management. Sandy was central to making our client servicing team what it is today. When she joined CCM she was a very experienced office manager, and new to financial services. What she left was a thriving, efficient operation--always focused on providing clients with the best service possible. Sandy had numerous relationships and friendships with CCM clients who we know will dearly miss her as well.Godspeed dear friend as you cross this threshold. We are so grateful, Sandy, for the place you filled in our CCM family. Our firm will forever hold for you the place on our team that can be only yours.Scott FeraroDirector of Human CapitalScott FeraroDirector of Human Capital952.230.6703952.230.6710 (Fax)scott@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography As Director of Human Capital, Scott’s responsibilities include the development and management of all colleague-related plans and programs. It is Scott’s mission to ensure that CCM colleagues have the knowledge, skills, abilities and resources required to provide the highest level of service to our clients.Scott has more than 25 years of experience providing human capital solutions to the financial services industry, with small to large market wealth management firms, banks and their custodians. Prior to joining Carlson Capital Management, Scott was Managing Director of Pepin Consulting, designing talent management solutions for the global wealth management industry, and Managing Principal of the Seabury Group where he worked on Human Resources planning and design engagements for the financial services and retail industries. Prior to Seabury, Scott led the rewards department and was a manager of the talent transformation team at Best Buy, Co. Inc.Scott grew up in the Twin Cities and graduated from Saint Thomas Academy in Mendota Heights. He also attended the University of North Dakota in Grand Forks, where he studied Business Administration and Finance. Scott is a Senior Professional of Human Resources (SPHR) and is master certified in multiple talent management disciplines. He is a frequent speaker at industry conferences on talent and compensation related issues facing the financial services industry. Scott resides in Northeast Minneapolis.Personal Thoughts Since the very beginning of my career, I have had my internal colleagues as my clients. My feeling has always been that if I put forth my maximum effort into caring for my team, that positive energy would then be transferred directly to our external client relationships. To me, this represents a resolute devotion to our clients. It’s our commitment to them that they will always have the best of our human resources brought to bear when fulfilling their needs.Whether it is spending time with my family or with friends, I treasure my personal relationships above all else and work hard to make time for each of them. Most of my time outside of the office is spent in this pursuit and, during the summer months at least, sailing in the Minnesota and Wisconsin blufflands on Lake Pepin.Susan RossiColleague/Team Support SpecialistSusan RossiColleague/Team Support Specialist651.319.8069651.438.9818 (Fax)sue@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography As Colleague/Team Support Specialist, Sue Rossi’s responsibilities at Carlson Capital Management include providing direct support to Principal Jeff Carlson, and acting as a project manager for firm initiatives, and for offerings such as CCM Institutional Client Services. Her goal is to achieve successful and sustained alignment of colleague activities, effective communication, accomplishment of team goals and effective deployment of resources.Sue comes to CCM with more than twenty years of experience providing marketing and communication solutions in the financial services industry, including retail mutual funds, regulatory entities and higher education providers. Prior to joining Carlson Capital Management, Sue was Director of Client Relations Services for the Office of the Treasurer of the University of California (UC). In this role, she was responsible for developing internal and external communication strategies, maintaining consistent messaging and cultivating relationships with key stakeholders throughout the University system. In previous roles, Sue served as an advertising analyst for the Investment Companies Regulation Department of the National Association of Securities Dealers Regulation, Inc. (now FINRA) based in Washington, D.C. Sue also served as a Vice President of Thornburg Investment Management in Santa Fe, New Mexico, as National Accounts Manager and as Manager of Research Communication.Sue grew up in Rochester, Minnesota and graduated from St. Olaf College with a degree in American Studies. While she has lived and worked throughout the country, she has always considered herself a Minnesotan at heart and is pleased to have returned to put down roots in the historic Lowertown district of St. Paul. Sue has a daughter and twin sons and spends her free time curling and exploring Minnesota’s back roads.Tim JacksonDirector of Operations & TechnologyTim JacksonDirector of Operations & Technology507.321.4003507.645.6408 (Fax)tim@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Tim Jackson is Director of Operations and Technology at Carlson Capital Management. In this role, Tim is responsible for oversight of all firm operations and technology. This includes planning, implementing and managing all aspects of technology to enhance both the client and colleague experience at CCM. He is also responsible for ensuring support and maintenance of existing applications, platforms and tools, as well as researching and implementing new solutions on an on-going basis. Tim’s hands-on experience and strong technical aptitude help ensure the overall efficiency and effectiveness of the firm’s operations.Tim graduated from the University of Wisconsin – Madison, where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in economics with an emphasis in mathematics. After graduation, he joined a small software company in the Twin Cities, where he worked in research and development. Tim has extensive self-taught computer skills and has significant experience in designing and maintaining websites. In 2017, Tim began a three-year term as a member of the Charles Schwab Technology, Operations, and Service Advisory Board. He also volunteers his technical skills to assist a variety of non-profit organizations. Tim and his family live in Northfield, Minnesota.Personal Thoughts Family is very important to me. I grew up with three brothers and three sisters, and my parents have since gone on to adopt twenty-three more children, bringing the total number of children in my family to thirty. The closeness of my family has instilled in me a strong sense of family values, which I carry forward to my own family now. My wife and I love every second we are with our children, watching them develop and grow.Growing up in a large family has also given me a great understanding of teamwork and how to get things done. My brothers and sisters would seldom all agree on things, but somehow we managed to compromise and move on without anyone getting left behind. My family experiences have helped me apply these skills of teamwork and compromise in the business world. Teamwork has always been a part of the CCM culture and I’m proud to provide our clients with an experience that reflects this value.Tom NowariakInvestment Trading SpecialistTom NowariakInvestment Trading Specialist507.321.4034507.645.6408 (Fax)tomn@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Tom Nowariak is an Investment Trading Specialist at Carlson Capital Management. As part of the investment team, Tom is responsible for monitoring and reviewing client portfolios to maintain balance across asset classes, making recommendations for portfolios when out of alignment with models, reviewing daily cash positions, and placing trades through the custodial trading platform. Tom is also responsible for key activities that support the firm’s data management and custodial relationships.Tom is a graduate of the University of Minnesota-Duluth where he graduated summa cum laude with a degree in Financial Markets - Finance. While studying at UMD, Tom was a participant in the Labovitz School of Business and Economics’ Financial Markets Program which was responsible for managing an investment portfolio worth over $1 million. He also gained industry experience through an internship with a large advisory firm in the Twin Cities. In his free time, Tom enjoys playing hockey, spending time with family and friends at the cabin, and fishing the many lakes in Minnesota. Tom grew up in Eagan, Minnesota where he currently resides.Tom Pesek, MBADirector of FinanceTom Pesek, MBADirector of Finance952.230.6708952.230.6710 (Fax)tomp@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography As Director of Finance, Tom’s responsibilities at Carlson Capital Management include the development, communication and execution of the firm’s corporate financial planning function—from strategic to day-to-day tactical processes. In this role, Tom oversees internal accounting and budgeting processes and reporting, corporate tax management, vendor management and financial technology. He also manages all regulatory compliance processes for CCM, partnering with the Chief Compliance Officer.Tom brought more than 35 years of experience in the financial services industry to his position at CCM. He served more than twenty years in the roles of chief financial officer and president of a Twin Cities based multi-state, multi-industry holding company. His professional experience includes all aspects of strategic, general and financial management as well as substantial experience with mergers and acquisitions.Tom grew up in the Twin Cities and graduated from the University of St. Thomas with a Bachelor's degree in Business. He went on to earn his MBA in Finance from the University of Minnesota. Tom's involvement in the community has included school board service, coaching, and sitting on numerous non-profit boards including a large land trust in Western Wisconsin. Tom and his wife, Maureen, raised their son in New Brighton, Minnesota, where they now reside.Tonya QuadeCorporate AdministratorTonya QuadeCorporate Administrator507.321.4005507.645.6408 (Fax)tonya@carlsoncap.comProfessional Biography Tonya Quade, Corporate Administrator, has been part of the Carlson Capital Management team for more than twenty years, allowing her to contribute to the firm with a wide breadth of responsibility. Tonya manages the firm’s accounting activities, human resource functions and general corporate administration operations. In addition, she is responsible for serving as donor advised fund administrator for the American Center for Philanthropy, a non-profit organization seeded by Carlson Capital Management.Tonya has called Red Wing, Minnesota home since 1979. She graduated from Red Wing Central High in 1991, and went on to earn a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the University of Wisconsin – River Falls. Shortly there-after, Tonya began her career with Carlson Capital Management and following the founders, is the most tenured colleague at the firm.Outside of work, Tonya enjoys spending time with family and friends. Tonya and her husband, Monte, live in Red Wing with their two sons.Personal Thoughts Having been with CCM since 1996 when there were only four of us on the staff, I have seen and been part of many changes at the firm. The company has evolved in both small and large ways (everything from a name change to adding additional office locations), but there has been one constant that has remained unchanged. That constant is Carlson Capital Management’s commitment to each client and helping them in all aspects of their financial lives. This commitment is proven in not only the wide range of services we offer, but also in the personal attention that is given to making each client feel part of the Carlson “family.” It is part of our core philosophy that puts the client at the center of all that we do, and I think this is what makes our firm so unique.Victoria PlugaruIn Loving Memory, 1983-2016 Victoria PlugaruIn Loving Memory, 1983-2016It is with great sadness that we share that our dear friend and colleague, Victoria Plugaru, passed away on Tuesday, December 20th. Victoria was diagnosed with stage four pancreatic cancer in June of 2016, and fought hard until the end with beautiful grace and deep gratitude for each day she had.Her impact as a CCM colleague was short but significant. She joined our firm in August 2015, in the role of a paraplanner, working alongside of CCM advisors to support them in caring for our clients. She was a quick study, had a generous spirit, and took her work seriously. Her Eastern European roots were evident in her strong work ethic and practical approach to life. We will always remember her beautiful smile, her willingness to do what it took to get the job done, and her deep appreciation for all that she had. We will also remember her giving spirit. She loved to cook, and if you sat near her during lunch, she was sure to offer you a sample of her latest meal creation, along with the recipe. Victoria told us, "It's the Romanian way. Food is love to us."Victoria leaves behind her husband, Nick Shanklin, a Minneapolis police officer and three young children, Luke, age 5, Landon, age 3 and Mikayla, 11 months. Her family was her greatest love.We will miss your presence dear Victoria, and we will strive to honor and follow your daily example of approaching life with a positive outlook, a practical nature and gratitude for what we have.Details regarding visitation and funeral services are available here.AllAdvisory TeamClient Servicing TeamInvestments and OperationsTax AdvisorsFirm AdministrationSenior Leadership Team 401(k) Plan ServicesInsurance AffiliateContact UsContact us for a complimentary discovery meeting or for a second opinion on your current financial plan.Contact UsQuick LinksOur TeamOur Video LibraryOur ServicesOur LocationsContact UsClient LoginCCM In the NewsCCM Named a Financial Times 300 Top RIACCM Principal, Greg Carlson, quoted in InvestmentNewsCCM Advisor, Matt Morehead, quoted in Rochester MagazineCCM Recognized with Small Business Success Story AwardRecent Posts from CCMFive Key Estate Planning Matters to Consider AnnuallyEnd of an EraAn Update from the Tax Team: Minnesota Tax UpdateQuarterly Investment Insight: Beyond the Fiduciary Standard in Portfolio Management    

	Carlson  


















Menu

 
 







Carlson Capital
Carlson Capital, L.P. is an alternative asset management firm. Founded in 1993 by Clint Carlson, we currently manage over nine billion dollars in hedge fund and CLO assets. The firm rests on three pillars: philosophy, people, and process.












prev
next





Philosophy
We believe that superior risk-adjusted returns can be achieved by the use of thoughtful, targeted hedging strategies and diversification, across multiple strategies and multiple decision makers.  




People
Our cohesive and collaborative investment team is critical to our success. This team of over eighty professionals with diverse backgrounds, expertise, and perspectives consistently applies our investment philosophy across all of our strategies. They are supported by experienced professionals in the operational and management infrastructure. We are committed to finding people who have a passion for investing.  




Process
Our process is based on a rigorous, disciplined decision-making framework. Communication, collaboration, and teamwork are all key elements. Our process is robust and repeatable, and not dependent on any one investment, strategy, or individual. This process permeates every aspect of investing at Carlson: idea generation, portfolio construction, trade execution, portfolio management, and risk management.







Careers

We seek qualified candidates who are intellectually curious, passionate about the business, and highly motivated. Carlson Capital offers a wide array of opportunities across various functional areas.



Summer Internship Program
Carlson Capital’s summer internship program is open to first year MBA candidates interested in a career in investment management. Applications for candidates to participate in the upcoming summer program are reviewed in December. At the end of the internship program candidates are formally reviewed and considered for full-time hiring based on performance and manager need across our locations. 


Investment Team
Carlson Capital offers full-time employment to both talented recent graduates and experienced investment professionals. Positions within portfolio management, research, trading and risk management may become available throughout the year and hiring is generally based on need.


Business Team
Carlson Capital accepts applications on an on-going basis for experienced professionals across accounting, tax, operations, legal, compliance, technology, investor relations and administration. Positions are generally based in our headquarters in Dallas, Texas and hiring is based on need.


Apply for a Position





Login




















* User name is required

 * Password is required


I accept the Carlson Capital Terms Of Use and acknowledge the confidentiality restrictions set forth therein.




 Remember Me
Forgot Password?









Reset Password
Request Access



Reset Password

										Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem.
										












 
 

 
 
 

 

















Carlson Capital Management Inc                                                                                           - Northfield                                        , MN         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MN



Northfield



Management Consulting Services



Planning Consultant



                            Carlson Capital Management Inc
                                    



 





















C 


Carlson Capital Management Inc                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



11 BRIDGE SQ NORTHFIELD, MN 55057
Get Directions



(507) 645-8887
www.carlsoncap.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded 1987
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $2,421,125.00
 Employee Count 10
 Industries Planning Consultant
 Contacts Gregory A Carlson                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1987, Carlson Capital Management Inc                                                                                           has been providing Planning Consultant from Northfield. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Carlson Capital Management                                                                                               - Rochester                                         , MN         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MN



Rochester



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Carlson Capital Management
                                    



 





















C 


Carlson Capital Management                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



30 3RD ST SE STE 201 ROCHESTER, MN 55904
Get Directions



(507) 288-9797
www.carlsoncap.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Scott Mauer                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Carlson Capital Management 118 4th St E Hastings, MN Financial Advisory Services - MapQuest







































































































    Carlson Capital Management
  

118 4th St E

Hastings
MN
55033




 Reviews



(651) 437-2360
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics









Opening Hours

Mon: 9am-5pm
Tue: 9am-5pm
Wed: 9am-5pm
Thu: 9am-5pm
Fri: 9am-5pm


































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help


























Carlson Capital Management






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,711  0.45% AcomeA GlobaleSoprarno Orizzonte8a Gran






World
US















Carlson Capital Management

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameCarlson Capital ManagementSEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 767.9 M Contact Details LocationNorthfield, MinnesotaAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.carlsoncap.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out Carlson-Capital-Management and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Quantum Capital Management  LLC Northfield NJ 0 Strategic Financial Designs  Inc. Northfield IL 0 Iron Partners LLC Northfield IL 0 Iron Financial Management Inc Northfield IL 0 Moller Financial Services Northfield IL 0 Cra Financial Services  L.L.C. Northfield NJ 0 Carlson Capital Management Northfield MN 0 Abg Investment Services Inc Albert Lea MN 0 Ais Planning St. Cloud MN 0 Silveroak Wealth Management LLC Minneapolis MN 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets








































Carlson Capital Reviews | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Carlson Capital ReviewsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchView Allnum of numClose (Esc) Carlson Capital Is this your company?Overview Overview 5 Reviews -- Jobs 19 Salaries -- Inter­views 1 Benefits -- PhotosFollowAdd a ReviewFollowAdd a Review Carlson Capital Reviews5 reviewsFilterFilterJob TitleLocationLocationWorldwideUS - All Cities– Dallas-Fort Worth, TX Area (includes HQ)Employment StatusPart-timeContractFreelanceInternFull-timeCurrent EmployeeClear AllApply FiltersClear AllCarlson Capital52.3StarStarStarStarStar[]trueRating TrendsRating TrendsRecommend to a friendApprove of CEOMichael McMahon1 RatingClose Your trust is our top concern, so companies can't alter or remove reviews. Employee Reviews Sort: PopularRatingDate Aug 11, 2014 Helpful (3)"Good at what it does but not a fit in my case"StarStarStarStarStarFormer Employee - Anonymous EmployeeFormer Employee - Anonymous EmployeeI worked at Carlson Capital full-timePros- Nice benefits (food and health benefits provided)- better culture than many comparable firms (not always warm, but much more collegial than many places in the industry)- good work resources (any research and tools you could care to name)- I admire the founder- Better work-life balance than many places in the industryCons- Short-term focused, it's part of the business model (which the firm as a whole does well) but this either works well for you or it doesn't. There are plenty of worse places for this, though.- Focus on batting average as opposed to slugging can be frustrating - but again, that's the model- Experience very much dictated by your PM - if you don't get along or don't see eye-to-eye you won't last long- Compensation highly variable but there are certainly places that pay better- Mid-level decision makers seem to struggle with dual role- Limited interest in improving your skillsAdvice to ManagementI think you have a very sensible model, it is just not for everyone.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (3) Carlson Capital Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Carlson Capital 2014-08-11 08:29 PDT Sep 16, 2016 Helpful (1)"Terrible"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Anonymous Employee in Dallas, TXFormer Employee - Anonymous Employee in Dallas, TXDoesn't RecommendNegative OutlookDisapproves of CEOI worked at Carlson Capital full-time (More than 3 years)ProsGood Benefits, Nice Office,Free LunchConsC Level Suite has no clue on how to run the firm.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (1) Carlson Capital Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Carlson Capital 2016-09-16 15:18 PDT May 17, 2014 Helpful (1)"Lack of moral at the firm"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeDoesn't RecommendNeutral OutlookI have been working at Carlson Capital full-time (More than 3 years)ProsNice to be able to live in Dallas, and Clint Carlson is one of the best guys in the business.ConsLower payouts than peer hedge funds.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (1) Carlson Capital Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Carlson Capital 2014-05-17 03:59 PDT Mar 14, 2014"Was a great place to work once upon a time"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Anonymous Employee in Dallas, TXFormer Employee - Anonymous Employee in Dallas, TXDoesn't RecommendNeutral OutlookNo opinion of CEOI worked at Carlson Capital full-time (More than 5 years)ProsCompensation (Salary, Health, Dental, Bonus)Cons- Once upon a time this was a great place to work. Then someone decided that being a 10-15 billion dollar Hedge-Fund was more important than being an awesome 5+ billion dollar hedge-fund- They only care about the moneyAdvice to ManagementIf you've found your niche where you are a great company and great to work for and were very successful at what you're doing, why change?Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Carlson Capital Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Carlson Capital 2014-03-14 12:04 PDT Aug 27, 2010"Good Job Great People"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - IT AnalystFormer Employee - IT AnalystRecommendsProsMuch more cost controlled and metrics driven. Decisions are not made based on emotion or gut feeling. Great team work.ConsWorking hour is not flexible compare to the job nature. It is more like a supporting role at some points.Advice to ManagementCreate new avenues of communication between front office and back office people. The hierarchy is so strictly enforced that ideas rarely make it to the executive levels.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Carlson Capital Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Carlson Capital 2010-08-27 00:55 PDTReviews > Carlson Capital RSS Feed</>EmbedCloseOutline of two peoples' headsWork in HR or Marketing?Grow your employer brandGet a free employer accountCloseOutline of two peoples' headsWork in HR or Marketing?Grow your employer brandGet a free employer accountCompanies to Explore Company BenefitsDoctor's valiseThere are currently no benefit reviews for this company.Add Benefits Review Job Seekers Also ViewedHighland Capital ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 40 ReviewsHudson Advisors ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 88 ReviewsHBK Capital Management ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 22 ReviewsHunt Oil Company ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 37 ReviewsMaverick Capital ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 7 ReviewsGoldman Sachs ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 4,256 ReviewsTolleson Wealth Management ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 8 ReviewsCGI ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 3,966 ReviewsAmazon ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 15,886 ReviewsCiti ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 7,633 ReviewsLockheed Martin ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 5,086 ReviewsORIX USA ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 20 Reviews Related Job SearchAnalyst jobsAnalyst salaries ($67k)Vice President jobsVice President salaries ($148k)Associate jobsAssociate salaries ($92k)Investment Banking Analyst jobsInvestment Banking Analyst salaries ($77k)Intern jobsIntern salaries ($33k)Financial Advisor jobsFinancial Advisor salaries ($47k)Summer Analyst jobsSummer Analyst salaries ($51k)Financial Analyst jobsFinancial Analyst salaries ($63k)Managing Director jobsManaging Director salaries ($183k)Teller jobsTeller salaries ($24k)Software Engineer jobsSoftware Engineer salaries ($84k)Director jobsDirector salaries ($137k)Interested in a New Job?Upload a resume to mobile apply. Your response will be removed from the review – this cannot be undone.Delete ResponseCancelThis will replace the current featured review for targeted profile. Are you sure you want to replace it?CancelConfirmAre you sure you want to remove this review from being featured for targeted profile?CancelConfirm
Companies & Reviews | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Search company reviews and ratingsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchUpload Your ResumeHiring? Post a Job for FreeNEW!Who are the Highest Rated CEOs in 2017?  See the winnersHighest Rated CEOs 2017 See the winnersCompany reviews and ratings. Get the whole story.Search ratings and reviews of over 600,000 companies worldwide. Get the inside scoop and find out what it's really like from people who've actually worked there.Write a ReviewWhat's New at GlassdoorAre You Paid Fairly? See Your Market Worth in SecondsReceive a custom salary estimate based on your title, company, location, and experience.Get Your Estimate20 Companies Hiring Like Crazy in July With positions spanning industries from tech to construction and beyond, there’s something for everyone.Read ArticleGlassdoor's Employees' Choice Awards 2017Glassdoor's annual Employees' Choice Awards honor the Best Places to Work acress North America and parts of Europe.See the 2017 ListRecently TrendingBain & Company ReviewsFacebook ReviewsBoston Consulting Group ReviewsGoogle ReviewsIBM ReviewsMoreEY ReviewsOracle ReviewsUS Air Force ReviewsDeloitte ReviewsNordstrom ReviewsVerizon Wireless ReviewsUS Navy ReviewsKPMG ReviewsJ.P. Morgan ReviewsHewlett-Packard ReviewsPwC ReviewsCisco Systems ReviewsSprint ReviewsAccenture ReviewsBoeing ReviewsDell ReviewsComcast ReviewsBooz Allen Hamilton ReviewsT-Mobile ReviewsMore CompaniesLessPopular CompaniesWorking at TargetWorking at WalmartWorking at MicrosoftWorking at Wells FargoWorking at Bank of AmericaMoreWorking at SearsWorking at Best BuyWorking at AT&TWorking at Macy'sWorking at EnterpriseWorking at The Home DepotWorking at Amazon.comWorking at UPSWorking at Lockheed MartinWorking at Lowe'sWorking at StarbucksWorking at AppleWorking at US ArmyWorking at VerizonWorking at WalgreensWorking at CitiWorking at Kohl'sWorking at CVS HealthWorking at McDonald'sCompanies Near YouLessCompany CultureSmall vs Large CompaniesHow to Find a MentorTop 20 Employee Benefits & PerksWhen is Commuting for a Job Worth It?Plan to Follow When Starting a New JobMoreDo You Know Your Worth?How to Become A ManagerThings to Consider Before Walking Out On Your Job Best Cities For JobsHow to Ask for Flexible Work ScheduleAdvantages Inexperienced Job Seekers BringHow to Handle a Counter OfferNetworking Etiquette for your CareerHow To Negotiate A Job OfferHow to Double Your SalaryHow to Deal with A Bad BossWork-Life Balance at the Best Places to WorkHow to Boost MoraleThe Best and Worst Industries for BenefitsHighest Rated CEOsHow to To Improve Your Work PerformanceEmbed Mentorship Into Your Company CultureThe Pros and Cons of Transparent Corporate CulturesThings To Not Do When Starting a New JobMore Company CultureLessGetting HiredCover Letter Opening LinesHow to Write a ResumeHow to Answer Interview QuestionsHow to Get a JobHow to Negotiate your SalaryMoreHow to Prepare for an interviewHow to Write a Cover LetterResume TipsSkills to Put on your ResumeAnswers for What is your Greatest WeaknessTell Me About Yourself?How to Find your PassionHow to Write a Resume SummaryWhat to Wear to an InterviewSalary Requirements Dont'sPhone Interview Tips Best Interview Answers What to Bring to an InterviewGood Questions to Ask in an InterviewCommon Interview QuestionsHow to Write a Cover LetterQuestion to Ask an Employer at an InterviewHow to Pick the Best People for your Job ReferenceTough Questions and AnswersMore Getting Hired AdviceLess


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Product Information Management Software | Plytix


































































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started































Your product content hub








Manage, optimize, and distribute your product content from one cloud platform to get to market faster
 


































X






















Features




Pricing




Testimonials
































Launch products faster
Eliminate the time consuming tasks that holds you back. Launch products 3x faster by enriching, optimizing, and distributing product content from one location.


















Cross-channel coherence
Over half of all shoppers research products on multiple channels before making a purchase. With consistent, quality product information potential customers will become loyal customers.


















Turn spreadsheets into workspace
The Plytix PIM takes all the data you have buried in spreadsheets with smart import mapping. Get a workspace that lets you add text, media, and define custom attributes error-free.






















Digital Asset Management
Make sure all your product and brand assets are organized and easily accessible by your whole team. Link images, videos, PDFs, and other files to products without needing duplicate content. 


















Digital product catalogs
Create interactive download centers for your catalogs. Share them via public link or embed them directly onto your website. Catalogs are enhanced with email notifications so that you know where all your content goes.


















Be the master of your content
Take control of your product content and see the difference in your bottom line. Rich, consistent content plus the efficiency provided by a PIM can boost sales by 35%. 


























Get the full feature & pricing list
































Experience the difference
Other PIM systems are complicated and expensive. Plytix offers affordable, ready-to-use product information management software that is simple enough for entire teams to use and powerful enough to support limitless growth.  
 




































I finally have ONE place for all of my data that's always updated and available to me no matter where I am.
Mai Johansson | Mai Copenhagen



































Growth



Estimate price per month


Number of products


No credit card required


Pay as you grow
All features included

Unlimited users
Unlimited variations
XML Template Builder
Digital asset management
Onboarding assistance available




Type number of products here!







Enterprise



CustomIdeal for +10,000 products

 


Need something different?
Let’s talk

All features included
Fixed price per month
Dedicated account manager
Integration support
Free onboarding






































hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close


























































