



TIMOTHY C. CARLSON, INC - MINNEAPOLIS, MN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MN



MINNEAPOLIS



Single-Family Housing Construction



Single-family Housing Construction



                            TIMOTHY C. CARLSON, INC
                                    



 





















T 


TIMOTHY C. CARLSON, INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



12021 9TH AVE NW MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55433
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated MN
 Annual Revenue $62,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Single-family Housing Construction
 Contacts TIMOTHY CARLSON






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2011 the company has been providing Single-family Housing Construction. Timothy C. Carlson, Inc is incorporated in Minnesota, has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $62,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























 





Timothy C Carlson - Preston, MD | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Timothy C Carlson in Preston, MD


Timothy C Carlson

                                                                           Intelius found that Timothy C Carlson  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Preston, MD.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Tim  Carlson


Get Report Now

Age

Timothy C Carlson is in his 50s

Timothy Has Lived In

Preston, MD
Bonney Lake, WA
Larsen Bay, AK

Timothy's Relatives

Janet Carlson
Jaron Carlson







Timothy C Carlson



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Sales at Corliss Resources Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Timothy? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Timothy, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Timothy C Carlson
Get a Criminal Check on Timothy C Carlson
Get a Public Record Report on Timothy C Carlson
Get a People Search Report on Timothy C Carlson


Timothy C Carlson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Timothy C Carlson has lived as well as Timothy C Carlson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Timothy C Carlson Has Lived in 3 States
Maryland Address for Timothy C Carlson


5566 H****** W**** D* 

Preston, MD


Has Lived In

Preston, MD
Bonney Lake, WA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Timothy C Carlson

(253) ***-**** - Bonney Lake, WA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Timothy C Carlson

l********n@***.com


Get Email Report




Timothy C Carlson's Professional Information
Information regarding Timothy C Carlson's professional history.  Find out previous places Timothy C Carlson has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Timothy C Carlson Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Corliss Resources Inc
               Title: Sales
Company: Valley Supply Company
               Title: Sales
Timothy C Carlson's Experience
Title: Sales
               Company: Corliss Resources Inc
Job Details
               Corliss Resources, Inc offers many types of gravel, sand and rock products that can be used in variety of applications. These products can be scheduled for delivery directly to your job site or you can pick it up from anyone of our plant locations (LINK to map). In certain situations, CRI can perform haul off or exporting services by removing from your job site certain soils, aggregate and concrete waste material. Truck rental is also available. For more specific information please contact Gravel Dispatch. Below is a summary of the products that CRI offers and some possible uses. If you are interested in a product that you do not see on this list, please call to check availability as this list is only a sampling of our products.
Title: Sales
               Company: Valley Supply Company
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Timothy C Carlson

 See Timothy C Carlson's LinkedIn Profile



Timothy C Carlson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Timothy C Carlson


Timothy C Carlson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Timothy C Carlson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Timothy Carlson
Username Matches

                  TimothyCarlson
                  CarlsonTimothy
                  Timothy.Carlson
                  Carlson.Timothy
                  Timothy_Carlson
                  Carlson_Timothy
                  Timothy-Carlson
                  Carlson-Timothy
                  TCarlson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Carlson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Timothy Carlson, Tronox Ltd: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg



































































  



























Feedback





Timothy Carlson

Senior VP/CFO,
Tronox Ltd






Career History




Senior VP/CFO
Tronox Ltd, 10/2016-PRESENT


Chief Financial Officer
Precision Valve Corp, 7/2015-9/2016


Exec VP/CFO/Treasurer
Entegris Professional Solutions Inc, 9/2007-7/2015


Sr Dir:BIO Marker Innovation
Norwestech Inc, 9/2011-3/2012


Sr Dir:BIO Marker Innovation
Pacific Biomarkers Inc, UNKNOWN-9/2011


Senior VP/General Manager
Entegris Professional Solutions Inc, 3/2007-9/2007


Senior VP:Business Dvpt
Entegris Professional Solutions Inc, 2005-3/2007


VP/Controller
Entegris Professional Solutions Inc, 2000-2005


Senior Dir:BIO Marker Innovation
Grandparents.Com Inc, 3/2012-UNKNOWN


Director
Campbell Soup Co, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.tronox.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1 Stamford Plaza
263 Tresser Blvd, Suite 1100
Stamford, CT 06901
United States


Phone:
1-203-705-3800


Fax:
1-203-705-3703


Web url:
www.tronox.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Wharton School of The University of Pennsylvania
Bachelor's Degree, Economics








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Public Accountant (CPA)









Memberships



Board Memberships




Tronox Ltd


Board Member, 6/2017-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Timothy C Carlson - Jamestown, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Timothy C Carlson in Jamestown, NY


Timothy C Carlson

                                                                           Intelius found that Timothy C Carlson  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Jamestown, NY.  We have connected them to
                20 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 8 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Tim  Carlson


Get Report Now

Age

Timothy C Carlson is in his 40s

Timothy Has Lived In

Jamestown, NY
Tampa, FL
Celoron, NY

Timothy's Relatives

Anne Carlson
Beverly Carlson
Rhonda Carlson
Sherwood Carlson







Timothy C Carlson



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vp - Finance at Lechase Construction Services LLC



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Timothy? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Timothy, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Timothy C Carlson
Get a Criminal Check on Timothy C Carlson
Get a Public Record Report on Timothy C Carlson
Get a People Search Report on Timothy C Carlson


Timothy C Carlson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Timothy C Carlson has lived as well as Timothy C Carlson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Timothy C Carlson Has Lived in 4 States
New York Address for Timothy C Carlson


244 S***** S* 

Jamestown, NY


Has Lived In

Jamestown, NY
Tampa, FL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Timothy C Carlson

(813) ***-**** - Tampa, FL 
(412) ***-**** - Pittsburgh, PA 
(716) ***-**** - Jamestown, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Timothy C Carlson

l********0@***.com


Get Email Report




Timothy C Carlson's Professional Information
Information regarding Timothy C Carlson's professional history.  Find out previous places Timothy C Carlson has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Timothy C Carlson Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Lechase Construction Services LLC
               Title: Vp - Finance
Timothy C Carlson's Experience
Title: Vp - Finance
               Company: Lechase Construction Services LLC
Job Details
               Privately Held; 501-1000 employees; Construction industry
Additional Professional Information on Timothy C Carlson

 See Timothy C Carlson's LinkedIn Profile



Timothy C Carlson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Timothy C Carlson


Timothy C Carlson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Timothy C Carlson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Timothy Carlson
Username Matches

                  TimothyCarlson
                  CarlsonTimothy
                  Timothy.Carlson
                  Carlson.Timothy
                  Timothy_Carlson
                  Carlson_Timothy
                  Timothy-Carlson
                  Carlson-Timothy
                  TCarlson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Carlson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.



















  Timothy C. Carlson : Tronox










































 

Tronox Alkali


Tronox Titanium Dioxide Regional Web Sites






Botlek, Netherlands



Perth, Australia








Contact Us




















Our Company
Products

Tronox Titanium Dioxide

Mineral Sands
Titanium Dioxide Pigment


Tronox Alkali
Electrolytic and Specialty Chemicals


Investor Relations
Newsroom
Sustainability
Careers






Timothy C. Carlson

SVP, Chief Financial Officer, and Director*
Mr. Carlson joined Tronox in October 2016. He leads the company’s global finance group, including treasury, financial planning, accounting, controller, risk management, compliance & audit, and investor relations. He also oversees the company’s global information technology group. Mr. Carlson previously served as the chief financial officer of a private equity-owned business where he led EBITDA improvement activities, improved internal controls, and standardized the company’s financial reporting and operating metrics. From September 2007 to May 2014, he was chief financial officer, and treasurer of ATMI, Inc., a publicly traded global supplier of semiconductor materials and materials packaging and delivery systems used in the manufacturing of microelectronics devices. Earlier in his career, Mr. Carlson held a series of global finance, strategic planning, and auditing roles at various divisions of Campbell Soup Company. Mr. Carlson holds a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from the University of Pennsylvania, Wharton School of Business and is a licensed certified public accountant.
Download Hi-Res Photo



  




Our Values
Corporate Citizenship Strategy
Leadership

Board of Directors
Leadership Team


Global Footprint

Interactive Map
Botlek, the Netherlands
Hamilton, Mississippi, U.S.
Henderson, Nevada, U.S.
KZN Sands, South Africa
Namakwa Sands, South Africa
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma USA
Perth, Australia
Tronox Alkali, Wyoming, USA


Office Locations

Corporate Offices
Tronox Titanium Dioxide

Pigment Offices
Mineral Sands


Tronox Alkali


Sales and Service

Tronox Titanium Dioxide

Pigment Sales
Mineral Sands Sales


Tronox Alkali Sales


Supplier Portal

Tronox Procurement
Supplier Standards
Data Storage Notice
Tronox Alkali Supplier Information


Contact Us









 





© 2017 Tronox LimitedAll rights reserved.





Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Site Map


























Carlson Timothy C | Minneapolis | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Carlson, Timothy C?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Carlson, Timothy C
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






C







BZ Score:
90







License # QB702188




Minneapolis, MN









Carlson, Timothy C




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary


Building
Permits
(1)



this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


Minneapolis

 
/


 best General Contractors in Minneapolis 

 



Updated: May 24, 2017





Overview

Carlson, Timothy C in Minneapolis, MN holds a Qualifying Builder  license (QB702188) according to the Minnesota license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.Their license (QB702188) was verified as active when we last checked. If you are thinking of hiring Carlson, Timothy C, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 






Project Types Offered



Commercial Construction
Other New Construction
Kitchen Addition
Bathroom Addition
Room Addition
Other Additions
Multi-Room Remodel
Kitchen Remodel
Bathroom Remodel
Basement Remodel
Commercial Renovation
Multi-Family Remodeling
Other Remodeling
Office Renovation
Restaurant Renovation
Retail Renovation
Other Tenant Improvement
Framing
Garage Construction






Contact




Street Address: 12021 9 Th Ave Nw, Minneapolis, MN 55433 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.








Notable Building Permits filed by Carlson, Timothy C




Sort by:
Notable
Notable
 | 
Date
Date
 | 
Job Value
Job Value




















Commercial multifamily



5933 Penn Ave S 55419, Minneapolis, MN, 55419
2004-04-15


Non-structural finish to non-habitable basement as finished space. frame partion (dmh) walls for utility and laundry rooms and finish perimeter with 2x framing, batt insulation,... see more



Valuation:

$4,100



Permit #:

BLDG224544



Status:

Closed



Fee:

$120



Permit Type:

Commercial



Building Type:

Single Family Det...















Similar Contractors
See more









9637 255th Ave, Zimmerman, MN 55398



Jorgenson Commercial Construction




License # BC373117


Zimmerman, MN







107

BZ Score


$120K
Avg Project 


125
Projects














Po Box 42, 12900 Tucker Rd, Rogers, MN 55374



Trinity Commercial Construction LLC




License # 20639063


Rogers, MN



5

2
ratings








104

BZ Score


$52.7K
Avg Project 


14
Projects














8478 Long Lake RD, Mounds View, MN 55112

(612) 255-4583 ext. 111


A Pane in the Glass Construction
 



License # BC634236


Mounds View, MN



5

3
ratings








133

BZ Score


$4K
Avg Project 


69
Projects






Featured Result







Carlson, Timothy C Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Carlson, Timothy C. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Carlson, Timothy C










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Carlson, Timothy C,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Carlson, Timothy C








107


Jorgenson Commercial Construction







104


Trinity Commercial Construction LLC








133


A Pane in the Glass Construction






Request a Quote







License info














Verified License


License #QB702188StatusActiveStateNew JerseyClassQUALIFYING BUILDER


BuildZoom verified this license was active as of April, 2017.Verify this license's status for Carlson, Timothy C at the New Jersey Department of Law & Public Safety.















Verified License


License #QB702188StatusActiveStateMinnesotaTypeQualifying Builder


BuildZoom verified this license was active as of April, 2017.Verify this license's status for Carlson, Timothy C at the Minnesota Department of Labor & Industry.















Verified License


License #QB702188StatusActiveStateMinnesotaTypeQualifying Builder


BuildZoom has not verified this license since December, 2015.Verify this license's status for Carlson, Timothy C at the Minnesota Department of Labor & Industry.












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor








Employees







Carlson, Timothy C
Owner


















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Minnesota:













Does Carlson, Timothy C carry a valid contracting license?



Licenses are required for all residential building contractors and residential remodelers who contract with a homeowner to construct or improve dwellings by offering more than one special skill. Owners working on their own property must also be licensed if they build or remodel for the sole purpose of speculation or resale.











How important is contractor licensing in Minnesota?



Contractors acting as sole proprietors, or qualifying persons for a construction related business entity, must pass a two part exam. The first section tests building code compliance knowledge. Section two tests a candidate's understanding of Minnesota business and law.











Your liability risk when hiring Carlson, Timothy C



Licensed contractors in Minnesota must carry both active workers' compensation and general liability insurance policies. Request a copy of the insurance certificate for each before any work begins. 











Financial recourse when hiring Carlson, Timothy C



The purpose of the Minnesota Contractor Recovery Fund is to compensate consumers who have suffered losses due to a licensed contractor's fraudulent, deceptive, or dishonest practices, conversion of funds, or failure to perform. All licensed contractors are required to pay a fee to the fund. The total amount that can be paid out against any one licensed contractor is $75,000. If multiple claims are filed against the same contractor, they are prorated. In these situations, you may not be able to recover your entire loss. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Minnesota, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Carlson, Timothy C
We will attempt to deliver your message to Carlson, Timothy C. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.



















































































 



 Tronox Board Elects Ilan Kaufthal Non-Executive Chairman 
         










    










 













 











 



















Tronox Board Elects Ilan Kaufthal Non-Executive Chairman
        																																																		
              

          Timothy C. Carlson appointed to fill Board vacancy
        
















 News provided by
Tronox Limited  
Jun 27, 2017, 18:32 ET









 Share this article




























































STAMFORD, Conn., June 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Tronox Limited (NYSE:   TROX) announced that its Board of Directors has elected its current independent lead director Ilan Kaufthal to serve as non-executive chairman of the board.  The board also appointed Timothy C. Carlson, senior vice president and chief financial officer of the company, to fill the vacancy created by the untimely passing of former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Thomas Casey on May 26, 2017.  Mr. Carlson is expected to step-down as a director upon the closing of the acquisition of Cristal's TiO2 business when Cristal will be entitled to nominate two Class A directors. 








As previously announced, the board has retained Korn Ferry to conduct the search for a permanent chief executive officer and will consider internal and external candidates. On June 27, 2017, the board formed a special ad-hoc succession committee to oversee the search process. Ilan Kaufthal will serve as chairman of the succession committee.
"We are grateful that Ilan has agreed to serve as non-executive chairman of the board and chairman of the succession committee during this period of transition for the company," said Peter Johnston, CEO of Tronox.  "We will benefit immensely from Ilan's significant M&A experience and leadership skills as we work to complete our pending acquisition of Cristal's TiO2 business and the process of selling our Alkali business; we are, of course, also grateful to Ilan for leading our search for a permanent chief executive officer.  We also thank Tim for taking on the added responsibility of being a director as we seek to fill permanently the vacancy created by Tom's passing."  
Mr. Kaufthal added: "As non-executive chairman, I intend to engage actively with Peter, Tim, the rest of the management team and the company's advisors to ensure the successful completion of our pending transaction with Cristal and our Alkali sale process and oversee the planning for the post-closing integration of Cristal and Tronox's TiO2 businesses.  At the same time, I expect to continue my work with my fellow directors to conduct our CEO search.  I am excited about the future of the company." 
Biographical Information
Ilan Kaufthal
Mr. Kaufthal has served as a director of the company since February 2011 and as lead independent director since September 2016.  He is chairman of East Wind Advisors, a specialized investment banking firm serving companies in the media, education and information industries. Mr. Kaufthal is currently a director of Quinpario Acquisition Corp 2, a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a business combination; and Cambrex Corporation, a supplier to the pharmaceutical industries. Earlier in his career, he was vice chairman of investment banking at Bear Stearns & Co., vice chairman and head of mergers and acquisitions at Schroder & Co., and senior vice president and chief financial officer of NL Industries. Mr. Kaufthal is a graduate of Columbia University and the New York University Graduate School of Business Administration. 
Timothy C. Carlson
Mr. Carlson currently serves as senior vice president and chief financial officer of the company, and has done so since October 2016.  Prior to this position, he served as chief financial officer of Precision Valve Corporation since July 2015, where he led EBITDA improvement activities, improved internal controls, and standardized the company's financial reporting and operating metrics.  From September 2007 to May 2014, Mr. Carlson served as the executive vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer of ATMI, Inc., a publicly traded global supplier of semiconductor materials and materials packaging and delivery systems used in the manufacturing of microelectronics devices.  Earlier in his career, Mr. Carlson held a series of global finance, strategic planning, and auditing roles at various divisions of Campbell Soup Company.  Mr. Carlson holds a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from the University of Pennsylvania, Wharton School of Business and is a licensed certified public accountant.
About TronoxTronox Limited is a global leader in the mining, production and marketing of inorganic minerals and chemicals. The company operates two vertically integrated businesses: Tronox Titanium Dioxide (TiO2) and Tronox Alkali. For more information, visit tronox.com
Media Contact: Bud GrebeyDirect: +1.203.705.3721Mobile: +1.203.219.5222
Investor Contact: Brennen ArndtDirect: +1.203.705.3722
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tronox-board-elects-ilan-kaufthal-non-executive-chairman-300480806.html
SOURCE Tronox Limited
 Related Links

http://www.tronox.com



 

















Jul 05, 2017, 16:30 ET
Preview: Tronox Increases Soda Ash Prices















May 26, 2017, 16:15 ET
Preview: Tronox Reports The Passing Of Board Chairman And Former CEO Tom Casey






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 20, 2017, 16:01 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Tronox Limited Posts 2016 GRI Report








 











Jul 12, 2017, 16:02 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Tronox Announces Dates For Second Quarter Financial Results &...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Mining
  Mining & Metals
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Tronox Board Elects Ilan Kaufthal Non-Executive Chairman


 News provided by
Tronox Limited  
Jun 27, 2017, 18:32 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Sitemap  - Salary.com







































Enterprise
Small Business
Personal


Contact Us
Log In































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice













Sitemap 





  


Salary

US Salary Wizard
Purchase a Salary Report
Browse by Category
Browse by Income
Popular Salaries
Canadian Salary Wizard
Negotiation Tips
Trends
Benefits Calculator
Benefits Information
Executive Pay Wizard
Employment & Labor News


Job Search

Search Job Openings
Job Comparison Tool
Browse Jobs by State
Browse by Category
Resume Advice
Job Alert Emails
Interview Techniques
Networking
Personal Branding
Unemployment
Popular Job Searches


Education

Education Finder
Browse by Career
Browse by Level
Browse by Major
College Tuition Planner
Higher-Education
Vocational Education
Training & Certification
Trade Shows & Conferences
Internships





 


Career Development

Archetype Test
Performance Self-Test
Career Profiles
Performance Reviews
Management Advice


Work & Life

Cost of Living Calculator
Cost of Living News
Relocating for Work
Work/Life Balance
Get Organized
Office Politics
Investing Wisely
Volunteering


Features

Salary Talk Podcast
Dream Jobs
Ask The Salary Expert
Office Etiquette
 Mom Salary Wizard
 Dad Salary Wizard
 The Executive Presence Blog
 Boost Your Work/Life Balance
 The Salary Tutor
 Get Interviews
 Personality Style at Work
 Awesomize Me
 Dollars & $ense Job Search
 Green Notes
 Job Channel Network
Glossary







Product Overviews


Data Subscriptions
Job Pricing Reports


Articles


HR Articles
Compensation
Defining a Job
Hiring Employees
Measuring Performance
Leadership 
Running a Business
Leadership
Organization
Finance



































     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













SpyFly


































































Spy Fly
















facebook
twitter
google_plus




Member Login



 




Find Out Everything
Quick and easy public record checks









First Name



Last Name



Select a State

- Select State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming 














Phone and Email Records
SpyFly strives to provide accurate and up-to-date phone and email records  that you can rely on. 
View Records


Address History
SpyFly's address history lists current and past locations featuring an interactive map.
View Records


Career, Lifestyle, and More
With SpyFly you can access career and lifestyle info, relatives, associates, and much more.
View Records






DISCLAIMER: SpyFly provides affordable, immediate access to public record information. It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information contained on our website to make decisions about employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly does not provide private investigator services, consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Please be EXTREMELY careful when reviewing a person’s criminal history. Please DO NOT use this information without further investigating the accuracy of the information. The information available on our website may not be complete, accurate, or current. For more information, please review SpyFly Terms of Use.
 










WARNING!
The website you are about to access contains public records that may include phone numbers, email addresses, contact information, address history, careeer info, relatives, associates, and criminal records (DUI/DWI, felonies, misdemeanors, theft, sex crimes, etc.). 
					
					By clicking "Continue" you agree to not use our service or our information to make decisions about  employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
					

Continue

open lightbox
open lightbox



Creating private search...


1. Your Search is private 
2. We never notify the person you are searching 
3. We don't share search history with third-parties 

Establishing a private connection




Connecting to secure GEO database...




.


Optimizing Network Connection



Accessing Secure Connection...



Connecting to Federal, State, and County databases...



Establishing Privacy Protocol. Your search will be anonymous...








One Moment...



Ready to Search all available databases

Continue







Searching for   of ...
Please wait while we retrieve city, county, and state records.









Initiating Nationwide Search...
Searching through millions of public records 



Screening State and County Archives...
Identifying possible subjects that match search criteria...



Downloading matches from Database... 
Isolating possible subject matches




facebook

Person A, Somewhere
Testimonial One...



facebook

Person B, Somewhere
Testimonial Two...



facebook

Person C, Somewhere
Testimonial Three...




SEARCH COMPLETE!


Please enter your email address below to immediately view results











Privacy Policy | 
			Terms of Use




SEARCH COMPLETE!







 