


Cartiva
































































                    About Cartiva
                






Management
Board
Investors
News
Careers




Central to the success of any medical device company is a team of experienced leaders with a proven track record of success. Cartiva has built an exceptionally talented management team of executives with significant experience in developing and commercializing innovative medical devices and building successful companies.







Timothy  Patrick
President and CEO
Tim is the President, Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of Cartiva. Tim has over 30 years of successful leadership experience in general management and product commercialization in the medical device industry. Prior to founding Cartiva, Tim was President and CEO of Proxima Therapeutics, Inc., a medical device company that developed and marketed innovative local radiation delivery systems for the treatment of solid cancerous tumors. Proxima was acquired by Cytyc Corporation in March 2005.
Prior to co-founding Proxima Therapeutics in 1996, Tim was President of Gesco International, the leading manufacturer of peripherally inserted central venous catheters, acquired by C.R. Bard. Before serving as President of Gesco International, he ran two high growth divisions for McGaw Inc., an infusion equipment and drug delivery company which was acquired by B. Braun. He also held a number of sales and sales management positions at American Hospital Supply Corporation.
Tim has served on the Board of Directors of the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed), the Board of the Georgia Tech Coulter Grant Committee and on the Board of Georgia Bio. Tim is an inventor on a number of medical device patents. He earned his BA in Zoology from Miami University in Ohio.









Richard  Knostman
Vice President, Operations
Rick has been Vice President, Operations of Cartiva since its founding. From 2001 until joining Cartiva, Rick was the Vice President, Operations for Proxima Therapeutics, Inc., a medical device company that developed and marketed innovative local radiation delivery systems for the treatment of solid cancerous tumors. Proxima was acquired by Cytyc Corporation in March 2005.
Prior to joining Proxima, Rick served as Division Vice President of Operations for Bard Access Systems, the world’s leading manufacturer of vascular access catheters and ports and a division of C.R. Bard, Inc. Prior to his position with Bard, he was Vice President of Operations for Gesco International, a division of MedChem Products that was acquired by Bard in 1996. Rick also worked at Baxter Healthcare Corporation for 17 years, serving in positions that included plant manager, division planning manager and production manager.
An inventor on several patents, Rick earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Microbiology from the University of Arizona, Tucson.









Deborah  Moore
Vice President, Regulatory, Quality & Clinical Affairs
Debbie has been Vice President, Regulatory, Quality & Clinical Affairs of Cartiva since its founding. Debbie has 25 years of experience in developing regulatory and clinical strategy, designing clinical trials and obtaining regulatory approvals and clearances for novel therapeutic technologies. From 1998 until joining Cartiva, Debbie was Vice President, Regulatory, Quality, and Clinical Affairs for Proxima Therapeutics, Inc., a medical device company that developed and marketed innovative local radiation delivery systems for the treatment of solid cancerous tumors. Proxima was acquired by Cytyc Corporation in March 2005.
Prior to joining Proxima, she served as the Director of Regulatory and Clinical Affairs for Dornier Medical Systems, a leader in urologic medical devices. She successfully managed Dornier’s regulatory submissions, multi-center clinical trials and quality system.
Prior to joining Dornier, she was responsible for regulatory and quality affairs at Technomed International, a leader in microwave technology for benign prostatic hyperplasia that was later acquired by EDAP TMS SA. Debbie earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics from Simmons College and a Bachelor of Science degree in Biomedical Engineering from Boston University.









Peter  Pizzo
Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer
Peter has been Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Cartiva since its founding. From 2002 until joining Cartiva, Peter was the Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Proxima Therapeutics, Inc., a medical device company that developed and marketed innovative local radiation delivery systems for the treatment of solid cancerous tumors. Proxima was acquired by Cytyc Corporation in March 2005.
Prior to joining Proxima, he served in senior financial positions with Serologicals Corporation, a $150 million publicly traded provider of biological products to life science companies, the last two years as Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. He previously served as Vice President of Administration and Controller of ValueMark Healthcare Systems, Inc., a privately held owner-operator of psychiatric hospitals, and in various senior financial positions at Hallmark Healthcare Corporation, a publicly traded hospital management company.
Peter currently serves on the board of Alimera Sciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: ALIM) an ophthalmic pharmaceutical company, where he chairs the audit committee and is a member of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Peter earned a Bachelor of Science with Special Attainments in Commerce from Washington and Lee University.









Carribeth  Ramey
Vice President, Engineering and Cartiva Manufacturing
Carribeth has been Vice President, Engineering of Cartiva since June 2014. She joined Cartiva as Director, Engineering and was promoted to vice president in May 2014. From 2001 until joining Cartiva, Carribeth was Senior Product Development Engineer at Proxima Therapeutics, Inc., a medical device company that developed and marketed innovative local radiation delivery systems for the treatment of solid cancerous tumors. Proxima was acquired by Cytyc Corporation in March 2005.
Prior to joining Proxima, Carribeth held research engineering positions at CryoLife Incorporated, focusing on biomaterial and xenograft heart valve development in the areas of hydrodynamics and biomechanics. Carribeth is an inventor on several patents related to automated injection systems and others related to localized radiation delivery systems. Carribeth earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from The Georgia Institute of Technology and was inducted into the Georgia Institute of Technology’s Council of Outstanding Young Engineering Alumni.









Bobby  Singer
Vice President, Sales
Bobby has been Vice President, Sales of Cartiva since its acquisition of SaluMedica, LLC in 2008. SaluMedica developed the Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant using its proprietary biomaterial technology. Bobby joined SaluMedica as Vice President of Sales in 2004 focusing on international growth. In 2007, he was promoted to President and became a member of the company’s Board of Directors.
Prior to joining SaluMedica, Bobby served as Vice President of Sales for Horizon Medical Products Inc., a manufacturer and distributor of general and vascular surgery products used in the treatment of oncology patients. Before leading worldwide sales, he held positions as National Sales Manager, Regional Sales Manager and early in his 15 years with Horizon, covered the Georgia territory as a sales representative.
Bobby earned his Bachelor of Arts in Communication from Mercer University.









Katie  Strother
Vice President, Medical Education
Katie has been Vice President, Medical Education since November 2016. Prior to her current role, she served as Cartiva’s Director, Clinical Affairs since joining Cartiva in 2008.  Katie has over 15 years of experience in global clinical trial development, execution and management.  She has significant therapeutic trial experience including orthopaedic devices, oncology, transplant, neurology and endocrinology.
Prior to joining Cartiva, Katie served as a Project Manager for Clinimetrics Research Associates, a full service Contract Research Organization (CRO) focused on study management for biotechnology and early stage pharmaceutical and medical device companies.  At Clinimetrics, she successfully managed Phase II and Phase III global multi-center clinical trials for one of the Top 20 pharmaceutical and biotech companies in the world.  Prior to joining Clinimetrics, Katie held clinical research positions with Quintiles, Emory University, Atlanta Veteran’s Administration Medical Center and the Kerr L. White Institute for Health Services Research.
Katie earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business/Economics and International Relations from Agnes Scott College.








Cartiva’s board of directors consists of leading investors, industry experts and researchers who have successful track records with numerous medical device, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.






Barbara  Boyan, Ph.D.
Dean, School of Engineering
Virginia Commonwealth University
Barbara, a Cartiva director since 2011, is Professor and the Alice T. and William H. Goodwin Chair in Biomedical Engineering and Dean, School of Engineering at the Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, VA.  In addition, she is an emeritus professor in the Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering at Georgia Tech and Emory University where she held the Price Gilbert, Jr. Chair in Tissue Engineering from 2002 until 2012.
Barbara was a Georgia Research Alliance Eminent Scholar and Associate Dean for Research and Innovation in the College of Engineering of the Georgia Institute of Technology.  She was also director of the Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta’s Center for Pediatric Healthcare Technology Innovation, the Atlanta Pediatric Device Consortium and Georgia Tech’s Translational Research Institute for Biomedical Engineering and Science.  Barbara is a past chair of the Orthopaedic Device Panel of the FDA and a past president of the American Association of Dental Research.  She is a Fellow in the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the American Institute of Mechanical and Biomedical. 
Barbara holds a B.A., M.A. and Ph.D. in biology from Rice University. 






Ryan  Drant
Founder & Managing Director
Questa Capital Management
Ryan, a director since 2011, is the Founder and Managing Director of Questa Capital, a healthcare-focused private investment firm. From 1996 to 2016 Ryan was a partner at New Enterprise Associates, where he served as a general partner, head of the healthcare investing team and a member of NEA’s management committee. Prior to NEA, he was in the corporate finance group at Alex. Brown & Sons and started his career at Arthur Andersen & Co. Ryan is a four-time nominee to the Forbes Midas List of top venture capital investors. In addition to Cartiva, he is currently a director of Carticept Medical, Intrinsic Therapeutics, Moximed, NeoTract, Radiology Partners, Solace Therapeutics, SyncHR and Spine Wave. Ryan also serves on the board of the Medical Device Manufacturers Association. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Stanford University.






Justin  Klein
Partner
New Enterprise Associates (NEA)
Justin, a director since 2013, joined NEA in 2006 and is a Partner on the healthcare team. He focuses on medical device, healthcare technology and biopharmaceutical company investments.  He serves as a director of Advanced Cardiac Therapeutics,  FIRE1, Intact Vascular, Personal Genome Diagnostics, PhaseBio Pharmaceuticals, Relievant Medsystems, Senseonics (NYSE: SENS), VertiFlex, and VytronUS. He is also a member of the advisory boards for the National Venture Capital Association’s Medical Industry Group and its Medical Innovation and Competitiveness Coalition (MedIC), as well as a member of AdvaMed's Business Development Committee.
Prior to NEA, Justin worked for the Duke University Health System—reporting directly to the hospital CEO on health system strategy, finance and clinical service unit operations—as Duke built one of the nation's first and largest healthcare integrated delivery systems. Justin concurrently earned his MD from the Duke University School of Medicine and his JD from Harvard Law School. He has also served as a member of the Board of Trustees of Duke University, where he earned his AB in Economics and his BS in Biological Anthropology and Anatomy.






Bob  More
Managing Director
Alta Partners
Bob, a director since 2011, joined Alta Partners, a leading life sciences venture capital firm, in October 2015. From July 2013 until July 2015, Bob was a Senior Advisor for the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and led the “Global Health Venture Initiative.” From 2008 until he joined the Gates Foundation, he was a General Partner and a member of the Biopharma Venture team at Frazier Healthcare. Prior to Frazier Healthcare, Bob was a Partner with Domain Associates, having joined the firm in 1996 as a Kauffman Fellow and becoming a Partner in 2000.
From 1997 to1998, Bob served as the Chief Operating Officer of Small Molecule Therapeutics, a Domain portfolio company subsequently purchased by Morphochem AG., and from 1992 to 1995, was in sales at Pharmacia Biotech. Prior to joining Pharmacia, Bob held a research position at Somatogen, a company developing a recombinant blood substitute that was subsequently bought by Baxter. While attending business school, Mr. More worked with MedVest, an early-stage venture group in Washington, D.C. Bob serves as an advisory board member for Greenspring Associates, Okapi Ventures, The Medical Industry Group of the NVCA and The Sulpizio Family Cardiovascular Center.
He is also a past founding board member of the Kauffman Fellows Program. Bob received his M.B.A. from the Darden School of Business Administration at the University of Virginia and a B.A. from Middlebury College.






Timothy  Patrick
President and Chief Executive Officer
Cartiva, Inc.







Eric  Stookey
Chief Operating Officer
OsteoRemedies, LLC
Eric, a director since January 2015, has been Chief Operating Officer of OsteoRemedies, LLC, a company with the first FDA-cleared modular system for two-stage revision of infected hip and knee total joints, since March of 2015. Prior to joining OsteoRemedies, Eric served as the President of the Extremities & Biologics division at Wright Medical Group, Inc. (Nasdaq:WMGI) until August 2014. Eric served in various other marketing and sales positions at Wright Medical Group, Inc. since 1995, including as the Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer from January 2010 to November 2011, as the Vice President North American Sales from 2007 to January 2010, as the Vice President US Sales from 2005 until 2007, as the Senior Director of Sales, Central Region, from 2003 to 2005 and as the Director of Marketing for Large Joint Reconstruction Products from 2001 to 2003. He was also employed by DePuy Orthopedics, Inc. from 1993 to 1995.
Eric, who earned his Masters of Business Administration degree from Christian Brothers University and his Bachelor of Science degree in Business from the Indiana University School of Business, currently serves on the board of Amedica Corporation (Nasdaq:AMDA), a biomaterial company focused on silicon nitride ceramics.












New Enterprise Associates, Inc. (NEA) is a global venture capital firm focused on helping entrepreneurs build transformational businesses across multiple stages, sectors and geographies. With nearly $17 billion in cumulative committed capital since inception, NEA invests in technology and healthcare companies at all stages in a company’s lifecycle, from seed stage through IPO. The firm's long track record of successful investing includes more than 200 portfolio company IPOs and more than 320 acquisitions.









Founded in 2006, Windham Venture Partners is a New York City based venture capital firm focused on healthcare technology, with a particular emphasis on medical technology (devices and diagnostics) and digital health (the intersection of healthcare and information technology). Windham seeks to invest in and partner with companies that are commercializing game-changing technologies to serve unmet needs in order to improve the lives of large numbers of patients and yield robust returns for its investors.









PRESS RELEASES
IN THE NEWS




2017
2016
2015





July 10, 2017

Cartiva, Inc., Announces Multiple Presentations at American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society Annual Meeting 2017



April 25, 2017

Cartiva, Inc., Announces Completion of Patient Enrollment and Treatment in Study of Cartiva® Synthetic Cartilage Implant for Pain Associated with Osteoarthritis of the Thumb



March 13, 2017

Cartiva Announces Publication of 5 Year Clinical Data on Treating Great Toe Arthritis With Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant 



January 10, 2017

Cartiva, Inc. Announces Financing Transactions







July 12, 2016

Cartiva, Inc. Announces First US Procedure for FDA Approved Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant



July 05, 2016

Cartiva, Inc. Announces FDA Premarket Approval for Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant



May 17, 2016

Cartiva Announces Publication of Results of Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant Pivotal Study



April 21, 2016

Cartiva, Inc. Announces Positive FDA Advisory Committee Review of Cartiva SCI



February 15, 2016

Cartiva Announces First UK Patient Treated in Study of Cartiva® SCI for Pain Associated with Osteoarthritis of the Thumb



February 08, 2016

Cartiva, Inc. Announces Tentative Date of FDA Advisory Panel Review of Cartiva SCI







October 26, 2015

Cartiva Announces GMP Certification by Brazil's ANVISA



September 24, 2015

Cartiva Announces First Patient Treated in Study of Cartiva® Synthetic Cartilage Implant for Pain Associated with Osteoarthritis of the Thumb



September 10, 2015

Cartiva Announces First Patient Enrolled in ProxiFuse Post Market Study



July 16, 2015

Cartiva Announces Positive Final Data from its Cartiva SCI Pivotal Trial for Great Toe Arthritis



June 08, 2015

Cartiva Announces First Human Implant of ProxiFuse™ Hammertoe Compression System



May 11, 2015

Cartiva, Inc. Closes $8.5 Million Financing



May 04, 2015

Cartiva Announces Submission of Final Module of PMA Application for Cartiva SCI



January 07, 2015

Cartiva Announces 510(k) Clearance for ProxiFuse™ Hammertoe Correction System








July 26, 2017

Synthetic Cartilage Offers Relief From Osteoarthritis

CBS News


July 26, 2017

Synthetic Cartilage Offers Relief From Osteoarthritis

CBS New York


June 19, 2017

New implant offers long-term treatment for arthritis

KMSP Fox 9 Minneapolis


May 12, 2017

Moving the Market with a First-in-Class Motion-Preserving Toe Implant

The MedTech Strategist


May 05, 2017

Fixing Painful Toe Joints with Cartiva, First Synthetic Cartilage Implant

ABC 6 Philadelphia, PA


May 01, 2017

Medical Director at Silver Cross Hospital Back to Work Four Days After Foot Surgery




April 17, 2017

Thumb operation that means you can button shirts and open jars again 

DailyMail.com


April 06, 2017

This Synthetic Cartilage Can Give Arthritis Sufferers a Full Range of Motion

Bloomberg Businessweek


March 20, 2017

'Synthetic' cartilage is now an option for big-toe arthritis sufferers

Detroit Free Press


March 14, 2017

Medical Breakthroughs: Cartiva Toe Joint Replacement

Ivanhoe Newswire


March 13, 2017

New Arthritis Treatment Could be a "Game-Changer"

NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt


February 20, 2017

New procedure helps treat big toe arthritis

WBAL Baltimore


January 20, 2017

New procedure takes away foot pain caused by osteoarthritis

Fox 32 Chicago


November 09, 2016

New 'toe implant' helps injured athletes stay active

WRAL.com


November 02, 2016

Small implant relieves big toe pain

Duke Health


July 29, 2016

Implant provides hope for the limping

McKnight's


July 12, 2016

First-of-its-kind foot surgery performed at Strong Memorial Hospital

RochesterFirst










                        Cartiva, Inc. is a private medical device company based in the northern Atlanta suburb of Alpharetta, Georgia. Our team consists of highly-skilled professionals
                        who are dedicated to improving the quality of life of patients with osteoarthritis, cartilage damage and other musculoskeletal conditions.
                    

                        Our work environment is highly collaborative and our employees drive Cartiva’s friendly, fast-paced and energetic environment. We offer an engaging, small,
                        entrepreneurial environment, which allows individuals to contribute, learn, grow and develop. We are always looking for motivated individuals who are interested
                        in growth opportunities to join our vibrant team.
                    






                                     Production Operator
                                



                                            Post Date:
                                        

                                            Thursday, May 25, 2017
                                        

                                            Job Summary:
                                        

The Production Operator accomplishes various detailed production functions, including execution of preventative maintenance activities; execution of environmental monitoring activities; assembling products or sub-assemblies according to written instructions and drawings; operating hand or power tools and production equipment; and performing labeling and packaging activities for finished devices.
 


More...







                                     Medical Education and Sales Assistant
                                



                                            Post Date:
                                        

                                            Monday, June 26, 2017
                                        

                                            Job Summary:
                                        

The Marketing and Sales assistant supports the work of the VP of Medical Education and the VP of Sales via sales and marketing activities and medical education campaigns. This position will report directly to the VP, Medical Education and indirectly to the VP of Sales and will work closely with both the managers and executives and field sales team to provide organizational and administrative support for the day to day sales and medical education related activities and operations.  The primary function of medical education is to provide clinical and technical support for physicians and other internal and external parties.  In a medical device company, this type of educational support is the foundation of and serves as the primary marketing vehicle for the company. The position may include up to 10% travel in support of company meetings. 


More...







                                     Staff Accountant
                                



                                            Post Date:
                                        

                                            Tuesday, July 11, 2017
                                        

                                            Job Summary:
                                        

The Staff Accountant will be responsible for performing general accounting functions for the company and while supporting the Corporate Controller in carrying out the responsibilities of the Finance/Accounting department.  This requires familiarization with the operations and procedures of the company as well as a constant level of communication with other departments. 


More...







                                     Eastern Regional Sales Manager
                                



                                            Post Date:
                                        

                                            Wednesday, July 26, 2017
                                        

                                            Job Summary:
                                        

The Regional Sales Manager initial responsibility is to develop an expertise of the Cartiva product line, surgical procedure and key clinical data pertaining to MTP devices to effectively communicate with new surgeon adopters. Maintaining key relationships with orthopaedic surgeons in the foot and ankle space is essential to meeting the company's revenue growth goals.  Other primary responsibilities include managing regional sales distributors and sales professionals.
 


More...






































Cartiva Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























cartiva inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Health Care Facilities & Svcs
Sub-Industry: Health Care Supply Chain
Cartiva Inc. manufactures medical products. The Company produces cartilage implants, synthetic polymers, and hydrogels for cartilage repair and joints relief. Cartiva serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

6120 Windward Parkway
Suite 220
Alpharetta, GA 30005
United States


Phone:
1-770-754-3800


Fax:
1-770-754-3808


Web url:
www.cartiva.net























From The Web












0849055D News


Press Releases




This Synthetic Cartilage Can Give Arthritis Sufferers a Full Range of Motion

Apr 06, 2017





Cartiva, Inc., Announces Multiple Presentations at American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society Annual Meeting 2017

Jul 10, 2017



Cartiva, Inc., Announces Completion of Patient Enrollment and Treatment in Study of Cartiva® Synthetic Cartilage Implant for

Apr 25, 2017







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Cartiva
































































Apr 25, 2017

                    Cartiva, Inc., Announces Completion of Patient Enrollment and Treatment in Study of Cartiva® Synthetic Cartilage Implant for Pain Associated with Osteoarthritis of the Thumb
                








Alpharetta, GA, April 25, 2017 – Cartiva, Inc. (Company), a developer of innovative products for treating cartilage damage and osteoarthritis, announced today that it has completed enrollment and treatment of all 50 patients in a multi-center study evaluating the safety and effectiveness of Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant (SCI) for first carpometacarpal (CMC) joint osteoarthritis at the base of the thumb.  The study was conducted at nine sites in Canada and the United Kingdom.  Basal thumb arthritis is estimated to afflict more than two million American adults, and up to one-third of post-menopausal women.
Cartiva SCI is a proprietary biocompatible polymer device designed to mimic natural cartilage.  In July 2016, the Company received Premarket Approval from the FDA for use of Cartiva SCI in the treatment of osteoarthritis at the base of the great toe.  The thumb implant treats osteoarthritis in patients with diseased or damaged articular surface in the first CMC joint. It is implanted in the metacarpal base to replace damaged cartilage without destroying or removing healthy tissue.  The implant’s design minimizes bone resection while preserving the trapezium.  This may provide a quicker, less painful recovery than ligament reconstruction tendon interposition (LRTI) surgery or trapeziectomy.
In late February the Company attended a pre-submission meeting with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to discuss this new indication. The Company will review the interim six-month results at an investigator meeting next month.
Mr. Philip Sauve, MB BS, FRCSEd (Tr&Ortho) a Consultant Trauma and Orthopaedic Surgeon at Queen Alexandra Hospital in Portsmouth, England who has treated twelve patients with Cartiva, said “So far we have had good results. Their pain is reducing, their grip strength is increasing and so their function is improving. These early results are very promising but we will have to wait to see how the Cartiva implant performs over a longer period of time. For that group of patients who are maybe still working and still very active, I think it's a really good option."
“Cartiva SCI for CMC is a unique product that could greatly benefit patients suffering from this debilitating condition,” said Mr. L. Christopher Bainbridge, MB ChB, FRCSEd, Consultant Hand and Peripheral Nerve Surgeon, Pulvertaft Hand Centre, Royal Derby Hospital, and Chief UK Investigator of the study. “With treatment complete, we are now focused on patient follow-up and data analysis.”
“Completion of on-time enrollment was an important milestone for the Company” said Tim Patrick, president and CEO, Cartiva, Inc. “We look forward to working with FDA to make Cartiva SCI for CMC available in the United States for this promising indication.”
Osteoarthritis of the CMC Joint
Osteoarthritis of the CMC joint--- also known as thumb basal joint arthritis,---is a debilitating condition impacting 8% to 12% of the general population and as many as 33% of postmenopausal women.   It  causes pain, swelling, instability, deformity, loss of motion and weakness, making it difficult to perform a variety of tasks, such as turning doorknobs and opening jars. Current surgical options for later-stage patients for fail conservative treatments include joint fusion, total or partial trapeziectomy, arthroplasty, or LRTI (ligament reconstruction and tendon interposition) which has been done for more than 40 years. 
About Cartiva, Inc. Based in Alpharetta, Ga., Cartiva, Inc. develops and markets innovative solutions for patients with cartilage damage and osteoarthritis. Cartiva’s venture investors include New Enterprise Associates and Windham Venture Partners. Additional information is available on the company’s website at www.cartiva.net.
 
###





Back to List





























Cartiva, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 9:47 PM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Cartiva, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Cartiva, Inc. develops and markets medical device solutions for orthopedic surgeons and their patients. The company offers Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant (SCI), an organic polymer-based biomaterial and a hydrogel implant to mimic natural cartilage; and replace the damaged cartilage surface of arthritic joints, such as the first metatarsophalangeal joint of the foot, the ankle, and the knee. Its Cartiva SCI restores the natural joint structure in order to relieve pain and provide normal function. The company’s product also includes ProxiFuse Hammertoe Correction System that is designed for use in the fixation of osteotomies and reconstruction of the lesser toes following correction proce...
Cartiva, Inc. develops and markets medical device solutions for orthopedic surgeons and their patients. The company offers Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant (SCI), an organic polymer-based biomaterial and a hydrogel implant to mimic natural cartilage; and replace the damaged cartilage surface of arthritic joints, such as the first metatarsophalangeal joint of the foot, the ankle, and the knee. Its Cartiva SCI restores the natural joint structure in order to relieve pain and provide normal function. The company’s product also includes ProxiFuse Hammertoe Correction System that is designed for use in the fixation of osteotomies and reconstruction of the lesser toes following correction procedures for hammertoe, claw toe, and mallet toe. Its products help physicians treat osteoarthritis and cartilage injuries, and the related pain. Cartiva, Inc. sells its products through distributors in São Paulo, Brazil; Halifax, Canada; and Sheffield, United Kingdom. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Alpharetta, Georgia. Cartiva, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Carticept Medical, Inc.
Detailed Description


6120 Windward ParkwaySuite 220Alpharetta, GA 30005United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 770-754-3800

Fax: 770-754-3808

www.cartiva.net







Key Executives for Cartiva, Inc.




Mr. Timothy J. Patrick


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      








Mr. Peter J. Pizzo III


      	Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance
      


Age: 51
        







Ms. Deborah J. Moore


      	Vice President of Regulatory, Quality & Clinical Affairs
      








Ms. Katie E. Strother


      	Director of Clinical Affairs
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Cartiva, Inc. Key Developments

Cartiva, Inc. Announces the Publication of Five-Year Data for Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant
Mar 13 17
Cartiva, Inc. announced the publication of five-year data for Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant (SCI) in the March issue of Foot and Ankle International, the peer-reviewed journal of the American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society. Key findings of the paper include: Patients experienced durable pain relief, achieving a 91% mean reduction in pain at 5 years, Functional improvement was sustained with patients demonstrating a 128% mean improvement in sporting activities, patients experienced a 42% improvement in range of motion from baseline and patients exhibited a high rate of satisfaction with the treatment. Cartiva SCI is intended to treat painful arthritis at the base of the toe---known as hallux rigidus --- the most common arthritic condition in the foot. The current standard of care fuses the arthritic joint bones with screws and plates. While effective at eliminating pain, it permanently prevents movement of the joint. Cartiva SCI is a biocompatible polymer implant designed to have physical properties similar to articular cartilage. Damaged cartilage is replaced with a small Cartiva SCI implant that provides a compressible, durable, low-friction surface.


Cartiva, Inc. Presents at Canaccord Genuity2017 Musculoskeletal Conference, Mar-14-2017 01:00 PM
Mar 1 17
Cartiva, Inc. Presents at Canaccord Genuity2017 Musculoskeletal Conference, Mar-14-2017 01:00 PM. Venue: Westin San Diego, San Diego, California, United States.


Musculoskeletal Clinical Regulatory Advisers, LLC Assists Cartiva, Inc. with Obtaining FDA PMA Approval for the Company's Synthetic Cartilage Implant (SCI)
Jul 20 16
Musculoskeletal Clinical Regulatory Advisers, LLC (MCRA) announced its role in the successful Premarket Approval (PMA) application decision by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to approve Cartiva, Inc.'s Synthetic Cartilage Implant (SCI) for the treatment of osteoarthritis in the first metatarsophalangeal (MTP) joint. The Cartiva SCI is the first hydrogel polymer implant to replace a joint articulating surface ever approved by the FDA and the first PMA for any product in the forefoot. This is the ninth successful PMA in which MCRA has assisted a client since 2006, including the only three lower extremity PMAs.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 .decimal, Inc. United States 20/20 GeneSystems Inc. United States 20/20 Imaging LLC United States 21st Century Scientific, Inc. United States 21X Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 9, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cartiva, Inc., please visit www.cartiva.net.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 



Cartiva, Inc. Announces FDA Premarket Approval for Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant | Business Wire


























































Cartiva, Inc. Announces FDA Premarket Approval for Cartiva Synthetic 
      Cartilage Implant






First PMA Approved Alternative to Fusion for Arthritis of the Big Toe 
      Joint










Download



Windows Media Video


Quicktime


MPEG-4 Video






Loading media player...




Cartiva SCI Surgical Animation


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







Cartiva SCI Surgical Animation





Windows Media Video




Quicktime




MPEG-4 Video








Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant (SCI) (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail












Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant (SCI) (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail












Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant (SCI) (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Small








Preview








Thumbnail












Cartiva FAQ





DOC








Cartiva vs. Fusion





PDF










July 05, 2016 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



ALPHARETTA, Ga.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cartiva, Inc., a developer of innovative products for the treatment of 
      cartilage damage and osteoarthritis, announced today that it received 
      Premarket Approval (PMA) from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
      (FDA) for its Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant (SCI) for arthritis of 
      the big toe joint. The approval allows the Company to begin marketing in 
      the United States the first synthetic cartilage device approved by the 
      FDA.
    


      Cartiva SCI is intended for the treatment of painful arthritis at the 
      base of the big toe, the most common arthritic condition in the foot. 
      The current standard of care involves fusing the bones in the arthritic 
      joint with screws and plates. While fusion is an effective procedure for 
      eliminating pain, it permanently prevents movement of the joint.
    

      The Cartiva SCI device, an alternative to fusion, is a biocompatible, 
      biomedical polymer implant designed to have physical properties similar 
      to those of articular cartilage. Damaged cartilage is replaced with a 
      small Cartiva SCI implant that provides a cartilage-like compressible, 
      low-friction and durable bearing surface. The implant provides pain 
      relief and improves both function and motion.
    

      The FDA’s decision was supported by the MOTION clinical study, a 
      236-patient, multi-center, prospective, randomized study comparing 
      Cartiva SCI to fusion – the largest study ever conducted for this 
      condition.
    

      Key findings from the Level I clinical study include:
    


        The Cartiva patient group demonstrated clinical success of 80% for the 
        composite primary endpoint (pain, function and safety) at 24 months 
        compared to 79% success for the fusion group
      

        Cartiva patients achieved a 93% reduction in median pain
      

        Cartiva patients demonstrated a 168% improvement in median function of 
        sporting activities and 65% improvement in activities of daily living
      

        Cartiva patients experienced a 26% improvement in range of motion from 
        baseline
      


      “The landmark MOTION study clearly shows Cartiva SCI to be a safe and 
      effective alternative to fusion for patients wishing to maintain motion 
      in their great toe,” said Dr. Judith Baumhauer, Professor and Associate 
      Chair of Academic Affairs, University of Rochester Medical Center, and 
      Principal Investigator on the MOTION study. “Based on these compelling 
      results, I have eagerly awaited the FDA approval and the ability to 
      offer this treatment option to my patients.”
    

      Cartiva SCI has been approved for use outside the United States since 
      2002 and is currently available in Europe, Canada and Brazil. To date, 
      more than 4,000 implants have been used. It is performed in a simple 
      outpatient procedure lasting approximately 35 minutes. Unlike a fusion 
      procedure, patients may begin weight bearing immediately as tolerated.
    

      “Before Cartiva SCI, the options we could provide to patients with 
      osteoarthritis of the great toe were limited, as the fusion procedure 
      often necessitates sacrificing range of motion to get pain relief,” said 
      Dr. Mark Glazebrook of the Queen Elizabeth II Health Sciences Centre in 
      Halifax, Nova Scotia, who uses Cartiva SCI in his practice. “Due to the 
      simplicity of the procedure, speed of recovery and range of motion 
      benefits, I see that patients are relieved to have this option available 
      to them and the majority are electing Cartiva over fusion.”
    

      “We are thrilled with the approval of Cartiva SCI and appreciate the 
      hard work and collaboration of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
      orthopaedic branch. We're grateful to our clinical investigators, their 
      study coordinators and, of course, our patients in helping us reach this 
      critical milestone,” said Tim Patrick, president and CEO, Cartiva, Inc. 
      “We look forward to introducing Cartiva SCI at the American Orthopaedic 
      Foot and Ankle Society Annual Meeting in Toronto later this month."
    

About Cartiva, Inc.


      Based in Alpharetta, Ga., Cartiva, Inc. develops and markets innovative 
      solutions for patients with cartilage damage and osteoarthritis. 
      Cartiva’s venture investors include New Enterprise Associates, Windham 
      Venture Partners and Domain Associates. Additional information is 
      available on the company’s website at www.cartiva.net.
    


Contacts

      Company Contact:Cartiva, Inc.Peter Pizzo, 770-754-3855Chief 
      Financial OfficerorMedia Contact:MSLGROUPWendy 
      Ryan, 781-684-6658cartiva@mslgroup.com



















Contacts

      Company Contact:Cartiva, Inc.Peter Pizzo, 770-754-3855Chief 
      Financial OfficerorMedia Contact:MSLGROUPWendy 
      Ryan, 781-684-6658cartiva@mslgroup.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























 


 



Cartiva, Inc. Signs Distribution Agreement with Canadian Distributor Rehab Matrix Canada, Inc. | Business Wire
























































Cartiva, Inc. Signs Distribution Agreement with Canadian Distributor 
      Rehab Matrix Canada, Inc.






November 14, 2013 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



ALPHARETTA, Ga. & HALIFAX, Nova Scotia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cartiva, Inc., a developer of innovative products for the treatment of 
      cartilage injuries and osteoarthritis, today announced the signing of a 
      distribution agreement with foot and ankle orthopedic medical device 
      distributor Rehab Matrix Canada, Inc. (“Rehab Matrix”).
    


      Under the terms of the agreement, Rehab Matrix will exclusively 
      distribute the Company’s Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant (SCI) 
      throughout Canada.
    

      “Rehab Matrix is an ideal partner as they have long-established 
      relationships with many of the leading foot and ankle surgeons in 
      Canada,” said Timothy J. Patrick, president and chief executive officer 
      of Cartiva. “We look forward to working with the Rehab Matrix team as 
      they formally launch the product later this year.”
    

      “We are committed to bringing the most innovative technologies to the 
      Canadian foot and ankle market,” said Curtis Northrup, president of 
      Rehab Matrix. “Preliminary feedback about Cartiva SCI from clinicians 
      has been extremely positive, and we are excited to establish Cartiva as 
      an attractive alternative to fusion."
    

      The Cartiva procedure maintains range of motion by replacing 
      the damaged cartilage in the affected joint with a smooth, resilient 
      cartilage-like polymer. While fusion is effective at reducing pain 
      caused by advanced arthritis in the great toe, it prohibits natural 
      joint motion by fusing the joint with plates and screws. Cartiva 
      patients also avoid the inconvenience of wearing a hard cast for six to 
      eight weeks following a fusion procedure.
    

      “We are seeing increasing interest in Cartiva SCI in Canada, where over 
      150 of the patients in 
      our clinical trial were treated,” added Patrick. “We are confident 
      that Canadian surgeons will welcome the addition of this innovative 
      technology as a treatment option for their patients.”
    

About Cartiva, Inc.Based in Alpharetta, Ga. and spun off 
      from Carticept Medical, Inc. in December 2011, Cartiva, Inc. develops 
      and markets innovative solutions for patients with osteoarthritis or 
      cartilage damage. Additional information is available on the Company’s 
      website at www.cartiva.net.
    




Contacts

      Cartiva, Inc.Peter Pizzo, 770-754-3800Chief Financial Officer
    

















Contacts

      Cartiva, Inc.Peter Pizzo, 770-754-3800Chief Financial Officer
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up


















Cartiva, Inc., Announces Multiple Presentations at American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society Annual Meeting 2017 |












































































































Extremities
Cartiva, Inc., Announces Multiple Presentations at American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society Annual Meeting 2017

Posted by  Josh Sandberg
on 2 weeks ago 





More in Extremities:



Paragon 28® announces launch of JAWS™ Nitinol Staple System to address fracture and osteotomy fixation of the foot
1 day ago



Paragon 28® expands innovative product portfolio with the launch of the PROMO™ Triplanar Hallux Valgus Correction System
6 days ago



Orthopaedic surgeons warn parents and young children about the dangers of trampolines
1 week ago





Share this story with your networkFacebook0TwitterGoogle+1Pinterest1July 10, 2017

ALPHARETTA, Ga.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Cartiva, Inc. (Company), a developer of innovative products for treating cartilage damage and osteoarthritis, announced today that clinical data on its Cartiva Synthetic Implant (SCI) will be presented at the American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society (AOFAS) Annual Meeting taking place July 12-15 at the Washington State Convention Center in Seattle, Washington. The AOFAS is a medical specialty society comprised of more than 2,200 orthopaedic surgeons from the US and abroad who specialize in the care of patients with injuries, diseases and other conditions of the foot and ankle. The presentations include:

Friday, July 14th 10:15 AM to 10:20 AM, podium presentation by Mark A. Glazebrook, MSc, MD, PhD, FRCSC, “Revision of Implant to Great Toe Fusion: Did We “Burn a Bridge” With a Synthetic Implant Hemiarthroplasty?”
Saturday, July 15th 8:20 AM to 8:25 AM, podium presentation by Judith F. Baumhauer, MD, MPH, “Correlation of Hallux Rigidus Coughlin Grade with First MTP Motion, Intra-operative Cartilage Loss and Treatment Success for 1st MTP Arthrodesis and Hemi-Arthroplasty.” This abstract was selected by the AOFAS Program Committee as one of three finalists for the prestigious Roger A. Mann Award. The Mann award is given in recognition of the best clinical paper accepted for presentation at the annual meeting. The winner of the award will be announced during the meeting on Friday, July 14th.
Saturday, July 15th 9:10 AM to 9:15 AM, podium presentation by Andrew J. Goldberg, OBE, MD, MBBS, FRCS, FRCS (Tr&Orth), “The Influence of Patient Factors on the Outcome of Synthetic Cartilage Implant Hemiarthroplasty versus First Metatarsophalangeal Joint Arthrodesis in Advanced Hallux Rigidus.”

In addition, the Company will sponsor a symposium on Friday July 14th from 6:30 AM to 8:00 AM, Level 6, Rooms 611 & 612. Entitled “The Difference is DATA™ – Cartiva Synthetic Cartilage Implant for Hallux Rigidus”, the symposium’s faculty includes Judith F. Baumhauer, MD, MPH, Michael J. Coughlin, MD, Timothy R. Daniels, MD, FRCSC, Mark A. Glazebrook, MSc, MD, PhD, FRCSC, David B. Thordarson, MD and Keith L. Wapner, MD.
The Company invites all conference attendees to visit Cartiva exhibitor Booth #1211 for ongoing demonstrations of its Cartiva SCI technology.
About Cartiva, Inc.
Based in Alpharetta, Ga., Cartiva, Inc. develops and markets innovative solutions for patients with cartilage damage and osteoarthritis. Cartiva’s venture investors include New Enterprise Associates and Windham Venture Partners. Additional information is available on the company’s website at www.cartiva.net.


Contacts
Cartiva, Inc.
Peter Pizzo, 770-754-3855
Chief Financial Officer









Leave a Comment Cancel 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Message Name *
Email Address *
Website 
 

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 





Recent
NuVasive Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial ResultsNuVasive Announces New Organizational Structure To Drive Growth And Profitability GoalsGlobal Orthobiologics Market Forecast 2017-2025Camber Spine Technologies Announces Exceeding the 150th Implantation of ENZA™ Zero-Profile ALIFZimmer Biomet Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial ResultsPopular

The single protein injection which could replace the need for knee surgery for osteoarthritis sufferers 72 comments
Pegasus Biologics is insolvent; Closing their doors 40 comments
THE SPINEBLOGGER 17 comments
NuVasive CEO: No Sign Of Economic Hit To Spinal Devices 8 comments
Win an iPod Shuffle 6 comments

Tweets
My Tweets
Follow us
Let's connect on any of these social networks!
































Subscribe to Blog via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 

							Email Address						











Polls



With the acquisition of Spinal Elements, what do you expect to be the fate of Amendia?
 File for IPO
 Get Acquired
 Struggle to Integrate / Grow
 Status Quo
 Increased Growth but Stay Private
View Results


 Loading ...
Polls Archive 

OrthoSpineNews
 





















































