




Kimberly A. Casiano | Ford Media Center





























Close
Media Log In



Check Back Soon.
Sorry, your request for access is still pending. Check back soon.


Try Again.
Sorry, your email address or password is incorrect. Please try again.

Email

Password

Forgot password?


Why Register?
You will be able to access:

Content tailored to your personal preferences
Favorite content saved within your briefcase
Media advisories, newsletters, and email alerts
PR contact information





Log In


Register Now











Close
Welcome
Registration














Email

*
















Password

*





Your passwords must be 8 characters in length and contain at least one uppercase letter and one number.








Retype Your Password

*


















First Name

*













Last Name

 *














Address

 *













Country

 *



Select a Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of The
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe









Zip Code

 *















Job Title

*













Company/Affiliation

*














City

 *













State/Province

* 



Select a State














Primary Focus

* 



Select best answer
Broadcast/TV
Blog/Social
Ford Team Member
Print/Wire Service
Web
Other











Comments




















 

 




Agree





By checking this box, for the purposes of obtaining access to the www.media.ford.com or the www.media.lincoln.com website, I agree to the privacy statement and voluntarily give consent to have my personally identifiable information collected, processed, and stored in Ford Motor Company's databases located in Michigan, USA and to global transfers of this information within Ford and its affiliates, and their service providers. 








 
 








Contact media@ford.com for assistance.























Thank you for your interest in The Ford Motor Company Media Center.  We will do our best to process your information quickly.











Close
Forgot Password

Enter your email below and we'll send a link to help you access your account.

Try Again.
Sorry, your email address is not recognized.

Email




Send



An email has been sent.
Instructions on how to reset your password have been sent to the email you entered.







Close
Subscribe to RSS Feeds




Region

{{#each regions}}{{name}}{{/each}}



Back {{name}}




{{#each countries}}{{name}}{{/each}}





Back {{name}}

{{#each languages}}{{name}}{{/each}}






All Releases

Highlights
Features
Corporate Citizenship
History
Manufacturing
Marketing & Customer Service
Motorsports
People
Product
Safety & Technology
Sales & Financial Results
Sustainability










Close
Preview






Images, video and audio from this Web site are provided without login for the purpose of editorial use only.
You must contact media@ford.com to obtain approval for advertising, marketing or other commercial uses.


Are you sure that you want to delete the selected briefcase items?


Are you sure that you want to delete the selected slideshows?






Close
Search




Region

{{#each regions}}{{ name}}{{/each}}



Back {{name}}




{{#each countries}}{{name}}{{/each}}





Back {{name}}

{{#each languages}}{{name}}{{/each}}





From



Invalid Date




To



Invalid Date





		        	Sort By | Date






	              				Sort By Date



	              					Sort By Relevance




 
Clear



Start typing to search...
Please hit Enter or Start typing to apply the changes...










Photo
Video
All





Global
Regional
Local












0 / 0
Loading...










Close
Downloads



Documents


PDF

Kimberly A. Casiano



Images



1840 x 2230 (300 dpi, 874.1 kB)

1056 x 1280 (72 dpi, 341.1 kB)

Kimberly A. Casiano




1840 x 2230 (300 dpi, 874.1 kB)

1056 x 1280 (72 dpi, 341.1 kB)

Kimberly A. Casiano

 






Go Further
The Ford Motor CompanyMediaCenter



Log In

 us | en
Contacts
RSS







Search









Downloads





Jul 26, 2013
Kimberly A. Casiano
Member, Board of Directors, Ford Motor Company
Kimberly A. Casiano was elected to the Ford Motor Company board of directors in 2003. She serves on the audit committee, nominating and governance committee and sustainability and innovation committee.
She is the first Hispanic woman to serve on a Fortune 100 top five corporate board.

In 2010, Casiano established Kimberly Casiano & Associates, where she serves as president. The firm provides advisory services in marketing, recruiting, communications, advocacy and diversity to target the U.S. Hispanic market, the Caribbean and Latin America.           
In 2011, Casiano was elected to the Mead Johnson Nutrition board of directors, a leading nutrition company for babies and children. In 2006, she was elected to the board of Mutual of America, a company that provides retirement products and insurance coverage to employees of nonprofit organizations and small- and medium-sized businesses.
From 1981 to 1988, Casiano managed her own company, Caribbean Marketing Overseas Corporation, fostering trade and investment in the Caribbean and Latin America. The company served as Caribbean Basin Initiative consultant to the U.S. Agency for International Development in developing and executing public and private sector projects throughout the region. In 1987, Casiano joined Casiano Communications, becoming president in 1994.

Casiano, for whom education is the key to success, is active on the board of several nonprofit organizations that support education. She chaired the annual fundraising event for the American Cancer Society in Puerto Rico for 10 years.

Born in New York to Puerto Rican parents, Casiano moved to Puerto Rico when she was 12, growing up in a bicultural, bilingual environment. She earned a bachelor’s degree in politics and Latin American studies from Princeton University in 1979, graduating magna cum laude, and obtained her MBA from Harvard Business School in 1981.

Casiano is married to Peruvian-born Juan F. Woodroffe. They have two children.














Close
Select a Location

Current Location United States | English


Region



Country








Language





















Kimberly Sue Casiano - Homewood, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kimberly Sue Casiano in Homewood, IL


Kimberly Sue Casiano

                                                                                       Intelius found that Kimberly Sue Casiano  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Homewood, IL.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 12 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Kimberly S Springsteen
Kim S White
Kimberly Sue White


Get Report Now

Age

Kimberly Sue Casiano is in her 50s

Kimberly Has Lived In

Homewood, IL
Bridgeton, MO
Altamont, IL

Kimberly's Relatives

Barbara White
Kenneth Springsteen
Darlene Springsteen
Steven White







Kimberly Sue Casiano



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Market Manager at Dent Wizard



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kimberly? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kimberly, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kimberly Sue Casiano
Get a Criminal Check on Kimberly Sue Casiano
Get a Public Record Report on Kimberly Sue Casiano
Get a People Search Report on Kimberly Sue Casiano


Kimberly Sue Casiano's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kimberly Sue Casiano has lived as well as Kimberly Sue Casiano's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kimberly Sue Casiano Has Lived in 2 States
Illinois Address for Kimberly Sue Casiano


3727 1**** S* 

Homewood, IL


Has Lived In

Homewood, IL
Bridgeton, MO


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kimberly Sue Casiano

(708) ***-**** - Homewood, IL 
(708) ***-**** - Homewood, IL 
() ***-**** - Homewood, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kimberly Sue Casiano



Get Email Report




Kimberly Sue Casiano's Professional Information
Information regarding Kimberly Sue Casiano's professional history.  Find out previous places Kimberly Sue Casiano has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kimberly Sue Casiano Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Dent Wizard
               Title: Market Manager
Company: Dent Wizard
               Title: Sales Manager
Kimberly Sue Casiano's Experience
Title: Market Manager
               Company: Dent Wizard
Job Details
               Dent Wizard was established in the United States in 1983, and then in the UK in 1993. Since then, we have grown considerably and we are now able to offer a service which we believe provides, on a national and international basis, significant benefits to our customers. Dent Wizard continues to be instrumental in the development of Paintless Dent Removal (PDR) technologies. Dent Wizard's exclusive PDR processes do not conceal body damage. The factory finish is never affected; damage is eliminated. Dents, dings, creases, hail damage, and other body flaws are painstakingly removed to restore the vehicle to its original value and appearance. Traditional body repair methods are no longer required for the removal of vehicle flaws and minor damage; Dent Wizard customers save time and money while receiving the maximum repair value. Dent Wizard provides its unique service in select locations in the United Kingdom, Mainland Europe, and every major city in the United States and Canada. Since pioneering the process, Dent Wizard has been the industry leader and continues to refine and expand PDR repair capabilities. Customers reap the benefits from the most extensive training, the best technicians and the most complete coverage in the marketplace. Dent Wizard is the only Paintless Dent Removal service offering national and international network coverage. Our mobile, area based technicians, repair cosmetic dents without paint in over 60,000 cars a year in western Europe alone, helping major dealers sell more cars by enabling them to present a better prepared product faster, and helping fleet owners maintain higher residual vehicle values. Dent Wizard strives to meet and exceed customer needs and expectations. Dent Wizard adheres to a set of standardised procedures to ensure every customer receives service and repairs that exceed expectations. Dent Wizard's industry position, presence, and reputation assure that Dent Wizard will continue its leadership role for years to come.
Title: Sales Manager
               Company: Dent Wizard
Job Details
               Dent Wizard was established in the United States in 1983, and then in the UK in 1993. Since then, we have grown considerably and we are now able to offer a service which we believe provides, on a national and international basis, significant benefits to our customers. Dent Wizard continues to be instrumental in the development of Paintless Dent Removal (PDR) technologies. Dent Wizard's exclusive PDR processes do not conceal body damage. The factory finish is never affected; damage is eliminated. Dents, dings, creases, hail damage, and other body flaws are painstakingly removed to restore the vehicle to its original value and appearance. Traditional body repair methods are no longer required for the removal of vehicle flaws and minor damage; Dent Wizard customers save time and money while receiving the maximum repair value. Dent Wizard provides its unique service in select locations in the United Kingdom, Mainland Europe, and every major city in the United States and Canada. Since pioneering the process, Dent Wizard has been the industry leader and continues to refine and expand PDR repair capabilities. Customers reap the benefits from the most extensive training, the best technicians and the most complete coverage in the marketplace. Dent Wizard is the only Paintless Dent Removal service offering national and international network coverage. Our mobile, area based technicians, repair cosmetic dents without paint in over 60,000 cars a year in western Europe alone, helping major dealers sell more cars by enabling them to present a better prepared product faster, and helping fleet owners maintain higher residual vehicle values. Dent Wizard strives to meet and exceed customer needs and expectations. Dent Wizard adheres to a set of standardised procedures to ensure every customer receives service and repairs that exceed expectations. Dent Wizard's industry position, presence, and reputation assure that Dent Wizard will continue its leadership role for years to come. 
Additional Professional Information on Kimberly Sue Casiano

 See Kimberly Sue Casiano's LinkedIn Profile



Kimberly Sue Casiano's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kimberly Sue Casiano


Kimberly Sue Casiano's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kimberly Sue Casiano's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kimberly Casiano
Username Matches

                  KimberlyCasiano
                  CasianoKimberly
                  Kimberly.Casiano
                  Casiano.Kimberly
                  Kimberly_Casiano
                  Casiano_Kimberly
                  Kimberly-Casiano
                  Casiano-Kimberly
                  KCasiano
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Casiano







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











   Kimberly Casiano | Casiano Communications Inc | ZoomInfo.com


F Kimberly A. Casiano Insider Trades for Ford Motor Co.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Ford Motor Co.

                  NYSE: F
          







GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Ford Motor Co.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 7:04 p.m.


F

/quotes/zigman/264304/composite


$
11.53




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 230,587
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/264304/composite
Today's close

$
			11.70
		


$
				11.53
			
Change

-0.17
-1.45%





Day low
Day high
$11.46
$11.62










52 week low
52 week high

            $10.67
        

            $13.99
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Kimberly A. Casiano



Ms. Kimberly A. Casiano is Independent Director at Mead Johnson Nutrition Co., President at Kimberly Casiano & Associates, Inc., Independent Director at Ford Motor Co., and a Member at U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation. She is on the Board of Directors at Mead Johnson Nutrition Co., Mutual of America Life Insurance Co., Ford Motor Co., Hispanic College Fund, Scotiabank de Puerto Rico, Inc., Young Presidents' Organization Puerto Rico, and Hispanic Scholarship Fund.
Ms. Casiano was previously employed as President & Chief Operating Officer by Casiano Communications, Inc.
She received her undergraduate degree from Princeton University and an MBA from Harvard Business School.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. William Clay Ford 
Executive Chairman




Mr. James P. Hackett 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Robert L. Shanks 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Jeff  Lemmer 
Vice President & COO-Information Technology




Dr. Ken  Washington 
Chief Technology Officer




Mr. Bradley M. Gayton 
Chief Administrative Office & Group Vice President




Mr. Hau  Thai-Tang 
Executive VP-Product Development & Purchasing




Mr. Peter David Fleet 
Vice President & President-Asia Pacific




Mr. Raj  Nair 
President-North America & Executive Vice President




Mr. Steven  Armstrong 
Group Vice President & President-EMEA Region




Mr. Gideon  Wolthers 
Director-Business Strategy & Corporate Development




Mr. Jim  Farley 
Executive VP & President-Global Markets




Ms. Marcy  Klevorn 
Executive Vice President & President-Mobility




Mr. Paul D. Ballew 
Vice President, Chief Data & Analytics Officer




Mr. Joseph R. Hinrichs 
Executive VP & President-Global Operation




Ms. Shelby  Smith 
Manager-Business Development




Mr. Musa  Tariq 
Chief Brand Officer & Vice President




Ms. Kimberly  Pittel 
Group Vice President-Sustainability & Environment




Ms. Emily Kolinski Morris 
Chief Economist




Mr. Stuart John  Rowley 
Vice President-Strategy




Ms. Lisa  Sperling 
Director-Employee Benefits




Mr. Don  Butler 
Executive Director-Connected Vehicle & Services




Mr. Frederiek  Toney 
President-Global Ford Customer Service Division




Mr. Thierry  Sabbagh 
Managing Director-Middle East Region




Mr. John  Casesa 
Group Vice President-Global Strategy




Ms. Birgit A.  Behrendt 
Vice President-Programs & Purchasing Operations




Mr. Burt  Jordan 
VP-Powertrain Purchasing & Supplier Diversity




Mr. Bennie W. Fowler 
Group VP-Global Quality & New Model Launch




Mr. Sam  Smith 
Director-Long Term Funding & Securitization




Mr. Bill  Dirksen 
Vice President-Labor Affairs




Mr. Bruce W. Hettle 
Group VP-Manufacturing & Labor Affairs




Mr. Robert J. Fascetti 
Vice President-Powertrain Engineering




Mr. Marion B. Harris 
Assistant Treasurer




Mr. Ashwani Kumar  Galhotra 
Vice President & President-Lincoln Brand




Mr. John  Viera 
Global Director-Sustainability




Mr. Paul  Andonian 
Global Accounting Director




Ms. Raphael  Richmond 
Compliance Director




Mr. Moray  Callum 
Group Vice President-Design




Mr. Frank  Davis 
Executive Director-North America Engineering




Ms. Elena Anne Ford 
VP-Global Dealer & Consumer Experience




Mr. Kenneth R. Kent 
Controller-Americas




Mr. Edsel B. Ford 
Director




Mr. Neil M. Schloss 
Treasurer & Vice President




Mr. Mark  Ovenden 
Vice President-Marketing, Sales & Service




Mr. Erich  Merkle 
US Sales Analyst




Mr. James D. Farley 
Executive VP & President-Global Markets




Mr. Stephen Terence O'Dell 
Executive VP-Global Marketing, Sales & Services




Mr. Mark R. LaNeve 
Vice President-US Marketing, Sales & Services




Mr. John  Lawler 
Vice President & Controller




Mr. Mark  Truby 
Vice President-Communications




Ms. Felicia J. Fields 
Group VP-Human Resources & Corporate Services




Mr. Jonathan E. Osgood 
Secretary




Mr. Ziad S. Ojakli 
Group VP-Government & Community Relations




Mr. Stephen E. Biegun 
Vice President-International Governmental Affairs




Ms. Lynn M. Vojvodich 
Independent Director




Mr. John S. Weinberg 
Independent Director




Ms. Ellen R. Marram 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. William E. Kennard 
Independent Director




Ms. Kimberly A. Casiano 
Independent Director




Dr. John C. Lechleiter 
Independent Director




Mr. Anthony F. Earley 
Independent Director




Mr. John Lawson Thornton 
Independent Director




Mr. Jon Meade Huntsman 
Independent Director




Mr. Bill W. Helman 
Independent Director




Mr. Stephen G. Butler 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




7:31 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
4:52pTwo-thirds of U.S. investors think stocks are overvalued
4:51pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15














































































best live chat

 









<< Back to Search






Kimberly Casiano

			Loading your recognition...
		


									Other recognitions for
									Kimberly Casiano:									
								

America's Most Honored Professionals 2015 - Top 5%2012 Boardroom Elite2011 Boardroom Elite2010 Boardroom Elite2009 Boardroom Elite 

 

 










 




Five Local Businesswomen Honored as part of Vocational Service Month | The Rotary Club of San Juan, Puerto Rico



































 




















Member Login






















Five Local Businesswomen Honored as part of Vocational Service Month






































































































































Posted by  Elizabeth Parker 
on Oct 16, 2013


                         
On Tuesday, October 15th, five local businesswomen were honored as part of Rotary's Vocational Service month.   Recognized for their high ethical standards in their businesses were Bettye Baldwin, Jennifer Bates, Kimberly Casiano, Elizabeth Parker and Myrna Rivera.   The complete bios of the honorees can be seen by clicking "More" below.
 


 

                         
Bettye Baldwin


Managing Principal


Retention Strategies LLC and Retention Strategies Insurance Corp.


 


As Managing Principal of Retention Strategies Bettye has been engaged in various aspects of leadership in employee benefits/HR consulting in Puerto Rico for over 25 years.  She formed Hewitt Associates in 1990 in Puerto Rico after having arrived in Puerto Rico and a career in the U.S. in Human Resources.  Among her positions were Regional VP of Citibank for Mexico, VP International HR for Estee Lauder and VP HR for Home Life Insurance Company.  She grew Hewitt in Puerto Rico (adding Venezuela and Dominican Republic offices) from two to 120 associates prior to selling her portion of the joint venture to Hewitt Associates LLC.  As part of this contract, she became the Latin America Regional Director for Hewitt and managed the region for the subsequent three years.  She departed in 2007, and while honoring her non-compete agreement purchased another business, Caregivers de Puerto Rico.  As early as possible she formed Retention Strategies LLC and Retention Strategies Insurance Corp with two partners to once again provide benefits consulting/brokerage in the manner utilized to make Hewitt so successful.  


Bettye has a BA in Economics and Sociology from the University of Arkansas where she completed graduate work in English.  She has done studies at the London School of Business and Wharton. 


 
 

 


 




Jennifer Bates
 
President
 
PR Soft, Inc.
 
Jennifer was born in Newark, New Jersey, and grew up in New Jersey and Massachusetts. She graduated from Martha’s Vineyard Regional High School second in her class, then earned her undergraduate degree in Pure Mathematics from Rutgers. She graduated Phi Beta Kappa with departmental awards, and a full scholarship to Rutgers Business School of Business, where she went on to earn her MBA.
 
Jennifer worked for nine years at a business forms consulting company, where she analyzed and designed work flow documents and business forms for many customers in the New York New Jersey Metropolitan area. She moved to Puerto Rico in 1990 to join her (then) husband who was an officer with Carnival Cruise Lines. She found some programming work in Puerto Rico, and also started a desktop publishing business... a little of this, a little of that.
In 1992 she was out to lunch with a friend, who had brought along another friend, who happened to be a tax accountant. After some conversation, the accountant said, “Jennifer, what we need in Puerto Rico is a reliable and inexpensive software program to help us prepare Hacienda tax returns.” She thought, “Hmmmm… I can do that…” and put all her eggs in one basket for the next year, creating the first automated individual tax return product in Puerto Rico. It was a make-or-break decision, since she worked for over a year with no income, and with debt piling up.
 
She named her company PRSoft®, and ran it out of her apartment in Ocean Park. Jennifer single-handedly did programming, marketing, bug-fixing, billing, mailing etc. As her customer list grew, so did her employee list and office space. After several moves and expansions, PRSoft now occupies 6,000 square feet in Santurce, in a building owned by Jennifer, with a total of twenty employees and contract programmers. Her client list is in the thousands, with many loyal customers since 1994.
 
PRSoft products include PRTax® for Individuals, PRCorp® for Corporations and PropTax® for property tax. PRSoft’s best-selling product is PRPay®, created for any business that needs to file employer reports and produce year-end W-2’s and Informative returns. PRSoft is now in the process of a major upgrade to all its software, an exciting project that will take the company solidly into the future, and maintain its place as the number one tax software company in Puerto Rico.







 
Kimberly Casiano
 
President
Kimberly Casiano & Associates
 
Kimberly Casiano is President of Kimberly Casiano & Associates, an advisory firm specializing in assisting corporations targeting the U.S. Hispanic market.  As a member of three corporate boards, and the first Hispanic woman to serve on any of the top five “Fortune 100” corporate boards, Ms. Casiano assists in the recruitment of qualified Hispanic directors for corporate boards, bringing a unique perspective to the recruitment process and a national network of contacts in the Hispanic community.  In addition, Kimberly Casiano & Associates works with top executives in formulating marketing and communications strategies, public policy, advocacy, and diversity programs to reach this dynamic, growing market, the largest minority group in the country. Up until December 2009, Ms. Casiano was President of Casiano Communications Inc., the leading U.S. Hispanic publisher of magazines and periodicals in the country. 
 
She actively serves on many corporate boards: In December 2003, she was elected to the Board of Directors of Ford Motor Company headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan. In April 2006, Ms. Casiano was elected to the Board of Directors of Mutual of America.  In March 2010, Ms. Casiano was elected to the board of directors of Mead Johnson Nutrition Company. Ms. Casiano is also active on the board of a number of non-profit organizations that support education, including the Board of Directors of the Hispanic Scholarship Fund (HSF), which awards over 4000 college scholarships annually to Hispanic youth.  She is also co-founder and Vice-Chair of Nuestra Casa de los Niños, a Puerto Rico-based organization that provides private-school education for economically disadvantaged children in San Juan.
 
Ms. Casiano's involvement in business organizations includes being the first female Chapter Chair of the Young Presidents’ Organization (YPO), Puerto Rico chapter.  She is also a member of the Corporate Directors Council of the Hispanic Association of Corporate Responsibility (HACR).
 
She is a member of the Board of Advisors of Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa, Florida, the third busiest cancer center in the United States.  Previously, for 10 years, she co-chaired with her husband the annual fundraising event for the American Cancer Society (ACS) in Puerto Rico, and, in 2005, she was the recipient of the prestigious ACS “HOPE” national award.
 
Ms. Casiano studied Politics and Latin American Studies at Princeton University (B.A., magna cum laude, 1979) and obtained her Master’s in Business Administration (M.B.A.) from Harvard Business School in 1981.  She is married to Peruvian-born Juan F. Woodroffe, and the couple has two children.
Nora Casiano, Kimberly's mother, accepted the award oh her behalf.


 
 
Elizabeth Parker
 
Founder & President
 
Caribe Direct, Inc.
Elizabeth Parker was born and raised in Wisconsin.  She graduated from Smith College, in Northampton, MA in 1976 with a BA in Art History.  After graduation she relocated to Rome, Italy where she worked as an artist for 4 years before returning to the US to attend business school at Syracuse University.  She graduated with an MBA in International Business in 1981, and went to work for the Dun & Bradstreet Corporation in corporate finance in New York City. In 1986, she and husband Gerry Cumpiano moved to Puerto Rico, and Ms. Parker became a direct marketing consultant to Banco Popular, first designing, and then implementing the bank’s direct marketing department as a full-time employee beginning in 1988.  When Popular merged with Banco de Ponce, Ms. Parker became the director of telephone marketing and service for the new bank.  In 1992, she moved to the Bank and Trust of Puerto Rico where she was the director of marketing and the head of the nascent retail banking operation.
 
In 1994, Ms. Parker left BankTrust and started her own company, Caribe Direct.  Drawing on her experience in direct marketing and love of art, she started Puerto Rico’s first mail order catalog, Isla, selling food, music, books, movies, and of course art and crafts from Puerto Rico and the Hispanic Caribbean.  Isla is now in its 20th year, having an internet sales component since 1997!   Isla works with suppliers in the US and Puerto Rico, (authors, publishers, artists, musicians and designers as well as manufacturers) to offer items that represent the history and culture of Puerto Rico to individuals, schools, and libraries mainly in the United States, and to convention goers and destination wedding guests here in Puerto Rico. Ms. Parker has been recognized by the Puerto Rico Tourism Company for the promotion of the arts and crafts of Puerto Rico Both in the US and Internationally, and she has been recognized by the United States Postal Service with the Puerto Rico Automail Executive Excellence Award.                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
Ms. Parker is active in the AAUW (American Association of University Women), where she currently serves as co-president of the San Juan Branch and National Chairwoman for Social Media.  She is also the Treasurer and Finance Committee Chair for the Board of Trustees of Wayland Academy (her high school alma mater) and Marketing and Public Relations Director for the Rotary Club of San Juan.
 
The mother of two grown sons, she is an avid photographer and writes a travel blog, called JetsyTravels.com.
 
 
Myrna Rivera

Founder & CEO

Consultiva Internacional, Inc & Consultiva Securities, Inc 


MYRNA M. RIVERA, Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Is a 30 year veteran in the field of investment management consulting. A Certified Investment Management Analyst ("CIMA"), Ms. Rivera is a recognized pioneer in the industry, having contributed to developing standard investment management practices employed today for middle market endowments and foundations, pension funds, insurance companies, credit unions, Taft Hartley Benefit plans and individuals and families.

Ms.Rivera has received several recognitions for her leadership in financial services, including the John Ellis Excellence Award for her tenure in institutional investment consulting at Smith Barney and its predecessors, the Joyce Johnson Award of the National Association of Securities Professionals (www.nasphq.org), for her contribution to the advancement of women and minorities in financial services, and the Highest Leaf Award from the Women’s Venture Fund of New York, for entrepreneurial excellence. Ms. Rivera appears in the “Top 100 Influential Hispanics” of Hispanic Business Magazine (www.hispanicbusiness.com) and Wealth Management’s 2012 roster of Top 25 women-owned RIAs. She was awarded Consultant of the Year by Opal Financial Group’s Emerging Manager Summit’s in 2008 and 2009.

Ms.Rivera is Chairs the Lehman College Foundation of the City University of New York. She is a founding member of the Comisión de Ciudadanos al Rescate de Caimito, a community-based organization in SanJuan, and a board member of Pro-Arte Musical, which promotes the appreciation and enjoyment of classical music.

Ms.Rivera is an undergraduate of the University of Puerto Rico and a Masters Graduate from Lehman College of the City University of New York, both honors majors in Mathematics.



                     



























 



Mutual of America | Board of Directors



























2014 Selected Financial Data
Letter from Thomas J. Moran

Featured Stories


VNA Care Network
Mosaic Rehabilitative Services
Envision, Inc.
Our Commitment





Boards of Directors

 PDF  |  Share 









    Mutual of America Board of Directors








        Thomas J. Moran
    










            Thomas J. Moran
        

            Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
        

Mutual of America
New York, New York







        John R. Greed
    










            John R. Greed
        

            President
        

Mutual of America
New York, New York







        Clifford L. Alexander, Jr.
    










            Clifford L. Alexander, Jr.
        

            President
        

Alexander & Associates, Inc. 
New York, New York







        Kimberly Casiano
    










            Kimberly Casiano
        

            President 
        

Kimberly Casiano & Associates Inc.
San Juan, Puerto Rico







        Earle H. Harbison, Jr.
    










            Earle H. Harbison, Jr.
        

            Chairman
        

Harbison Corporation
St. Louis, Missouri







        Maurine A. Haver
    










            Maurine A. Haver
        

            Founder and Chief Executive Officer
        

Haver Analytics, Inc.
New York, New York







        Frances R. Hesselbein
    










            Frances R. Hesselbein
        

            President and Chief Executive Officer 
        

The Frances Hesselbein Leadership Institute
New York, New York







        LaSalle D. Leffall, Jr., M.D.
    










            LaSalle D. Leffall, Jr., M.D.
        

            Charles R. Drew Professor of Surgery
        

Howard University College of Medicine
Washington, D.C.







        Senator Connie Mack   
    










            Senator Connie Mack
        

            Chairman Emeritus
        

Liberty Partners Group
Washington, D.C.


            Chairman Emeritus
        

H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research Institute
Tampa, Florida







        Robert J. McGuire, Esq.
    










            Robert J. McGuire, Esq.
        

Counsel
New York, New York







        Roger B. Porter, Ph.D.
    










            Roger B. Porter, Ph.D.
        

            IBM Professor of Business and Government
        

Harvard University
Cambridge, Massachusetts







        Peter J. Powers
    










            Peter J. Powers
        

            Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
        

Powers Global Strategies, LLC
New York, New York







        General Dennis J. Reimer
    










            General Dennis J. Reimer
        

            U.S. Army (Retired)
        

National Security Consultant
Arlington, Virginia







        Elie Wiesel 
    










            Elie Wiesel
        

            Andrew W. Mellon Professor in the Humanities
        

Boston University
Boston, Massachusetts


            Founder, The Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity;
        

Nobel Laureate
New York, New York







        Patrick A. Burns
    










            Patrick A. Burns
        

            Consultant to the Board of Mutual of America
        

Bronxville, New York














            Roselyn Payne Epps, M.D.
        

The Board of Directors of Mutual of America Life Insurance Company, together with its officers and employees, mourn the passing of their colleague and friend, Dr. Roselyn Payne Epps.





                        more
                    






Dr. Epps was an esteemed member of the Board of Directors since 1992 and served with distinction on the Audit, Executive, Long-Range Planning, Product and Marketing and Technology Committees. She was appointed Chair of the Technology Committee in 2001 and, in that role, was a passionate advocate of the ever-increasing importance of technology to the continued success of Mutual of America.
Dr. Epps was recognized nationally and internationally for her life’s work in pediatrics and the public health sector. Her distinguished career included roles in private practice, research and academia, the District of Columbia government, Howard University College of Medicine and the National Institutes of Health.
Ever a trailblazer, Dr. Epps opened doors formerly closed to women and people of color: among her many “firsts,” she was the first woman and first African-American president of the D.C. Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics and the first African-American National President of the American Medical Women’s Association. In 2013, Dr. Epps received the W. Montague Cobb Lifetime Achievement Award, presented by the W. Montague Cobb National Medical Association Institute, in recognition of her extraordinary commitment to academic excellence, the health of the poor and underserved, quality education and national leadership in medicine.
Over the past 22 years, Roselyn Epps played a major role in Mutual of America’s development and growth. We who were privileged to have known her will long remember her strength of character, her dedication to service and her commitment to the mission of Mutual of America.
Her wisdom and enthusiasm as well as her warmth and friendship will be greatly missed.













            Election of Directors
        

Mutual of America policyholders and contract holders are entitled to participate in the election of Directors. The election is held each year on a designated working day in April. In 2015 the election of Directors is scheduled for Thursday, April 23, 2015, between 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m., at the Home Office, 320 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022. At each election, approximately one-third of the Directors are elected for terms of three years.





                more
            






Each policyholder and contract holder whose policy or contract has been in force for one year prior to the date of election is entitled to one vote per person to be cast in person, by mail or by proxy. Pursuant to Section 4210 of the New York Insurance Law, groups of policyholders or contract holders have the right to nominate one or more independent tickets not less than five months prior to the date of each election. Mail ballots may be obtained by writing to the Corporate Secretary at Mutual of America’s Home Office address, no later than 60 days prior to the date of election.









            Mutual of America Boards
        


                Mutual of America Capital Management LLC
            




        Amir Lear
    







            Amir Lear
        

            Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
        

Mutual of America Capital Management Corp.
New York, New York







        Theresa A. Bischoff
    







            Theresa A. Bischoff
        

            Chief Executive Officer (Past)
        

American Red Cross in Greater New York
New York, New York







        Noreen Culhane
    







            Noreen Culhane
        

            Executive Vice President (Past)
        

New York Stock Exchange
New York, New York







        Nathaniel A. Davis
    







            Nathaniel A. Davis
        

            Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
        

K12 Inc.
Herndon, Virginia







        Robert C. Golden
    







            Robert C. Golden
        

            Executive Vice President of Corporate Operations (Past)
        

Prudential Financial, Inc.
Newark, New Jersey







        John E. Haire
    







            John E. Haire
        

            Chief Executive Officer (Past)
        

Parade Publications, Inc.
New York, New York







        Christopher C. Quick
    







            Christopher C. Quick
        

            Vice Chairman,
            Global Wealth 
            and Investment Management (Past)
        

Bank of America
New York, New York







        James E. Quinn
    







            James E. Quinn
        

            President (Past)
        

Tiffany & Company
New York, New York







        Alfred E. Smith IV
    







            Alfred E. Smith IV
        

            Chairman of the Board (Past)
        

Saint Vincent Catholic Medical Centers
New York, New York







        John J. Stack
    







            John J. Stack
        

            Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Past)
        

Ceska Sporitelna
Prague, Czech Republic








                Mutual of America Investment Corporation
                Mutual of America Institutional Funds, Inc.
            




        John R. Greed
    







            John R. Greed
        

            Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
        

Mutual of America Investment Corporation and Mutual of America Institutional Funds, Inc.
New York, New York







        Carolyn N. Dolan
    







            Carolyn N. Dolan
        

            Founding Principal and Portfolio Manager
        

Samson Capital Advisors LLC
New York, New York







        LaSalle D. Leffall III
    







            LaSalle D. Leffall III
        

            President and Founder
        

LDL Financial, LLC
Washington, D.C.







        John W. Sibal
    







            John W. Sibal
        

            President and Chief Executive Officer
        

Eustis Commercial Mortgage Corporation
New Orleans, Louisiana







        Margaret M. Smyth
    







            Margaret M. Smyth
        

            Chief Financial Officer, U.S.
        

National Grid
New York, New York







        Patrick J. Waide, Jr.
    







            Patrick J. Waide, Jr.
        

            President (Past)
        

Drucker Foundation
New York, New York







        William E. Whiston
    







            William E. Whiston
        

            Chief Financial Officer
        

Archdiocese of New York
New York, New York














Kimberly Casiano - WOW.com




































Home page











Search the Web

Close menu



 WOW
 Web














Sign-In

Close


My Favorites



View MY FAVORITES

You have no Favorite Channels.To follow a channel click the ...If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link at the top of the page.

Manage MY FAVORITES






Home


Entertainment

Move menu left

Actors


Awards


Movies


Music 


TV


TV Shows


Music Artists


Music Genres


Books

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Celebrity Gossip,


Game of Thrones,


Movie Titles,


Taylor Swift






Health

Move menu left

Diets


Diseases


Drugs


Health Law


Healthcare


Healthy Living

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Conditions A-Z,


Life Stages,


Mental Health,


Pregnancy






Tech

Move menu left

Apps


Computer Hardware


Internet


Smart Phones


Tablets

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Windows 10,


Audio & Video,


E-Readers,


Video Games






Food

Move menu left

Allergies


Beverages


Cooking


Food Movements


Safety

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Organic Food,


Sustainable Food,


Homebrewing,


Winemaking






Lifestyle

Move menu left

Celebrations


Fashion


Religion


Style


Travel & Tourism

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Men's Fashion,


Women's Fashion,


Beauty,


Travel Tips






Family

Move menu left

Adoption & Planning


Marriage


Parenting


Pets

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Relationships,


Dating,


Having a Baby,


Baby Products






Sports

Move menu left

NFL


NBA


NHL


MLB


NCAA FB


NCAA BB


Golf


Boxing


Soccer


Cycling


Motor Sports


Swimming

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Cricket,


Extreme Sports,


Rugby,


Tennis






Money

Move menu left

Business


Careers


Companies


Economy


Industries

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Personal Finance,


Personal Debt,


Real Estate,


Retirement Planning






More

Move menu left

Arts


Education


Home & Garden


Autos

Move menu right



Arts


Education


Home & Garden


Autos

Surprise Me !












Kimberly Casiano



        Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kimberly_CasianoUpdated: 2017-05-06T03:01Z
      
Kimberly Casiano (born December 21, 1957) is a Puerto Rican businesswoman. She is the former President and Chief Operating Officer of Casiano Communications[1] — the largest Hispanic publisher of periodicals and magazines in the United States. Casiano currently serves on the Board of Directors of Ford Motor Company,[2] Mutual of America[3] and Mead Johnson Nutrition Company.Contents1 Personal2 Education3 Business career4 Service to the community5 See also6 Notes7 References8 External linksPersonalKimberly Casiano was born on December 21, 1957 in New York City to Puerto Rican parents — Manuel Casiano, Chairman of the Board of Casiano Communications and Nora Casiano, the family firm's current business manager. At age 12, she moved with her family to Puerto Rico when her father joined Governor Luis A. Ferré's cabinet as Economic Development Administrator.[4]Casiano is married to Peruvian-born Juan F. Woodroffe and they have two children.EducationIn 1979, Casiano graduated magna cum laude from Princeton University with a degree in Politics and Latin American Studies. She later earned a Master's degree in Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 1981— at which time she became the youngest woman to receive an MBA from Harvard at the time.[5][6]Business careerCasiano began her business career in 1981, when she founded Caribbean Marketing Overseas Corporation, a consulting firm specializing in financing, trade and investment promotion between the United States, the Caribbean and Central America. Caribbean Marketing Overseas Corporation worked closely with the Agency for International Development (A.I.D.) on Caribbean Basin Initiative projects.[5] In 1988, she joined the family-owned publishing and marketing business — Casiano Communications. She held a number of management positions in the company until 1994 when she became president of the company.In December 2003, she was elected to the Board of Directors of Ford Motor Company, becoming the first Hispanic woman to serve on the board of any top five Fortune 100 corporate boards.[2] At Ford, she serves on three Ford committees — Audit; Nominating and Corporate Governance; and Environmental and Public Policy.[5]In April 2006, she joined the Board of Directors of Mutual of America,[2] which provides insurance coverage and retirement plans to non-profits as well as small- to medium-sized firms.[7]In March 2010, Casiano joined the Board of Directors of Mead Johnson Nutrition Company, the leading manufacturer of infant formula in the world.Service to the communityCasiano is currently on the boards of the Hispanic College Fund, a Washington, D.C. based non-profit which awards over 500 scholarships annually to Hispanic college students throughout the U.S. She is former Puerto Rico Chapter Chair of the Young Presidents' Organization. She co-founded and is vice chair of Nuestra Casa de los Niños, a nonprofit group providing private school education for economically disadvantaged children in Puerto Rico.For years, she has been committed to honoring the memory of José Berrocal, a former classmate of hers and William Ford at Princeton University who died after having served as the youngest president of the Puerto Rico Government Development Bank, as a role model for young Puerto Ricans. For a decade, she led the fundraising efforts of the American Cancer Society in Puerto Rico, establishing the Red Gala annual event.See alsoList of famous Puerto RicansNotes^ "Top Leadership". Casiano Communications. Retrieved 2007-06-10. ^ a b c "Board of Directors — Kimberly Casiano". Ford Motor Company. Retrieved 2007-06-10. ^ "2006 Annual Report". Mutual of America. p. 41. Retrieved 2007-06-10. ^ "Finding Aid - The Records of the Offices of the Government of Puerto Rico in the United States, 1930-1993" (PDF). Archives of the Puerto Rican Diaspora, Centro de Estudios Puertorriqueños, Hunter College. Retrieved 2007-06-10. [dead link]^ a b c "2005 FORTUNE Directors Honorees". Hispanic Association on Corporate Responsibility. Retrieved 2007-06-10. ^ Puerto Rico Herald 2005.^ In 2006, Mutual of America was ranked as the 10th largest insurance company in the U.S. "Mutual of America Life profile". FORTUNE 500 2006 - Annual Ranking. CNNMoney.com. Retrieved 2007-06-10. ReferencesGeorgianne Ocasio Teissonniere (May 13, 2005). "Kimberly Casiano: At the top of the corporate world". Puerto Rico Herald. Retrieved 2007-06-10. "Kimberly A Casiano Profile". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2007-06-10. External links"Casiano Communications". Retrieved 2007-06-10. https://web.archive.org/web/20051204132829/http://media.ford.com/article_display.cfm?article_id=10484






Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. � Wikipedia is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.

 


Also On Wow





 





Advertisement



 

Popular Articles





UK zoo donates white rhino eggs in IVF bid to save species
Jul 20, 2017 Lindsay Keeler
				  




10 of the best handbags from the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale
Jul 20, 2017 Cristina Corvino
				  




Russia's foreign minister says Trump may have met Putin...
Jul 21, 2017 Kamini Ramdeen
				  




Trump's legal team spokesman Mark Corallo resigns amid reported...
Jul 21, 2017 Christina Gregg
				  




Elon Musk says he has 'verbal govt approval' to build NY-DC...
Jul 20, 2017 Christina Gregg
				  



Give feedback 








    © AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved
Privacy | 
    Terms of Use | 
    About our Ads
Share: 

 









 










Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















People: Ford Motor Co (F)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerAuto & Truck Manufacturers












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				F on New York Consolidated


				11.53USD
21 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.17


					            (-1.45%)
					        






Prev Close

$11.70


Open

$11.59




Day's High

$11.62


Day's Low

$11.46




Volume

27,627,184


Avg. Vol

40,309,317




52-wk High

$14.04


52-wk Low

$10.67










	Casiano, Kimberly 





	Ms. Kimberly A. Casiano is Independent Director of the Company. Ms. Casiano has been the President of Kimberly Casiano & Associates since 2010. Her firm provides advisory services in marketing, recruiting, communications, advocacy, and diversity to target the U.S. Hispanic market, the Caribbean, and Latin America. Ms. Casiano served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Casiano Communications, Inc., a Hispanic publisher of magazines and direct marketing company, from 1994 through 2009. She joined the company in 1987 and held various management positions. Ms. Casiano is a member of the Board of Directors of Scotiabank of Puerto Rico, the Hispanic Scholarship Fund, and the Latino Corporate Directors Association.



Basic Compensation




Total Annual Compensation, USD
100,000


Restricted Stock Awards, USD
149,998


Long-Term Incentive Plans, USD
--


All Other, USD
53,904


Fiscal Year Total, USD
303,902








Options Compensation




 
Quantity
Market Value


Exercisable
--
--


Unexercisable
--
--


Exercised
--
--














					Basic Compensation






Name
Fiscal Year Total




							William Ford

12,410,200




							James Hackett

62,247




							Robert Shanks

5,402,930




							Stephen Odell

--




							James Farley

6,609,450




							Joseph Hinrichs

5,888,180



As Of 
30 Dec 2016

» View All Officers
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerAuto & Truck Manufacturers























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.



























kimberly a casiano - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found This Person | Spokeo.com



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Search-Free



See All Of Their's Phone, Email, Address, Pics & Profiles-Look Free!





Free People Search



Search Public Records




White Pages Directory



Social Network Search





We Found Kimberly Casiano | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



1) Kimberly Casiano's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





We Found Kimberly Casiano | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Kimberly Casiano's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Location History



Photos & Videos



Email Address





Searches related tokimberly a casiano



kimberly casiano & associates


william clay ford jr


kimberly a ford


stephen g butler



casiano mba


manuel casiano


caribbean business casiano communicat...




Web Results

Kimberly A. Casiano | Ford Media Center

https://media.ford.com/.../fna/us/en/people/kimberly-casiano.html


Kimberly A. Casiano was elected to the Ford Motor Company board of directors in 2003. She serves on the audit committee, nominating and governance committee and ...


Kimberly Casiano - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kimberly_Casiano


Kimberly Casiano (born December 21, 1957) is a Puerto Rican businesswoman. She is the former President and Chief Operating Officer of Casiano Communications — the ...


Kimberly A. Casiano: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?...


Ms. Kimberly A. Casiano serves as the President at Kimberly Casiano & Associates. Ms. Casiano served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of ...


Kimberly A. Casiano - Executive Bio, Compensation History ...

people.equilar.com/bio/kimberly-casiano-ford-motor/salary/71803


View Kimberly A. Casiano, Board Member at Ford Motor Company, Dearborn, MI, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at Ford Motor Company and ...


Kimberly Casiano | Casiano Communications Inc | ZoomInfo.com

www.zoominfo.com/p/Kimberly-Casiano/5624231


View Kimberly Casiano's business profile as President at Casiano Communications Inc and see work history, affiliations and more.


Kimberly Casiano - | crunchbase

https://www.crunchbase.com/person/kimberly-a-casiano


Kimberly A. Casiano was elected to the Ford Motor Company board of directors in 2003. She serves on the audit committee, nominating and governance committee and ...


Kimberly A. Casiano - Home | Ford Media Center

https://media.ford.com/.../feu/es/es/people/kimberly-casiano.html


In December 2003, Ms. Casiano was elected to the Board of Directors of Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F). She was the first Hispanic woman to serve on any of the top five ...


Kimberly A. Casiano - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/kimberly-a-casiano


Kimberly A. Casiano was paid $1,287,724 to sit on the boards of Ford Motor


Kimberly A Casiano - Executive Bio & Compensation History

executives.findthecompany.com/l/32155/Kimberly-A-Casiano


Find compensation and employment information for Kimberly A Casiano (Ford Motor), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


Kimberly A. Casiano

www.nndb.com/people/308/000127924


Kimberly A. Casiano. AKA Kimberly Ann Casiano. Born: 21-Dec-1957 Birthplace: New York City. Gender: Female Race or Ethnicity: Hispanic Occupation: Business ...










We Found This Person | Spokeo.com



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Search-Free



See All Of Their's Phone, Email, Address, Pics & Profiles-Look Free!





Free People Search



Search Public Records




White Pages Directory



Social Network Search





We Found Kimberly Casiano | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



1) Kimberly Casiano's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





We Found Kimberly Casiano | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Kimberly Casiano's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Location History



Photos & Videos



Email Address




Searches related tokimberly a casiano



kimberly casiano & associates


william clay ford jr


kimberly a ford


stephen g butler



casiano mba


manuel casiano


caribbean business casiano communicat...




12345Next






Answers







Kimberly Casiano



Kimberly Casiano (born December 21, 1957) is a Puerto Rican businesswoman. She is the former President and Chief Operating Officer of Casiano...

more






List of Stateside Puerto Ricans



and television personality, show host and producer Business Wilo Benet - celebrity chef, owner of Payá and Pikayo restaurants Kimberly Casiano -...

more






National Institute for Latino Policy



National Institute for Latino Policy

more










News Results






Kimberly Garner stuns in buttocks clenching...



Blike - Cycling - Mirror.co.uk

 - Jul 15


Reality star-turned-swimwear designer Kimberley Garner stunned on the beach on Friday. The 27-year-old ex-Made In Chelsea star has been absorbing rays...

more





ABC7 Star Scholar: Sebastopol's Kimberly...



abc7news.com RSS Feed

 - Jul 15


ABC7 has celebrated student achievement with our Star Scholars program for 12 yeras. Each year, ABC7 recognizes seven Bay Area high school seniors for...

more





Burley plates 21 in doubleheader sweep of...



CBS - KMVT 11 - Twin Falls ID...

 - Jul 17


Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed...

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip



















Kimberly Casiano - Wikipedia




















 






Kimberly Casiano

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Kimberly Casiano (born December 21, 1957) is a Puerto Rican businesswoman. She is the former President and Chief Operating Officer of Casiano Communications[1] — the largest Hispanic publisher of periodicals and magazines in the United States. Casiano currently serves on the Board of Directors of Ford Motor Company,[2] Mutual of America[3] and Mead Johnson Nutrition Company.

Personal[edit]
Kimberly Casiano was born on December 21, 1957 in New York City to Puerto Rican parents — Manuel Casiano, Chairman of the Board of Casiano Communications and Nora Casiano, the family firm's current business manager. At age 12, she moved with her family to Puerto Rico when her father joined Governor Luis A. Ferré's cabinet as Economic Development Administrator.[4]
Casiano is married to Peruvian-born Juan F. Woodroffe and they have two children.
Education[edit]
In 1979, Casiano graduated magna cum laude from Princeton University with a degree in Politics and Latin American Studies. She later earned a Master's degree in Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 1981— at which time she became the youngest woman to receive an MBA from Harvard at the time.[5][6]
Business career[edit]
Casiano began her business career in 1981, when she founded Caribbean Marketing Overseas Corporation, a consulting firm specializing in financing, trade and investment promotion between the United States, the Caribbean and Central America. Caribbean Marketing Overseas Corporation worked closely with the Agency for International Development (A.I.D.) on Caribbean Basin Initiative projects.[5] In 1988, she joined the family-owned publishing and marketing business — Casiano Communications. She held a number of management positions in the company until 1994 when she became president of the company.
In December 2003, she was elected to the Board of Directors of Ford Motor Company, becoming the first Hispanic woman to serve on the board of any top five Fortune 100 corporate boards.[2] At Ford, she serves on three Ford committees — Audit; Nominating and Corporate Governance; and Sustainibility and Innovation.[5]
In April 2006, she joined the Board of Directors of Mutual of America,[2] which provides insurance coverage and retirement plans to non-profits as well as small- to medium-sized firms.[7]
In March 2010, Casiano joined the Board of Directors of Mead Johnson Nutrition Company, the leading manufacturer of infant formula in the world.
Service to the community[edit]
Casiano is currently on the board of directors of the Hispanic Scholarship Fund (HSF), a non-profit which awards almost $50 million annually in scholarships to Hispanic college students throughout the U.S. She is also a founding board member of the Latino Corporate Directors Association (LCDA).
She is former Puerto Rico Chapter Chair of the Young Presidents' Organization, Puerto Rico chapter. She co-founded and is vice chair of Nuestra Casa de los Niños, a nonprofit group providing private school education for economically disadvantaged children in Puerto Rico.
Casiano is a member of the Board of Advisors of Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa, Florida, the third busiest cancer center in the country. Moffitt is ranked #6 among all cancer centers by U.S. News.
For years, she has been committed to honoring the memory of José Berrocal, a former classmate of hers and William Ford at Princeton University who died after having served as the youngest president of the Puerto Rico Government Development Bank, as a role model for young Puerto Ricans. For a decade, she led the fundraising efforts of the American Cancer Society in Puerto Rico, establishing the Red Gala annual event and the Jose M. Berrocal Scholarship program for college-bound students who are cancer survivors.
See also[edit]

List of famous Puerto Ricans

Notes[edit]



^ "Top Leadership". Casiano Communications. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ a b c "Board of Directors — Kimberly Casiano". Ford Motor Company. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ "2006 Annual Report". Mutual of America. p. 41. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ "Finding Aid - The Records of the Offices of the Government of Puerto Rico in the United States, 1930-1993" (PDF). Archives of the Puerto Rican Diaspora, Centro de Estudios Puertorriqueños, Hunter College. Retrieved 2007-06-10. [dead link]
^ a b c "2005 FORTUNE Directors Honorees". Hispanic Association on Corporate Responsibility. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ Puerto Rico Herald 2005.
^ In 2006, Mutual of America was ranked as the 10th largest insurance company in the U.S. "Mutual of America Life profile". FORTUNE 500 2006 - Annual Ranking. CNNMoney.com. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 



References[edit]

Georgianne Ocasio Teissonniere (May 13, 2005). "Kimberly Casiano: At the top of the corporate world". Puerto Rico Herald. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
"Kimberly A Casiano Profile". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 

External links[edit]

"Casiano Communications". Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
https://web.archive.org/web/20051204132829/http://media.ford.com/article_display.cfm?article_id=10484





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kimberly_Casiano&oldid=790179446"					
Categories: Puerto Rican business executivesHarvard Business School alumniPrinceton University alumniWomen in business1957 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief operating officersHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 02:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Kimberly Casiano - Wikipedia




















 






Kimberly Casiano

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Kimberly Casiano (born December 21, 1957) is a Puerto Rican businesswoman. She is the former President and Chief Operating Officer of Casiano Communications[1] — the largest Hispanic publisher of periodicals and magazines in the United States. Casiano currently serves on the Board of Directors of Ford Motor Company,[2] Mutual of America[3] and Mead Johnson Nutrition Company.

Personal[edit]
Kimberly Casiano was born on December 21, 1957 in New York City to Puerto Rican parents — Manuel Casiano, Chairman of the Board of Casiano Communications and Nora Casiano, the family firm's current business manager. At age 12, she moved with her family to Puerto Rico when her father joined Governor Luis A. Ferré's cabinet as Economic Development Administrator.[4]
Casiano is married to Peruvian-born Juan F. Woodroffe and they have two children.
Education[edit]
In 1979, Casiano graduated magna cum laude from Princeton University with a degree in Politics and Latin American Studies. She later earned a Master's degree in Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 1981— at which time she became the youngest woman to receive an MBA from Harvard at the time.[5][6]
Business career[edit]
Casiano began her business career in 1981, when she founded Caribbean Marketing Overseas Corporation, a consulting firm specializing in financing, trade and investment promotion between the United States, the Caribbean and Central America. Caribbean Marketing Overseas Corporation worked closely with the Agency for International Development (A.I.D.) on Caribbean Basin Initiative projects.[5] In 1988, she joined the family-owned publishing and marketing business — Casiano Communications. She held a number of management positions in the company until 1994 when she became president of the company.
In December 2003, she was elected to the Board of Directors of Ford Motor Company, becoming the first Hispanic woman to serve on the board of any top five Fortune 100 corporate boards.[2] At Ford, she serves on three Ford committees — Audit; Nominating and Corporate Governance; and Sustainibility and Innovation.[5]
In April 2006, she joined the Board of Directors of Mutual of America,[2] which provides insurance coverage and retirement plans to non-profits as well as small- to medium-sized firms.[7]
In March 2010, Casiano joined the Board of Directors of Mead Johnson Nutrition Company, the leading manufacturer of infant formula in the world.
Service to the community[edit]
Casiano is currently on the board of directors of the Hispanic Scholarship Fund (HSF), a non-profit which awards almost $50 million annually in scholarships to Hispanic college students throughout the U.S. She is also a founding board member of the Latino Corporate Directors Association (LCDA).
She is former Puerto Rico Chapter Chair of the Young Presidents' Organization, Puerto Rico chapter. She co-founded and is vice chair of Nuestra Casa de los Niños, a nonprofit group providing private school education for economically disadvantaged children in Puerto Rico.
Casiano is a member of the Board of Advisors of Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa, Florida, the third busiest cancer center in the country. Moffitt is ranked #6 among all cancer centers by U.S. News.
For years, she has been committed to honoring the memory of José Berrocal, a former classmate of hers and William Ford at Princeton University who died after having served as the youngest president of the Puerto Rico Government Development Bank, as a role model for young Puerto Ricans. For a decade, she led the fundraising efforts of the American Cancer Society in Puerto Rico, establishing the Red Gala annual event and the Jose M. Berrocal Scholarship program for college-bound students who are cancer survivors.
See also[edit]

List of famous Puerto Ricans

Notes[edit]



^ "Top Leadership". Casiano Communications. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ a b c "Board of Directors — Kimberly Casiano". Ford Motor Company. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ "2006 Annual Report". Mutual of America. p. 41. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ "Finding Aid - The Records of the Offices of the Government of Puerto Rico in the United States, 1930-1993" (PDF). Archives of the Puerto Rican Diaspora, Centro de Estudios Puertorriqueños, Hunter College. Retrieved 2007-06-10. [dead link]
^ a b c "2005 FORTUNE Directors Honorees". Hispanic Association on Corporate Responsibility. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ Puerto Rico Herald 2005.
^ In 2006, Mutual of America was ranked as the 10th largest insurance company in the U.S. "Mutual of America Life profile". FORTUNE 500 2006 - Annual Ranking. CNNMoney.com. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 



References[edit]

Georgianne Ocasio Teissonniere (May 13, 2005). "Kimberly Casiano: At the top of the corporate world". Puerto Rico Herald. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
"Kimberly A Casiano Profile". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 

External links[edit]

"Casiano Communications". Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
https://web.archive.org/web/20051204132829/http://media.ford.com/article_display.cfm?article_id=10484





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kimberly_Casiano&oldid=790179446"					
Categories: Puerto Rican business executivesHarvard Business School alumniPrinceton University alumniWomen in business1957 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief operating officersHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 02:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Kimberly Casiano - Wikipedia




















 






Kimberly Casiano

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Kimberly Casiano (born December 21, 1957) is a Puerto Rican businesswoman. She is the former President and Chief Operating Officer of Casiano Communications[1] — the largest Hispanic publisher of periodicals and magazines in the United States. Casiano currently serves on the Board of Directors of Ford Motor Company,[2] Mutual of America[3] and Mead Johnson Nutrition Company.

Personal[edit]
Kimberly Casiano was born on December 21, 1957 in New York City to Puerto Rican parents — Manuel Casiano, Chairman of the Board of Casiano Communications and Nora Casiano, the family firm's current business manager. At age 12, she moved with her family to Puerto Rico when her father joined Governor Luis A. Ferré's cabinet as Economic Development Administrator.[4]
Casiano is married to Peruvian-born Juan F. Woodroffe and they have two children.
Education[edit]
In 1979, Casiano graduated magna cum laude from Princeton University with a degree in Politics and Latin American Studies. She later earned a Master's degree in Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 1981— at which time she became the youngest woman to receive an MBA from Harvard at the time.[5][6]
Business career[edit]
Casiano began her business career in 1981, when she founded Caribbean Marketing Overseas Corporation, a consulting firm specializing in financing, trade and investment promotion between the United States, the Caribbean and Central America. Caribbean Marketing Overseas Corporation worked closely with the Agency for International Development (A.I.D.) on Caribbean Basin Initiative projects.[5] In 1988, she joined the family-owned publishing and marketing business — Casiano Communications. She held a number of management positions in the company until 1994 when she became president of the company.
In December 2003, she was elected to the Board of Directors of Ford Motor Company, becoming the first Hispanic woman to serve on the board of any top five Fortune 100 corporate boards.[2] At Ford, she serves on three Ford committees — Audit; Nominating and Corporate Governance; and Sustainibility and Innovation.[5]
In April 2006, she joined the Board of Directors of Mutual of America,[2] which provides insurance coverage and retirement plans to non-profits as well as small- to medium-sized firms.[7]
In March 2010, Casiano joined the Board of Directors of Mead Johnson Nutrition Company, the leading manufacturer of infant formula in the world.
Service to the community[edit]
Casiano is currently on the board of directors of the Hispanic Scholarship Fund (HSF), a non-profit which awards almost $50 million annually in scholarships to Hispanic college students throughout the U.S. She is also a founding board member of the Latino Corporate Directors Association (LCDA).
She is former Puerto Rico Chapter Chair of the Young Presidents' Organization, Puerto Rico chapter. She co-founded and is vice chair of Nuestra Casa de los Niños, a nonprofit group providing private school education for economically disadvantaged children in Puerto Rico.
Casiano is a member of the Board of Advisors of Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa, Florida, the third busiest cancer center in the country. Moffitt is ranked #6 among all cancer centers by U.S. News.
For years, she has been committed to honoring the memory of José Berrocal, a former classmate of hers and William Ford at Princeton University who died after having served as the youngest president of the Puerto Rico Government Development Bank, as a role model for young Puerto Ricans. For a decade, she led the fundraising efforts of the American Cancer Society in Puerto Rico, establishing the Red Gala annual event and the Jose M. Berrocal Scholarship program for college-bound students who are cancer survivors.
See also[edit]

List of famous Puerto Ricans

Notes[edit]



^ "Top Leadership". Casiano Communications. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ a b c "Board of Directors — Kimberly Casiano". Ford Motor Company. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ "2006 Annual Report". Mutual of America. p. 41. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ "Finding Aid - The Records of the Offices of the Government of Puerto Rico in the United States, 1930-1993" (PDF). Archives of the Puerto Rican Diaspora, Centro de Estudios Puertorriqueños, Hunter College. Retrieved 2007-06-10. [dead link]
^ a b c "2005 FORTUNE Directors Honorees". Hispanic Association on Corporate Responsibility. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ Puerto Rico Herald 2005.
^ In 2006, Mutual of America was ranked as the 10th largest insurance company in the U.S. "Mutual of America Life profile". FORTUNE 500 2006 - Annual Ranking. CNNMoney.com. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 



References[edit]

Georgianne Ocasio Teissonniere (May 13, 2005). "Kimberly Casiano: At the top of the corporate world". Puerto Rico Herald. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
"Kimberly A Casiano Profile". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 

External links[edit]

"Casiano Communications". Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
https://web.archive.org/web/20051204132829/http://media.ford.com/article_display.cfm?article_id=10484





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kimberly_Casiano&oldid=790179446"					
Categories: Puerto Rican business executivesHarvard Business School alumniPrinceton University alumniWomen in business1957 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief operating officersHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 02:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Kimberly Casiano - Wikipedia




















 






Kimberly Casiano

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Kimberly Casiano (born December 21, 1957) is a Puerto Rican businesswoman. She is the former President and Chief Operating Officer of Casiano Communications[1] — the largest Hispanic publisher of periodicals and magazines in the United States. Casiano currently serves on the Board of Directors of Ford Motor Company,[2] Mutual of America[3] and Mead Johnson Nutrition Company.

Personal[edit]
Kimberly Casiano was born on December 21, 1957 in New York City to Puerto Rican parents — Manuel Casiano, Chairman of the Board of Casiano Communications and Nora Casiano, the family firm's current business manager. At age 12, she moved with her family to Puerto Rico when her father joined Governor Luis A. Ferré's cabinet as Economic Development Administrator.[4]
Casiano is married to Peruvian-born Juan F. Woodroffe and they have two children.
Education[edit]
In 1979, Casiano graduated magna cum laude from Princeton University with a degree in Politics and Latin American Studies. She later earned a Master's degree in Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 1981— at which time she became the youngest woman to receive an MBA from Harvard at the time.[5][6]
Business career[edit]
Casiano began her business career in 1981, when she founded Caribbean Marketing Overseas Corporation, a consulting firm specializing in financing, trade and investment promotion between the United States, the Caribbean and Central America. Caribbean Marketing Overseas Corporation worked closely with the Agency for International Development (A.I.D.) on Caribbean Basin Initiative projects.[5] In 1988, she joined the family-owned publishing and marketing business — Casiano Communications. She held a number of management positions in the company until 1994 when she became president of the company.
In December 2003, she was elected to the Board of Directors of Ford Motor Company, becoming the first Hispanic woman to serve on the board of any top five Fortune 100 corporate boards.[2] At Ford, she serves on three Ford committees — Audit; Nominating and Corporate Governance; and Sustainibility and Innovation.[5]
In April 2006, she joined the Board of Directors of Mutual of America,[2] which provides insurance coverage and retirement plans to non-profits as well as small- to medium-sized firms.[7]
In March 2010, Casiano joined the Board of Directors of Mead Johnson Nutrition Company, the leading manufacturer of infant formula in the world.
Service to the community[edit]
Casiano is currently on the board of directors of the Hispanic Scholarship Fund (HSF), a non-profit which awards almost $50 million annually in scholarships to Hispanic college students throughout the U.S. She is also a founding board member of the Latino Corporate Directors Association (LCDA).
She is former Puerto Rico Chapter Chair of the Young Presidents' Organization, Puerto Rico chapter. She co-founded and is vice chair of Nuestra Casa de los Niños, a nonprofit group providing private school education for economically disadvantaged children in Puerto Rico.
Casiano is a member of the Board of Advisors of Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa, Florida, the third busiest cancer center in the country. Moffitt is ranked #6 among all cancer centers by U.S. News.
For years, she has been committed to honoring the memory of José Berrocal, a former classmate of hers and William Ford at Princeton University who died after having served as the youngest president of the Puerto Rico Government Development Bank, as a role model for young Puerto Ricans. For a decade, she led the fundraising efforts of the American Cancer Society in Puerto Rico, establishing the Red Gala annual event and the Jose M. Berrocal Scholarship program for college-bound students who are cancer survivors.
See also[edit]

List of famous Puerto Ricans

Notes[edit]



^ "Top Leadership". Casiano Communications. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ a b c "Board of Directors — Kimberly Casiano". Ford Motor Company. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ "2006 Annual Report". Mutual of America. p. 41. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ "Finding Aid - The Records of the Offices of the Government of Puerto Rico in the United States, 1930-1993" (PDF). Archives of the Puerto Rican Diaspora, Centro de Estudios Puertorriqueños, Hunter College. Retrieved 2007-06-10. [dead link]
^ a b c "2005 FORTUNE Directors Honorees". Hispanic Association on Corporate Responsibility. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
^ Puerto Rico Herald 2005.
^ In 2006, Mutual of America was ranked as the 10th largest insurance company in the U.S. "Mutual of America Life profile". FORTUNE 500 2006 - Annual Ranking. CNNMoney.com. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 



References[edit]

Georgianne Ocasio Teissonniere (May 13, 2005). "Kimberly Casiano: At the top of the corporate world". Puerto Rico Herald. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
"Kimberly A Casiano Profile". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2007-06-10. 

External links[edit]

"Casiano Communications". Retrieved 2007-06-10. 
https://web.archive.org/web/20051204132829/http://media.ford.com/article_display.cfm?article_id=10484





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kimberly_Casiano&oldid=790179446"					
Categories: Puerto Rican business executivesHarvard Business School alumniPrinceton University alumniWomen in business1957 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief operating officersHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 02:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Ford Elige a Kimberly Casiano como Miembro de Su Junta
    Directiva































					The Largest Independent Automotive Research Resource
				
























































		Ford Elige a Kimberly Casiano como Miembro de Su Junta
    Directiva	



DEARBORN, Michigan, 15 de diciembre /PR Newswire/ -- Ford
Motor Company  anunció hoy la elección de Kimberly Casiano,
presidente y oficial operativo	principal de Casiano
Communications, Inc., para integrar la Junta de  Directores de
la compañía.
"Kim es una líder y empresaria muy respetada en el mundo
editorial, así	como en la comunidad empresarial hispana de los
Estados Unidos," dijo Bill  Ford, presidente y oficial
ejecutivo principal de Ford.  "Celebramos su  elección a la
Junta de Directores y anticipamos los aportes significativos
que  ella hará al éxito de nuestra compañía en el futuro."
Casiano ha venido encabezando la editorial hispana de
periódicos y  revistas más grande y de mayor experiencia en los
Estados Unidos.  La compañía  Casiano Communications, de
propiedad privada y con sede en San Juan, publica  entre otros
títulos Caribbean Business, un semanario sobre negocios que
cubre  empresas e industrias caribeñas; IMAGEN, la principal
revista de Puerto Rico	para mujeres sobre estilo de vida; y
Buena Vida, una revista sobre estilo de  vida dirigida a
hispanos acaudalados.  Las publicaciones de la compañía 
circulan en los Estados Unidos y otros mercados
internacionales, además de  servir a mercados del Caribe.
"Ford Motor Company es una verdadera leyenda en la historia
empresarial de	los Estados Unidos, y por ello es un gran honor
desempeñar un papel dirigente  en una institución como ésta,"
dijo Casiano.  "Me entusiasma cumplir con esta 
responsabilidad, especialmente cuando Ford Motor Company
continúa siendo una  empresa líder de la industria en el ámbito
global."
La elección de Casiano, que surte efecto inmediatamente,
aumenta el total  de directores de la compañía a 15.
Nacida en New York, Casiano y su familia han desempeñado
papeles de  liderato por mucho tiempo con organizaciones que
marchan en la vanguardia de  la comunidad hispana en los
Estados Unidos.  Su padre, Manuel A. Casiano, Jr.,  fue uno de
los fundadores y miembros de la junta de directores de ASPIRA,
la  primera organización que se estableció en los Estados
Unidos para ayudar a  jóvenes puertorriqueños y otros hispanos
a obtener becas.  Kimberly Casiano es  miembro de la Junta de
Fideicomisarios del Fondo Universitario Hispano  (Hispanic
College Fund), una organización nacional que concede más de
1,500  becas cada año a jóvenes hispanos.  Además,
recientemente completó su período  como miembro del U.S.
Savings Bond National Committee, comité para el cual fue 
nombrada por el secretario del Tesoro de los Estados
Unidos.
Casiano se graduó magna cum laude de la Universidad de
Princeton y obtuvo  su maestría en administración de empresas
de la Universidad de Harvard.  Es la  primera mujer hispana que
ha sido electa a la Junta de Directores de Ford.
Ford Motor Company, con sede en Dearborn, Michigan, es el
segundo mayor  fabricante de automóviles del mundo, con unos
335,000 empleados en 200  mercados en seis continentes.  Sus
marcas automotrices incluyen Aston Martin,  Ford, Jaguar, Land
Rover Lincoln, Mazda, Mercury y Volvo.	Sus servicios 
relacionados con automóviles incluyen Ford Credit, Quality Care
y Hertz.  Ford	Motor Company celebró su centenario el 16 de
junio de 2003.
AVISO A EDITORES:  Visite http:// media.ford.com para
obtener comunicados de prensa y fotografías de alta
resolución.
CONTACTO:  Oscar Suris de Ford, 313-322-1524, o
osuris@ford.com  



 


 
















 
			 
		










		 
	




Search The Auto Channel





















Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
