










CATACA RESOURCES, INC. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





CATACA RESOURCES, INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
CATACA RESOURCES, INC.


Company Address
782 AYALA AVENUEMAKATI CITY 2130


Company Phone
(63) 917-234-0098


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Edward Barrios


Employees  (as of 8/22/2014) 
2


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (7/30/2013)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.00


Shares Offered
15,000,000


Offer Amount
$30,000.00


Total Expenses
$8,504.09


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
15,000,000


Shares Outstanding
30,000,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001582919




This Prospectus relates to our common stock shares that will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the Selling Security Holders beginning immediately after 
the registration statement effective date, which is included in this 
Prospectus, and may continue for a period in excess of thirty (30) days from 
this effective date. We are completing this registration statement to allow the 
Selling Security Holders to sell their shares. The Selling Security Holders 
will receive all proceeds from this offering and, if all of the shares being 
offered by this Prospectus are sold at $0.002 per share, those proceeds would 
be $30,000. We, the issuer, will not acquire any of the proceeds from the 
common stock sale by the Selling Security Holders in this offering. Our company 
will pay all expenses of this offering estimated at $8,504.


The mineral exploration industry is highly competitive. We are a new and
pre-exploration stage company and have a weak competitive position in the
industry. We compete with junior and senior mineral exploration companies,
independent producers and institutional and individual investors who are
actively seeking to acquire mineral exploration properties throughout the world
together with the equipment, labor and materials required to operate on those
properties. Competition for the acquisition of mineral exploration interests is
intense with many mineral exploration leases or concessions available in a
competitive bidding process in which we may lack the technological information
or expertise available to other bidders.

Many of the mineral exploration companies with which we compete for financing
and for the acquisition of mineral exploration properties have greater financial
and technical resources than those available to us. Accordingly, these
competitors may be able to spend greater amounts on acquiring mineral
exploration interests of merit or on exploring or developing their mineral
exploration properties. This advantage could enable our competitors to acquire
mineral exploration properties of greater quality and interest to prospective
investors who may choose to finance their additional exploration and
development. Such competition could adversely impact our ability to attain the
financing necessary for us to acquire further mineral exploration interests or
explore and develop our current or future mineral exploration properties.

We also compete with other junior mineral exploration companies for financing
from a limited number of investors that are prepared to invest in such
companies. The presence of competing junior mineral exploration companies may
impact our ability to raise additional capital in order to fund our acquisition
or exploration programs if investors perceive that investments in our
competitors are more attractive based on the merit of their mineral exploration
properties or the price of the investment opportunity. In addition, we compete
with both junior and senior mineral exploration companies for available
resources, including, but not limited to, professional geologists, land
specialists, engineers, camp staff, helicopters, float planes, mineral
exploration supplies and drill rigs.

General competitive conditions may be substantially affected by various forms of
energy legislation and/or regulation introduced from time to time by the
governments of the Republic of the Philippines, the United States and other
countries, as well as factors beyond our control, including international
political conditions, overall levels of supply and demand for mineral
exploration.

In the face of competition, we may not be successful in acquiring, exploring or
developing profitable gold or mineral properties or interests, and we cannot
give any assurance that suitable gold or mineral properties or interests will be
available for our acquisition, exploration or development. Despite this, we hope
to compete successfully in the gold or mineral industry by:

. keeping our costs low;

. relying on the strength of our management’s contacts; and

. using our size and experience to our advantage by adapting quickly to
  changing market conditions or responding swiftly to potential opportunities.


Company Description
We are a start-up pre-exploration mining company with one mineral claim (ie. the
Lebak Gold Claim) in the Republic of the Philippines. We rely upon the sale of
our securities to fund our start up as we have not generated any revenue. We
have a going concern uncertainty as of the date of our most


 recent financial
statements. Our goal is to generate revenues through the sale of gold found and
extracted from this claim. We have a specific business plan to complete
exploration work on this claim and have no reason to alter this plan within the
next twelve months. Our company has no subsidiaries, affiliates or joint venture
partners. We do not intend to enter into a merger or acquisition, have not been
involved in any large purchases other than that of the Lebak Gold Claim and have
not been involved in any reclassification, bankruptcy or receivership since our
inception.

Cataca Resources, Inc. was established as a private company by Mr. Barrios and
Mr. Ramos to acquire and develop gold properties while world gold prices are
strong.

We raised $30,000 in initial capital in order to identify and purchase a
promising mineral property claim. Pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act
of 1933, our company sold 30,000,000 shares of its common stock in a private
placement for the $30,000.

Our company acquired the Lebak Gold Claim from Benefacio Minerals LLC, an
unrelated company, on December 11, 2012 for the sum of $5,000. This is our only
mineral claim. It was assigned by Benefacio Minerals LLC to us upon our
formation on December 11, 2012.

In December 2012, we engaged a mining consultant, John Jeffrey Martinez, to
develop a preliminary scoping study for the development of the Lebak Gold Claim.
Any previous exploration work was reviewed and recommendations for an
exploration program were made.

Assuming we can raise the necessary capital, we intend to carry out the
exploration program proposed on the Lebak Gold Claim. There is the distinct
possibility that we will not only fail to raise the capital but fail to find a
commercially viable ore body. There is no guarantee that gold of significant
value will be found. We currently do not have any ore body, products or
revenues.
---

We were incorporated on December 11, 2012 under the laws of the State of Nevada.
Our principal executive offices are located at 782 Ayala Avenue, Makati City,
Philippines, 2130. Our telephone number is (63) 917-234-0098.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$20,873


Total Assets
$7,040






Total Liabilities
$24,361


Stockholders' Equity
-$17,321




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 6 Total: 6
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



CATACA RESOURCES, INC.
S-1/A
8/22/2014
Filing



CATACA RESOURCES, INC.
S-1/A
8/8/2014
Filing



CATACA RESOURCES, INC.
S-1/A
7/14/2014
Filing



CATACA RESOURCES, INC.
S-1/A
6/6/2014
Filing



CATACA RESOURCES, INC.
S-1/A
2/12/2014
Filing



CATACA RESOURCES, INC.
S-1
7/30/2013
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Goldman Accounting Services CPA, PLLC


Auditor
PLS CPA


Company Counsel
The law firm of MacDonald Tuskey


Company Counsel
The law firm of Michael J. Morrison, Chtd


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Transfer Agent
Self-underwritten


Underwriter
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6422.75


10.58
 ▲ 
0.16%





DJIA

21711.01


97.58
 ▲ 
0.45%





S&P 500

2477.83


0.70
 ▲ 
0.03%










Data as of Jul 26, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sequential Brands Group Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results
                        



	                     8:06AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            CareTrust REIT Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call for Thursday, August 3, 2017
                        



	                     8:05AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Navios Maritime Partners L.P. Reports Financial Results for the Second Quarter and Six Months Ended
                        



	                     8:05AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Melco Announces Unaudited Second Quarter 2017 Earnings and Declares Quarterly Dividend
                        



	                     8:05AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































Cataca Resources, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 8:16 AM ET
Metals and Mining

Company Overview of Cataca Resources, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of October 14, 2016, Cataca Resources, Inc. was acquired by Flitways Technology, Inc., in a reverse merger transaction. Cataca Resources, Inc., an exploration stage company, engages in the acquisition, exploration, and development of natural resource properties. It explores for gold and silver. The company owns a 100% interest in the Lebak Gold Claim property that consists a 9 unit claim block covering approximately 91.5 hectares located in the province of Sultan Kudarat, Philippines. Cataca Resources, Inc. was founded in 2012 and is based in Makati City, the Philippines.


782 Ayala AvenueMakati City,  2130PhilippinesFounded in 2012



Phone: 63 917 234 0098








Key Executives for Cataca Resources, Inc.


Cataca Resources, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Cataca Resources, Inc. Key Developments

Cataca Resources, Inc. Announces Auditor Changes
Nov 2 16
On October 27, 2016, Cataca Resources, Inc. dismissed its independent registered public accounting firm, PLS CPAs. The company's decision to dismiss the former accountant was approved by its Board of Directors on October 27, 2016. Effective October 27, 2016, the company engaged Squar Milner LLP to serve as the company's new independent registered public accounting firm. The engagement of Squar Milner as the company's new independent registered public accounting firm was approved by the company's Board of Directors.


Cataca Resources, Inc. Announces Executive Changes
Sep 6 16
Cataca Resources, Inc. announced that effective September 6, 2016, Edward Barrios resigned from his positions as the current President and the sole Director of the Company. Effective September 6, 2016, Maxwell Ramos resigned from his positions as the current Treasury and Secretary of the Company. Effective September 6, 2016, Mr. Tobi Mac Aro was appointed to serve as the Company's President, Secretary, Treasurer, and sole Director of the Company to serve until the next annual meeting or until his successor is duly appointed.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Al Magan Mining Exploration Corporation Asia Alberto Mining Corp. Asia All-Acacia Resources Inc. Asia Altawitawi Nickel Corporation Asia Arlo Alumimnum Co., Inc. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      September 7, 2016
			    
--



Merger/Acquisition

			      September 6, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cataca Resources, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Cataca Resources, Inc. 8-k - Form 8 K Special Events Filing - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > CATACA RESOURCES, INC. 8-K

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Cataca Resources, Inc. 8-k
Form 8 K Special Events Filing



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves CATACA RESOURCES, INC.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: CATACA RESOURCES, INC. 8-K Date: 9/6/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










     

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

 

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 

FORM
8-K

 

CURRENT
REPORT

 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of
Report (Date of earliest event reported): September 6, 2016
 

 

  

CATACA
RESOURCES, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 




 



 



 



 



 





Nevada



 



000-55316



 



N/A





(State or
other jurisdiction



 



(Commission
File Number)



 



(IRS
Employer





of
Incorporation)



 



 



 



Identification
Number)




 




 





    400
Corporate Pointe, Suite 300

Culver
City CA  
Phone: 855-710-0915





 (Address,
including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
registrant's principal executive offices)

 

782 Ayala
Avenue

Makati
City, Philippines 2130

+(63)917–234–0098

 (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)




 

 

 

 

Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions:

 

 
     

. Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
CFR 230.425) 

 

 
     

. Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12) 

 

 
     

. Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

 
     

. Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

 

 

 

 

 




1

 

  

 

CATACA
RESOURCES, INC.

Form
8-K

Current
Report

 

Item
1.01

Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

 

Stock
Purchase Agreement

 

On
September 6, 2016, Edward Barrios, our President and sole Director,
Maxwell Ramos, our Treasurer and Secretary (collectively
hereinafter, the “Sellers”) and Tobi Mac Aro (the
“Purchaser”) and entered into a stock purchase
agreement (the “Stock Purchase Agreement”), whereby the
Purchaser purchased from the Sellers, Fifteen Million (15,000,000)
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Cataca
Resources, Inc. (the “Company”), representing
approximately 50.00% of the issued and outstanding shares of the
Company (the “Shares”), for an aggregate purchase price
of Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000) (the “Purchase
Price”). The purchase price shall be distributed on a pro
rata bases to the Sellers, Mr. Barrios currently is the beneficial
owner of Ten Million (10,000,000) shares of the Company’s
restricted common stock and Mr. Ramos is currently the currently is
the beneficial owner of Five Million (5,000,000) shares of the
Company’s restricted common stock.

 

The
foregoing description of the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of the
Stock Purchase Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this report,
which is incorporated by reference herein.

 

ITEM
5.01

CHANGES IN
CONTROL OF REGISTRANT

 

The
information provided in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form
8-K related to the aforementioned Stock Purchase Agreement is
incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.

 

ITEM
5.02

DEPARTURE
OF DIRECTORS OR CERTAIN OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS;
APPOINTMENT OF CERTAIN OFFICERS; COMPENSATORY ARRANGEMENTS OF
CERTAIN OFFICERS

 

Resignation

 

Effective
September 6, 2016, Edward Barrios (“Mr. Barrios”)
resigned from his positions as the current President and the sole
Director of the Company.  Mr. Barrios’ resignation was
not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter
relating to the Company’s operations, policies, practices, or
otherwise.  

 

Effective
September 6, 2016, Maxwell Ramos (“Mr. Ramos”) resigned
from his positions as the current Treasury and Secretary of the
Company (the “Resignation”). Mr. Ramos’
resignation is not the result of any disagreements between Mr.
Ramos and the Corporation relating to the Corporation’s
operations, policies or practices.

 

Appointment

 

Effective
September 6, 2016, Mr. Tobi Mac Aro (“Mr. Aro”) was
appointed to serve as the Company’s President, Secretary,
Treasurer, and sole Director of the Company to serve until the next
annual meeting or until his successor is duly appointed. On
September 6, 2016, Mr. Aro accepted such appointment.
 

 

The
biography for Mr. Aro is set forth below:

 

Tobi Mac
Aro, 31 - Mr. Aro
earned his MBA in Technology Management in 2010 through the
California State University MBA Program. Over the last 12 years, he
has worked in a wide variety of professional capacities in both
private and public sectors, different business industries as a
Business Technologist that includes bringing technology product to
life and enhance products to increase sales performance and growth.
Mr. Aro has served as a consultant for various corporations,
including a stint as a Business Product Growth Consultant for
Chevron Inc. from July 2014 – December 2014, where he was
served as a liaison between the functional and technical
requirements as well as the execution of those requirements in the
deliverables, including working with the technical and business
teams to prepare the quality assurance testing plans and validation
of the sprint goals. Also, Mr. Aro served as a Business Analyst
Consultant for Northrop Grumman & Boeing from April 2013
– September 2014, where he coordinated with senior customer
management regarding board reviews and team compliance with policy.
 Mr. Aro was a Business Systems Analyst for Timac Solutions
from February 2011 – 2013, where his responsibilities
included determining the operational objectives by studying
business functions; gathering information; evaluating output
requirements and formats. Designing new system applications by
analyzing requirements; constructing workflow charts and diagrams;
studying system capabilities; writing specifications. Mr. Aro,
founded Flitways Technology Inc. in January 2013 and has been the
company’s CEO and Director since that time.  




2

 

  

 

Family
Relationships

 

Mr. Aro is
related to any other Officer or Director of the Company.

 

Related
Party Transactions

 

There are
no related party transactions reportable under Item 5.02 of Form
8-K and Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

 

ITEM
9.01 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

 

(d)

Exhibits.
The
following exhibits are either filed as a part hereof or are
incorporated by reference. Exhibit numbers correspond to the
numbering system in Item 601 of Regulation S-K.

  




 



 





Exhibit



 





Number



Description
of Exhibit





 10.01



Stock
Purchase Agreement




 

  

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 

  

CATACA
RESOURCES, INC.

  

 

Date:
September 6, 2016

/s/ Tobi
Mac Aro
                                    

    

By: Tobi
Mac Aro, President

 

 




3

 

 
  

 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

 

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) made
this _____ day of September ___, 2016, by and between, Tobi Mac
Aro, an individual (the “Buyer”) and Edward Barrios, an
individual and Maxwell Ramos, an individual (collectively
hereinafter, the “Sellers”), regarding the purchase of
shares of common stock of Cataca Resources, Inc. a Nevada
corporation (the “Company”), and setting forth the
terms and conditions upon which the Sellers will sell Fifteen
Million (15,000,000) shares (the “Shares”) of common
stock (the “Common Stock”) of the Company, individually
and beneficially owned by Sellers, to Buyer.

 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and
representations contained herein, the parties herewith agree as
follows:

 

ARTICLE
I

SALE OF
SECURITIES

 

1.01

Sale.
Subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Sellers agrees to
sell the Shares of Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of
Fifteen Thousand ($15,000.00) (the “Purchase Price”),
with the purchase price being distributed on a pro rata basis to
the two individual Sellers. This is a private transaction between
the Sellers and Buyer.

 

1.02

Purchase
Price. It is
agreed that the Purchase Price for the Shares will be wire
transferred to the Sellers within five (5) days of the date of this
Agreement. The Closing shall take place simultaneously to the
execution of this Agreement.

 

ARTICLE
II

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

 

The
Sellers hereby represents and warrants to the Buyer the
following:

 

2.01

Organization
. The
Company is a Nevada corporation duly organized, validly existing,
and in good standing under the laws of that state. The Company is a
reporting company pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”) rules and regulations, and has timely filed all
reports schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
including pursuant to Section 12(g), 13(a) or 15(d) thereof. (The
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents
incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to
herein as the “SEC Reports”).

 

2.02

Capital.
The
authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 70,000,000
shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value, of which 30,000,000
shares of Common Stock are issued and outstanding as the date
hereof. All outstanding shares are fully paid and non-assessable,
free of liens, encumbrances, options, restrictions and legal or
equitable rights of others not a party to this Agreement except for
restrictions on transfer imposed by federal and state securities
laws. At the Closing, there will be no outstanding subscriptions,
options, rights, warrants, convertible securities, or other
agreements or commitments obligating the Company to issue or to
transfer from treasury any additional shares of its capital stock.
None of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company are
subject to any stock restriction agreements, other than by virtue
of being deemed “control securities” and thus subject
to those Restrictions imposed by the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. All of such shareholders have valid title to such shares
of Common Stock and acquired their shares of Common Stock in a
lawful transaction and in accordance with Nevada corporate law and
the applicable securities laws of the United States.

 

2.03

Financial
Statements . The
financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports
comply in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect
thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”)
applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated and
with each other, except as may be otherwise specified in such
financial statements or the notes thereto and except that the
unaudited Financial Statements may not contain all footnotes
required by U.S. GAAP., and such financial statements fairly
present the financial condition and operating results of the
Company as of the dates, and for the periods, indicated therein,
subject to normal year-end audit adjustments. Except as set forth
in the Financial Statements, and as set forth in paragraph 2.05,
the Company has no material liabilities (contingent or otherwise).
The Company is not a guarantor or indemnitor of any indebtedness of
any other person, firm or corporation. Sellers agrees to provide
any reasonably requested confirmations or representations from the
Company’s independent auditor in connection with the
Company’s Form 10K for the period ending December 31,
2015.




1

 

  

 

2.04

Filings
with Government Agencies. The
Company files annual and quarterly reports with the SEC and is
current in all filings. The Company has made all filings with the
state of Nevada that might be required and is current in its
filings and reporting to the state of Nevada.

 

2.05

Liabilities.
It is
understood and agreed that the purchase of the Shares is predicated
on the Company not having any liabilities at Closing. The Company
will not, as of Closing, have any debt, liability, or obligation of
any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, or otherwise
that will not be paid by Sellers at Closing. Any debt or
liabilities owed by the Company a


 








 

















News on Cataca Resources, Inc.


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Organization                            


                                        Cataca Resources, Inc.                                        ▼





                                Topic                            


                                        All Topics                                        ▼








People

                                    Find news about people
                                





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Cataca Resources, Inc.











Cataca Resources, Inc. filed form 10-Q


                                May 19, 2017                                 • 
                                SEC                            










Cataca Resources, Inc. filed form 10-K


                                April 18, 2017                                 • 
                                SEC                            










Cataca Resources, Inc. filed form 10-Q


                                November 18, 2016                                 • 
                                SEC                            










Cataca Resources Completes Acquisition of FlitWays Technology, Inc. 


                                October 17, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketwire (Canada)                            


                                  ... CULVER CITY, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 10/17/16 -- Cataca Resources, Inc. ("Cataca Resources" or the "Company") (OTC PINK: CATQ) is pleased to announce ...
                                









Cataca Resources Discusses FlitWays Business Model 


                                October 6, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketwire (Canada)                            


                                  ... CULVER CITY, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 10/06/16 -- Cataca Resources, Inc. ("Cataca Resources" or the "Company") (OTC PINK: CATQ) is pleased to provide ...
                                









Cataca Resources Provides Update on FlitWays Acquisition Audit and Closing 


                                September 24, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketwire (Canada)                            


                                  ... CULVER CITY, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 09/24/16 -- Cataca Resources, Inc. ("Cataca Resources" or the "Company") (OTC PINK: CATQ) is pleased to provide ...
                                









Cataca Resources Discusses FlitWays Technology, Inc.


                                September 20, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketwired                            


                                  ... Cataca Resources, Inc. ("Cataca Resources" or the "Company") (OTC PINK: CATQ) is pleased to announce ...
                                









Cataca Resources to Change Name to FlitWays Technology Inc.


                                September 14, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketwired                            


                                  ... Cataca Resources, Inc. ("Cataca Resources" or the "Company") (OTC PINK: CATQ) announced today it will ...
                                









Edward Barrios is no longer serving in their position at Cataca Resources, Inc.


                                September 9, 2016                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Edward Barrios is no longer serving in their board position at Cataca Resources, Inc.


                                September 9, 2016                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Cataca Resources to Acquire FlitWays Technology Inc. 


                                September 9, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketwire (Canada)                            


                                  ... CULVER CITY, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 09/09/16 -- Cataca Resources, Inc. ("Cataca" or the "Company") (OTC PINK: CATQ) is pleased to announce ...
                                









Cataca Resources, Inc. filed form 10-Q


                                August 15, 2016                                 • 
                                SEC                            










Cataca Resources, Inc. filed form 10-Q


                                May 10, 2016                                 • 
                                SEC                            










Cataca Resources, Inc. filed form 10-K


                                March 28, 2016                                 • 
                                SEC                            










Cataca Resources, Inc. filed form 10-Q


                                November 13, 2015                                 • 
                                SEC                            










Cataca Resources, Inc. filed form 10-Q


                                August 14, 2015                                 • 
                                SEC                            










Cataca Resources, Inc. filed form 10-Q


                                May 20, 2015                                 • 
                                SEC                            








Related News Feeds






Board and Executive Moves involving Cataca Resources, Inc.







Non-Energy Mining & Minerals







Financial Results in Non-Energy Mining & Minerals







Alumni of Cataca Resources, Inc.

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Cataca Resources, Inc.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

AMERICAN EAGLE ENERGY Corp
Accord Ventures Inc
Acrex Ventures Ltd
Agave Silver Corp.
Alaska Gold Corp.
Alberta Star Development Corp
Alderon Iron Ore Corp
Almaden Minerals, Ltd.
Alphacom
Alterola Biotech
American Bonanza Gold Corp.
American Consolidated Management Group Inc
American Lithium Minerals, Inc.
American Paramount Gold Corp.
Americas Diamond Corp.



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Cataca Resources, Inc.




Cataca Resources, Inc.





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Metal miningAddress

782 Ayala Avenue, Makati City, R6 2130
Phone
(63) 917-234-0098



Sample Contracts



Cataca Resources, Inc. –
Contract
(April 18th, 2017)




Cataca Resources, Inc. –
Convertible Promissory Note
(April 18th, 2017)
This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.



Cataca Resources, Inc. –
Share Exchange Agreement
(September 7th, 2016)
This Share Exchange Agreement, with an effective date of June 29, 2016, (this Agreement) by and among Cataca Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter, the Company or CATQ) and Flitways Technology Inc., a Delaware corporation (FTI), and the shareholders of FTI (FTI Shareholder) as set forth on Schedule 3.3 hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, CATQ and the FTI are sometimes collectively referred to as the Parties and individually as a Party.



Cataca Resources, Inc. –
Common Stock Purchase Agreement
(September 6th, 2016)
This COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement) made this _____ day of September ___, 2016, by and between, Tobi Mac Aro, an individual (the Buyer) and Edward Barrios, an individual and Maxwell Ramos, an individual (collectively hereinafter, the Sellers), regarding the purchase of shares of common stock of Cataca Resources, Inc. a Nevada corporation (the Company), and setting forth the terms and conditions upon which the Sellers will sell Fifteen Million (15,000,000) shares (the Shares) of common stock (the Common Stock) of the Company, individually and beneficially owned by Sellers, to Buyer.



Cataca Resources, Inc. –
Description of Oral Agreement Between the Company and Edward Barrios
(July 14th, 2014)
On December 1, 2013, the Company received a loan from its Director Edward Barrios in the amount of $8000. On March 1, 2014, the Company received a loan from its Director Edward Barrios in the amount of $15,000. Both of these loans are unsecured and are payable upon demand. Neither contains any covenants on the part of the Company or Mr. Barrios except for the covenant of the Company to pay the principal upon demand. Neither of the loans bears any interest.



Cataca Resources, Inc. –
By LAWS OF CATACA RESOURCES, INC. A Nevada Corporation ARTICLE 1 Offices
(July 14th, 2014)




Cataca Resources, Inc. –
Articles of Incorporation of Cataca Resources, Inc.
(June 6th, 2014)
THE UNDERSIGNED, having associated ourselves together for the purpose of forming a corporation for the transaction of business and the promotion and conduct of the objects and purposes hereinafter stated, under the provisions of and subject to the requirements of the laws of the State of Nevada, do make, record and file these Articles of Incorporation, in writing, and we do hereby certify:



Cataca Resources, Inc. –
Articles of Incorporation of Cataca Resources, Inc.
(February 12th, 2014)
THE UNDERSIGNED, having associated ourselves together for the purpose of forming a corporation for the transaction of business and the promotion and conduct of the objects and purposes hereinafter stated, under the provisions of and subject to the requirements of the laws of the State of Nevada, do make, record and file these Articles of Incorporation, in writing, and we do hereby certify:



Cataca Resources, Inc. –
By LAWS OF CATACA RESOURCES, INC. A Nevada Corporation ARTICLE 1 Offices
(February 12th, 2014)




Cataca Resources, Inc. –
Assignment of Claim
(February 12th, 2014)
THAT, Benefacio Minerals LLC, for the sum of USD$5,000.00, hereby assigns title and all mining and property rights of the LEBAK GOLD CLAIM to Cataca Resources Inc., a company duly incorporated in the United States of America.



Cataca Resources, Inc. –
February 11, 2014 CATACA RESOURCES, INC. 782 Ayala Avenue Makati City,
Philippines 2130 Dear Madams/Sirs:
(February 12th, 2014)
We have acted as counsel to CATACA RESOURCES, INC. (the Company), a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada, in connection with the filing of an amended registration statement on Form S-1/A (the Registration Statement) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of up to 15,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001, offered by 2 selling security holders (the Selling Shareholders) for sale through the Registration Statement filed by the Company (the Registered Shares).



Cataca Resources, Inc. –
Contract
(July 30th, 2013)
COMPANY: CATACA RESOURCES, INC.                                            Number of Shares                                  Certificate No.      REGISTERED HOLDER      TRANSFER FROM      CERTIFICATE RECEIVED:                              Date: ___________________        Class:                        Common           Allotment                    Par       Value                  $0.001                  ________________________        Date of Issue                        Signature



Cataca Resources, Inc. –
Contract
(July 30th, 2013)














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.

















Cataca Resources, Inc. - OTC BB:CATQE - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Cataca Resources, Inc. (CATQE)
Follow




                                0.00
                            







                        OTC BB 
                    










Prev Close
  0.00


Day Low/High

                                    0.00 /
                                    0.00


52 Wk Low/High

                                    0.00 /
                                    0.00
                                











Exchange
OTC BB


Shares Outstanding
30.00M


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 

















































 











Trending


Facebook on Fire - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Thursday


Stock Futures Power Higher on Earnings Beat From Facebook


Procter & Gamble Trounces Profit Estimates, Sticks It to Activist Investor


Honda Accord Through the Years: 20 Reasons the 2018 Model Is a Really Big Deal


Ford Let Us Drive Its Tough New Pickup Truck and We Couldn't Believe the Rip Your Face Off Power











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












     CATQ | Stocks Barchart Opinion for Cataca Resources Inc.                                      
               Your browser of choice has not been tested for use with Barchart.com. If you have issues, please download one of the browsers listed here.       Market Data & B2B Solutions       Report a Bug    Give Feedback   Market:  Market:         US       Canada       UK       Australia            Financial Technology & Market Data    Market Data Feeds   OnDemand Web APIs   Website Solutions     Barchart Trader   Mobile Solutions   ISV Solutions     Content Overview   Enterprise Data Management (EDM)   Agribusiness Technology Solutions                                                      No Matching Results   Advanced search      or   Select a Commodity  Wheat Corn Soybeans Soybean Meal Soybean Oil Oats Rough Rice Hard Red Wheat Spring Wheat Canola   U.S. Dollar Index British Pound Canadian Dollar Japanese Yen Swiss Franc Euro FX Australian Dollar Mexican Peso New Zealand Dollar South African Rand Brazilian Real Russian Ruble   Crude Oil WTI ULSD NY Harbor Gasoline RBOB Natural Gas Crude Oil Brent Ethanol   T-Bond Ultra T-Bond 10 Year T-Note 5 Year T-Note 2 Year T-Note 30 Day Fed Funds Eurodollar   S&P 500 E-Mini Nasdaq 100 E-Mini Dow Indu E-Mini Russell 2000 E-Mini S&P Midcap E-Mini S&P 500 VIX S&P GSCI   Live Cattle Feeder Cattle Lean Hogs Class III Milk   Gold Silver High Grade Copper Platinum Palladium   Cotton #2 Orange Juice Coffee Sugar #11 Cocoa Lumber   ICE Crude Oil Brent ICE Crude Oil WTI ICE Gas Oil ICE Natural Gas ICE RBOB Blendstock ICE Heating Oil   Euro Bund Euro Bobl Euro Schatz Euro Buxl Euro OAT Long-Term Euro BTP Long-Term Eurex Conf Long-Term Euro Bono Long-Term 10-Year Long Gilt 3-Month EuriBor 3-Month Sterling 3-Month Euroswiss   Rapeseed Feed Wheat Milling Wheat Corn   Euro Stoxx 50 Index FTSE 100 Index DAX Index Swiss Market Index CAC 40 Index AEX Index BEL 20 PSI 20 IBEX 35-Mini OMX Swedish Index VSTOXX Mini   Steel Scrap Steel Rebar   Cocoa #7 Coffee Robusta 10-T Sugar White #5                Stocks   Stocks        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Market Momentum   Market Performance   Top 100 Stocks   Today's Price Surprises   New Highs & Lows   Economic Overview   Earnings Within 7 Days   Earnings & Dividends   Stock Screener     Performance Leaders   Percent Change   Price Change   Range Change   Gap Up & Gap Down   Five Day Gainers         Most Active   Volume Leaders   Price Volume Leaders   Volume Advances   Trading Liquidity     Indices   Major Indices   S&P Indices   S&P Sectors   DOW Indices   Nasdaq Index   Russell Indices   Volatility Indices   Commodities Indices   US Sectors Indices         Trading Signals   New Recommendations   Top Stocks to Own   Top Signal Strength   Top Signal Direction   Stock Signal Upgrades     Sectors   Major Market Sectors   Industry Rankings   Industry Performance            Futures   Futures        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Long Term Trends   Today's Price Surprises   Highs & Lows   Futures Market Map   Performance Leaders   Most Active Futures   Prices by Exchange   Commitment of Traders     Commodity Groupings   Major Commodities   Currencies   Energies   Financials   Grains   Indices   Meats   Metals   Softs         Trading Signals   New Recommendations     Resources   Contract Specifications   Futures Expirations   First Notice Dates   Options Expirations         European Futures   Long Term Trends   Today's Price Surprises   Highs & Lows   Futures Market Map   Performance Leaders   Most Active Futures     European Groupings   Major Commodities   Energies   Financials   Grains   Indices   Metals   Softs            Forex   Forex        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Long Term Trends   Today's Price Surprises   Highs & Lows   Forex Market Map   Performance Leaders         Currency Groupings   Major Cross Rates   Australian Dollar   British Pound   Canadian Dollar   Euro FX   Japanese Yen   Swiss Franc   US Dollar   Metals Rates   All Forex Markets         Trading Signals   New Recommendations     Resources   Currency Converter             Options   Options        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Unusual Options Activity   Most Active Options   Highest Implied Volatility   %Change in Volatility   Change in Open Interest   Volume Leaders         Advanced Groupings   Covered Calls   Naked Puts   Bull Call Spreads   Bear Call Spreads   Bear Put Spreads   Bull Put Spreads         Optionable Stocks   Upcoming Earnings   Stocks by Sector            ETFs & Funds   ETFs & Funds        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Major ETFs   ETFs by Asset Class   Top 100 ETFs   Today's Price Surprises   New Highs & Lows   ETFs Screener     Performance Leaders   Percent Change   Price Change   Range Change   Gap Up & Gap Down   Five Day Gainers         Most Active   Volume Leaders   Price Volume Leaders   Volume Advances     Trading Signals   New Recommendations   Top ETFs to Own   Top Signal Strength   Top Signal Direction   ETFs Signal Upgrades         Mutual Funds   Today's Price Surprises   New Highs & Lows   Performance   Price Change   Funds Screener            News   News        Market Pulse   News Overview   Top Stories   Forex News   Options News     Futures Commentary   All Sectors   Currencies   Energies   Financials   Grains   Indices   Meats   Metals   Softs         News by Sector   Aerospace   Agriculture   Business Services   Construction   Consumer Products   Corporate   Economy   Energy & Oil   Finance and Banking   Industrial Products   Leisure & Recreation   Media   Medical   Retail Sales   Technology & Computers   Transportation   Utilities         Barchart Exclusive   Van Meerten Stock Picks   Chart of the Day   Barchart Morning Call     Featured Sources   Zacks News   Brugler Ag Report            My Barchart   My Barchart   My Barchart        Tools   My Barchart   Watchlist   Portfolio   Portfolio Summary   Alerts         Manage Tools   Organize Watchlists   Organize Portfolios   Organize Screeners   Custom Views   Chart Templates     Account   My Profile   Site Preferences         Subscriptions   End-of-Day Watchlists   End-of-Day Portfolios   End-of-Day Reports   Barchart Newsletters   Barchart Premier           Premium Services        Barchart Premier    Access a cleaner, faster browsing experience of Barchart.com with tools and services exclusive to Premier Members.   Learn More      Trends in Futures    Learn how to analyze long term trends with Trader and Barchart's Chief Market Strategist, Gary Kamen.   Learn More      Barchart Trader    Trade from your desktop, tablet or phone with our real-time trading software.   Learn More      Futures Trading Education    Launch your own "Greatest Business on Earth" by following seasoned trader, Jim Prince, as he breaks down best ways to trade commodities.   Learn More                                          Menu      quotes   Overview   Performance Report     charts   Interactive Chart   Technical Chart      

                -->
    



  technicals   Technical Analysis   Trader's Cheat Sheet   Barchart Opinion   Trading Strategies   Price History     company   News   Stock Comparison         

                -->
    



        

                -->
    


        Cataca Resources Inc. (CATQ)     [[ item.lastPrice ]]  [[ item.priceChange ]]  ([[ item.percentChange ]])  [[ item.tradeTime ]]  [OTHER OTC]    [[ item.bidPrice ]] x [[ item.bidSize ]]  [[ item.askPrice ]] x [[ item.askSize ]]    [[ session ]]  by (BATS)    [[ item.lastPrice ]]  [[ item.priceChange ]]  ([[ item.percentChange ]])  [[ item.tradeTime ]] [OTHER OTC]    [[ item.bidPrice ]]  x [[ item.bidSize ]]  [[ item.askPrice ]]  x [[ item.askSize ]]    [[ session ]] [[ item.lastPriceExt ]]  [[ item.priceChangeExt ]] ([[ item.percentChangeExt ]])  [[ item.tradeTimeExt ]]     Barchart Opinion for [[ item.sessionDateDisplayLong ]]      Go To:     Overview     Performance Report     Interactive Chart     Technical Chart     Technical Analysis     Trader's Cheat Sheet     Barchart Opinion     Trading Strategies     Price History     News     Stock Comparison          Set Alerts    Watchlist      In order to properly form an accurate opinion, the symbol has to have more than 6 months of trading activity.  Barchart Opinions show traders what a variety of popular trading systems are suggesting in terms of going long or short the market. The Opinions takes up to 2 years worth of historical data and runs these prices through thirteen different technical indicators. After each calculation the program assigns a buy, sell or hold value for each study, depending on where the price lies in reference to the common interpretation of the study. Barchart Opinions are not a recommendation to buy or sell a security. Your decision whether or not to make a purchase should be based on your own due diligence and not on any representation we make to you.     

                -->
    



  Support & Resistance       2nd Resistance Point 2.3367   1st Resistance Point 2.2133   Last Price 2.0900   1st Support Level 1.8833   2nd Support Level 1.6767       See More              Log In or Sign Up    Log Out      Market:  Market:         US       Canada       UK       Australia       HOME    Stocks   Market Pulse  Market Overview Market Momentum Market Performance Top 100 Stocks Today's Price Surprises New Highs & Lows Economic Overview Earnings Within 7 Days Earnings & Dividends Stock Screener    Performance Leaders  Percent Change Price Change Range Change Gap Up & Gap Down Five Day Gainers    Most Active  Volume Leaders Price Volume Leaders Volume Advances Trading Liquidity    Indices  Major Indices S&P Indices S&P Sectors DOW Indices Nasdaq Index Russell Indices Volatility Indices Commodities Indices US Sectors Indices    Trading Signals  New Recommendations Top Stocks to Own Top Signal Strength Top Signal Direction Stock Signal Upgrades    Sectors  Major Market Sectors Industry Rankings Industry Performance      Futures   Market Pulse  Market Overview Long Term Trends Today's Price Surprises Highs & Lows Futures Market Map Performance Leaders Most Active Futures Prices by Exchange Commitment of Traders    Commodity Groupings  Major Commodities Currencies Energies Financials Grains Indices Meats Metals Softs    Trading Signals  New Recommendations    Resources  Contract Specifications Futures Expirations First Notice Dates Options Expirations    European Futures  Long Term Trends Today's Price Surprises Highs & Lows Futures Market Map Performance Leaders Most Active Futures    European Groupings  Major Commodities Energies Financials Grains Indices Metals Softs      Forex   Market Pulse  Market Overview Long Term Trends Today's Price Surprises Highs & Lows Forex Market Map Performance Leaders    Currency Groupings  Major Cross Rates Australian Dollar British Pound Canadian Dollar Euro FX Japanese Yen Swiss Franc US Dollar Metals Rates All Forex Markets    Trading Signals  New Recommendations    Resources  Currency Converter       Options   Market Pulse  Market Overview Unusual Options Activity Most Active Options Highest Implied Volatility %Change in Volatility Change in Open Interest Volume Leaders    Advanced Groupings  Covered Calls Naked Puts Bull Call Spreads Bear Call Spreads Bear Put Spreads Bull Put Spreads    Optionable Stocks  Upcoming Earnings Stocks by Sector      ETFs & Funds   Market Pulse  Market Overview Major ETFs ETFs by Asset Class Top 100 ETFs Today's Price Surprises New Highs & Lows ETFs Screener    Performance Leaders  Percent Change Price Change Range Change Gap Up & Gap Down Five Day Gainers    Most Active  Volume Leaders Price Volume Leaders Volume Advances    Trading Signals  New Recommendations Top ETFs to Own Top Signal Strength Top Signal Direction ETFs Signal Upgrades    Mutual Funds  Today's Price Surprises New Highs & Lows Performance Price Change Funds Screener      News   Market Pulse  News Overview Top Stories Forex News Options News    Futures Commentary  All Sectors Currencies Energies Financials Grains Indices Meats Metals Softs    News by Sector  Aerospace Agriculture Business Services Construction Consumer Products Corporate Economy Energy & Oil Finance and Banking Industrial Products Leisure & Recreation Media Medical Retail Sales Technology & Computers Transportation Utilities    Barchart Exclusive  Van Meerten Stock Picks Chart of the Day Barchart Morning Call    Featured Sources  Zacks News Brugler Ag Report      My Barchart   Tools  My Barchart Watchlist Portfolio Portfolio Summary Alerts    Manage Tools  Organize Watchlists Organize Portfolios Organize Screeners Custom Views Chart Templates    Account  My Profile Site Preferences    Subscriptions  End-of-Day Watchlists End-of-Day Portfolios End-of-Day Reports Barchart Newsletters Barchart Premier      B2B SOLUTIONS   Market Data Feeds OnDemand Web APIs Website Solutions Barchart Trader Mobile Solutions ISV Solutions Enterprise Data Management (EDM) Agribusiness Technology Solutions        Report a Bug      Give Feedback          Barchart Opinion        Barchart Opinions show traders what a variety of popular trading indicators are suggesting in terms of going long or short. The Opinions takes up to 2 years worth of historical data and runs these prices through thirteen different technical indicators. After each calculation the program assigns a buy, sell or hold value for each study, depending on where the price lies in reference to the common interpretation of the study. For example if the price is above the moving average of the stock then this is generally considered an upward trend or a buy. Note: A security needs to have at least 101 active trading days in order to generate an Opinion reading. Calculations The Short, Medium and Long term indicators are grouped together and calculated separately for their groups. The overall indicator is a composite of all 13 studies listed on the page.  A Buy is assigned 1 point A Sell is assigned -1 point A Hold is assigned 0 points  The indicator value is determined by adding up the totals for the different groups and dividing this sum by the number of studies in the group, The indicator is expressed in terms of a percentage. If the total is greater than zero, then this is a Buy. If the total is zero, then this is a Hold. If the total is less than zero, then this is a Sell. To keep the results in a more logical format, we factor the overall opinion by 1.04 to keep the end result in multiples of 8 percentage points, with the exception of a 100% buy or sell. This is why the opinion indicators will be displayed as 8%, 16%, ... 88%, 96% and 100%, for example, rather the exact percentage value. Opinions are updated every ten minutes throughout the day, using delayed data from the exchanges.Support and Resistance This section shows a snapshot view of the Trader's Cheat Sheet with the Last Price, and four separate pivot points (2 Support Levels, and 2 Resistance Points). The Last Price shown is the last trade price at the time the quote page was displayed, and will not update every 10 seconds (as the Last Price at the top of the Quote page does). The Last Price will update only when the page is refreshed. Pivot points are used to identify intraday support, resistance and target levels. The pivot point and its support and resistance pairs are defined as follows, where H, L, C are the current day's high, low and close, respectively. Support and Resistance points are based on end-of-day prices and are intended for the current trading session if the market is open, or the next trading session if the market is closed.   Pivot Point: (P) = (H + L + C) / 3 First Resistance Level: (R1) = (2 * P) - L First Support Level: (S1) = (2 * P) - H Second Resistance Level: (R2) = P + (R1 - S1) Second Support Level: (S2) = P - (R1 - S1)                                  Add Data Columns to this Table Learn about our Custom Views   Want to use this as  your default charts setting? Learn about our Custom Templates   Switch the Market flag above for targeted data. Open the menu and switch the  Market flag for targeted data.    





















































            
    CATACA RESOURCES, INC - CATQ - Stock Price & News | The Motley Fool

        


























Skip to main content



The Motley Fool


Fool.com


Fool.co.uk


Fool.com.au


Fool.ca


Fool.sg


Fool.de





                Helping the world invest better since 1993.
            




Hi, Fool!




                    Premium Advice






                    Help

 Fool Answers
 Contact Us




Login




























Search

	    Search:
	


















































CATACA RESOURCES, INC
CATQ




More CATQ pages... 
Overview

Interactive Chart
Options
Historical Prices
Dividends


News & Headlines



Profile
Company Events
SEC Filings
Earnings/Growth
Financial Ratios
Wall St. Opinion


Major Holders
Insider Trades
Insider Roster


Income Statement
Balance Sheet
Cash Flow











CATQ stock quote

        $0.00
    




        $0.00
    
 
        (0.0%)
    

        BATS BZX Real Time Price as of December 31, 1969, 7:00 p.m.







CATACA RESOURCES, INC








Updates from The Motley Fool

                                    Latest updates on CATACA RESOURCES, INC from Fool.com.
                                    
                                
There is no available coverage of CATACA RESOURCES, INC at this time.







CATQ stock quote

        $0.00
    




        $0.00
    
 
        (0.0%)
    

        BATS BZX Real Time Price as of December 31, 1969, 7:00 p.m.















Stock Performance

 


View Interactive CATQ Charts



      Sponsored by
    








Key Data Points
Primary metrics and data points about CATACA RESOURCES, INC.




Current Price:
$0.00


Prev Close:
$0.00


Open:
$0.00


Bid:
$0.00


Ask:
$0.00


Day's Range:
$0.00 - $0.00


52wk Range:
$0.00 - $0.00


Volume:
0


Avg Vol
0


Market Cap:
$0


P/E (ttm):
0.00


EPS (ttm):
$0.00


Div & Yield:
$0.00 (0.0%)








Company Rating
What our community thinks about CATACA RESOURCES, INC.


CAPS Rating




 


0
Outperform


3
Underperform


CAPS All Stars


 


0
Outperform


1
Underperform





How do you think CATACA RESOURCES, INC will perform against the market?


Outperform


Underperform








Modal Outperform









Modal Underperform





You pick for CATACA RESOURCES, INC is winning



Score:
+97.74


Call:
Outperform


Time Frame:
Five Plus Years


Start Price:
$18.24


Start Date:
3/29/2007


Gain/Loss:
+$152.4%


S&P Gain/Loss:
+$54.7%














        Powered by 










Business Summary
Industry, sector and description for CATACA RESOURCES, INC.

CATACA RESOURCES, INC







            Exchange:
        
NASDAQOTH




 



 

Current











































Cataca Resources, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Cataca Resources, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Paths
Recent Transactions Financials



Cataca Resources, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2012




Headquarters


782 Ayala Avenue, Makati City, Metropolitan Manila 2130




Employees (Worldwide)


3




Industries


Non-Energy Mining & Minerals




Company Description


Cataca Resources, Inc. operates as a start-up pre-exploration mining company with a mineral claim in the Republic of the Philippines. The company was founded by Edward Barrios and Maxwell Ramos on December 11, 2012 and is headquartered in Culver City, CA.






 In The News
          See more




SEC
May 19, 2017





                        Cataca Resources, Inc. filed form 10-Q                    





SEC
April 18, 2017





                        Cataca Resources, Inc. filed form 10-K                    





SEC
November 18, 2016





                        Cataca Resources, Inc. filed form 10-Q                    





Marketwire (Canada)
October 17, 2016





                        Cataca Resources Completes Acquisition of FlitWays Technology, Inc.                     





Marketwire (Canada)
October 6, 2016





                        Cataca Resources Discusses FlitWays Business Model                     







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees





See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Cataca Resources, Inc.



                        Cataca Resources, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Cataca Resources, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Cataca Resources, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Cataca Resources, Inc. purchases Flitways Technology, Inc. (Inactive)                                                                       




 Details Hidden



                                    Cataca Resources, Inc. /Aro purchases Cataca Resources, Inc.                                                                       





 Key Stats and Financials as of 



Market Capitalization


$6.89M






See financial details and more using RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













Cataca Resources to Acquire FlitWays Technology Inc.HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 1 hr 14 minsS&P Futures2,478.00+4.75 (+0.19%)Dow Futures21,669.00+23.00 (+0.11%)Nasdaq Futures5,984.00+36.00 (+0.61%)Cataca Resources to Acquire FlitWays Technology Inc.MarketwiredSeptember 9, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareCULVER CITY, CA--(Marketwired - Sep 9, 2016) -  Cataca Resources, Inc. ("Cataca" or the "Company") (  OTC PINK :  CATQ ) is pleased to announce it has entered into a definitive Share Exchange Agreement to acquire all the issued and outstanding capital stock of FlitWays Technology Inc. ("FlitWays Technology"), a Los Angeles-based ground travel booking and scheduling company. The Company's sole officer and director, Tobi Aro, is the majority shareholder of FlitWays Technology.FlitWays is a ground travel booking and scheduling company revolutionizing the way travelers access rides through a reliable internally developed network of providers and state-of-the-art proprietary technology. FlitWays is available in all major US cities, including Los Angeles, San Francisco, Boston, New York, Chicago, San Diego, Miami, Orlando, Las Vegas, Honolulu, Washington DC, Seattle, Austin, Dallas, Houston, Tampa, Nashville, New Orleans and many more.Upon completion of this transaction, FlitWays Technology will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company will also take the necessary corporate and regulatory actions to change its name to FlitWays Technology, Inc. (or similar) and secure a new trading symbol to better reflect its new corporate name and business focus.The closing of the transaction contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement is subject to certain customary terms and conditions, including, but not limited to, the satisfactory completion of an ongoing audit of FlitWays Technology and corporate name change.Additional information regarding the proposed transaction can be found in the Company's most recent filings with SEC at www.sec.gov and further Company press releases.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextThe Fermi Paradox: Why Haven’t We Found Alien Life Anywhere Else in the Universe?Newsweek$90 - 90 Days - 1 "Bad Ass Body"Passion.ioSponsoredWall Street regulator says digital coin offerings may require oversightReutersMcDonald's CEO: 'You have a choice to either be the disrupter or the disrupted'CNBCYou can watch 300 Jedi fight 60,000 medieval soldiers thanks to technologyBGR NewsFirst Drive: 2017 Land Rover Discovery HSELand RoverSponsoredDaimler stands by diesel despite growing controversyAssociated PressKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderPhil Mickelson trash-talked Jordan Spieth at the Open Championship — and Phil is going to have to eat his wordsBusiness InsiderStudio 54 And The Debauchery That Ensued...Groovyhistory.comSponsoredAP Exclusive: Boy Scouts chief expected a fiery Trump speechAssociated PressAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoAmazon earnings — What you need to know in markets on ThursdayYahoo FinanceDo NOT pay your insurance until you try this.auto-insurance-discountsSponsoredDollar steadies after Fed skid, shares hit new highsReutersTrump’s big Foxconn announcement will bring jobs — and robotsYahoo FinanceWhat Does It Matter If Trump Repeatedly, Routinely Breaks the Law?HBK2: Hey idiot trumpanzees. Stop deflecting to Obama. Obama has broken zero laws as POTUS. This is a verifiable fact. The GOP would have already impeached him in those 6 years they had control of congress if he did. The biggest criminal and traitor having committed high treason is none other than cheetos jesus himself. You can find him in the white house tweeting at any moment. For some unknown reason the GOP is cowering in fear of this fraud. The trumpanzees just want someone to worship, even if it is an orange pile of #$%$. They want to express their anger at all other Americans for having elected Obama president, and their unjustified hate for Clinton. And if the Constituion, "Declaration of Independence", Comey, Colbert, or any other document, investigator, journalist, messengers, comedian, etc. happen to get in their way, they go into a fit of rage against them. They do NOT care if cheetos jesus sell off American to Russian, or if "R" in republican is now the same as "Russians". They just want to see the world burn because they are angry and #$%$ off at everything, and for others not respecting their special white snow flake status.Join the Conversation1 / 51.7k








