


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















			
				
				
					Saxe Mortgage Company
					-
					950 John Daly Blvd Suite 200
					Daly City
					CA
					94015
				
				
			
			
				- Local Search - SFGate.com Local Business Gatelist
			
		






































  MenuSections











MenuSections





 


 

 






950 John Daly Blvd Suite 200
Daly City
CA
94015
(415) 275-3179

www.saxemortgage.com









Call Us Today  (415) 275-3179  







                             Call Us Today (415) 275-3179
                           


 




Saxe Mortgage Company
950 John Daly Blvd Suite 200 Daly City, CA 94015
(415) 275-3179


|
www.saxemortgage.com


















Call us Today!





Overview
Directions



Overview
Directions





 About Saxe Mortgage
Company
Saxe Mortgage Company was first
founded in 1938 with humble beginnings and has over the years grown
into the leading private money mortgage lender in the San Francisco
Bay Area. We offer a host of different services to help
individuals, brokers, and more in our community.
Do you need a loan but you
don’t necessarily want to go through a big bank? Come to Saxe
Mortgage Company instead! We specialize in short-term real estate
financing for residential, commercial, multi-family, mixed-use, and
construction loans. This way you can get the loan that you need and
purchase the property that you want in little to no time. We have
recently funded many properties throughout our community, and you
can be next!
Loan
Types





Mixed-use Hard
Money
No Seasoning Private
Money 
Bad Credit 
Equity 
Multi-family Hard
Money
Commercial Hard
Money 




Commercial
Lending 
Hard Money
Hard Money Bridge
Hard Money 2nds
Private Money 2nds





Contact
Us Today!
We pride ourselves on our fast
closings, our integrity, and how we are broker-friendly. How do we
do it? We finance your real estate transactions through private
investor capital. Private money lending has increased exponentially
over the past years, which allows us to provide loans to our
clients.
Through our loan application
process, we will help you decide which type of loan is best for
your needs. Our experienced and professional team is here to help
you every step of the way.
 

Here at Saxe Mortgage Company,
we pay our investors 9+% secured by the best equity-rich real
estate in the most stable market, the San Francisco Bay Area. If
you are interested in learning more about our investment
opportunities or you’re interested in learning more about our
available loans, please give us a call. We look forward to talking
with you in the near future.



Products & Services
Short-Term Real Estate Financing
for Residential, Commercial, Multi-family, Mixed-use and
Construction Loans



Read More




Less







Get Directions








                                       Click to select your destination
                                     


















×
Sign Up for an Account


Claiming  your  business listing couldn't be easier! Just fill in the  information  below to begin making the most of your listing and we will  contact you  shortly to complete the process.


Business Name



Name



Phone Number



E-mail Address





Cancel



























Click Here For Directions







Areas Served

San Francisco Bay Area



More
Less

















	CA Bank Business Loan | CA Business Loan Rates | Fremont Bank


























































Talk to a Multifamily lending specialist: 844-413-4975






Looking to buy or refinance a multifamily property?

Talk To A
Business Banker
844-413-4975  Or Request a FREE Consultation  
 


Get Started Today





First Name*:




Last Name*:




Property Location*:




Loan Amount*:




Email*:




Phone*:


(

)

-

Second three digits
Last four digits



Enter security code:







             



 














Fremont Bank can help secure the lending you need if you are looking to buy or refinance a multifamily property of 5 units or more.


Premier service combined with 50+ years of local market expertise


Competitive rates and fees


Multiple prepayment options



Fill out the form and our Multifamily specialist will get in touch with you to explore options. 




Alex Cole
Commercial Relationship Manager
844-413-4975
Fremont Bank Commercial Lending







  
Certain restrictions apply and subject to change without notice. Credit applications subject to Fremont Bank’s underwriting requirements. Application fee, appraisal and/or other conditions may be required. Adequate property insurance (may include flood insurance) required. Prepayment penalty required.
 

© 2017 Fremont Bank | NMLS# 478471 | Privacy Notice | Terms & Conditions
Equal Housing Lender | Member FDIC
WLCOM-0042-0417














	CA Commercial Real Estate Loans | Commercial Loan CA | Fremont Bank

















































Locations
About Us
Careers





Search for:


 



800-359-2265









Commercial Real Estate Loans
 



Home > Business > Borrow > Commercial Real Estate Loans








Commercial Real Estate Loans





If you are looking to expand or relocate your business, or refinance existing debt, a Fremont Bank Commercial Real Estate Loan may be right for you:
Fremont Bank provides financing on a wide variety of properties including:

Office Buildings
Warehouse
Light Industrial
Retail

Features

Terms of up to ten years with twenty five year amortization
$500,000 minimum loan amount
Flexible fixed and variable rate options to match your needs

Meet our Commercial Relationship Managers

Alexis Kleinhans
Dipak Roy
Keith Fujita
Lou Scarpa
Ron LaRussa
Terick Albert









Find the Right Credit Card
We offer a variety of credit cards to meet your business needs. 
Learn More








Contact Us



First Name:


 


Last Name:


 


Business Name:


 


Email:


 


Phone:

(

)

-

Second three digits
Last four digits
 


Business/Property Location:


 


Loan Type:

- Select One -
Multifamily Real Estate
Commercial Real Estate
Commercial Line of Credit
Business Term Loan
Other



 


Loan Amount:


 




Enter security code:







             



 















Linking to Non-Fremont Bank Websites
The icon above appears next to every link that leads to a website that is not operated by Fremont Bank. We do not control the website. Fremont Bank has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website.

























	Fremont Bank | Bay Area CA Bank | Personal and Business Loans CA

















































Locations
About Us
Careers





Search for:


 



800-359-2265













Refinance to lower your interest rate.
Imagine what a difference it could make.

      10-year fixed rate, no closing costs2


2.990%APR1


Learn More




Access your home's equity
Learn more about our special HELOC offer when you apply by August 31st.



Learn More




Mobile Deposit
Mobile Deposit is secure, easy to use and convenient.

      Take photos of the front and back of your check and submit.
You’ll get a confirmation for each successful deposit.
    
Learn More




Home sweet home.
Enjoy the pleasures of home ownership.

      30-year fixed rate, no closing costs2


4.125%APR1


Get Started Today




Loans for HighCost Areas
Options with High-Balance Mortgage Loans


	No closing costs2 & points options for

	refinance or purchase loans



4.000%APR1



Learn More








Today's Mortgage Rates1
Call: 877-403-6345




30-Year Fixed Rate
4.125%APR1




15-Year Fixed Rate
3.375%APR1






10-Year Fixed Rate
2.990%APR1



No closing costs loans.
Loans up to 424,100
Effective: 7/26/2017 8:45 AM

1Assumptions





View Rates


Get Started


Sign up for Fremont Bank's Rate Watch






Digital Wallets
Discover more ways to pay with the convenience of a digital wallet.
Learn More








Open an Account Online
Choose an account that’s just right for you and apply online with our simple and secure application.
Get Started









Community Focused
Fremont Bank is proud to be known for its generous philanthropic efforts and inspiring commitment to community service. 

Community Relations






Newsroom

Stay Cool And Secure This Summer – Fraud Prevention
Summer is here and the temperature is rising...


Partnerships in Action: Arc of Alameda County 
The Arc of Alameda County is a 501(c)(3...

View All News


Careers
We would love to have you join our team! View Career Opportunities





Linking to Non-Fremont Bank Websites
The icon above appears next to every link that leads to a website that is not operated by Fremont Bank. We do not control the website. Fremont Bank has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website.


























	Multifamily Loans CA | Multifamily Loan Rate CA | Fremont Bank

















































Locations
About Us
Careers





Search for:


 



800-359-2265










	Multifamily Loans

	 



Home > Business > Borrow > Multifamily Loans








Multifamily Loans





Finance with a Lender You Can Trust - Call: 877-403-6349


	When it comes to financing an apartment building, Fremont Bank offers a variety of terms with some of the best rates in the country. Whether it's an initial purchase or a refinance we have the loan for you. Fremont Bank offers friendly service combined with years of experience and will work with you to find the loan that fits your needs.


		Highly competitive rates help to save you money

		Local decision making to give you a quicker response

		No point and cash-out options to give you greater flexibility

		Auto-debt payments available at no charge to give you greater convenience

		Close your purchase within 45 days from acceptance of a completed package

		Multiple fixed rate terms and maturities to suit your needs

		Up to 30 year amortization

		Financing available for properties located in CA


	Want the security of a fixed payment each month? Plan your monthly budget accurately and protect yourself against possible rising rates in the future. Our Multifamily Lending Team provides financing at extremely competitive rates for 5+ residential units and/or residential mixed use buildings up to $5MM.
	 

	Want the advantage of a lower initial rate? Reduce your payment now and save big on your short-term plans. Alternative financing is available for those properties which may not meet the Fannie Mae guidelines or may need a bit more flexible terms.
	 

	Meet our Multifamily Loan Officers


Grace Bautista
Lou Scarpa
Ron LaRussa
	 


	Certain restrictions apply and subject to change without notice. Credit applications subject to Fremont Bank's underwriting requirements. Application fee, appraisal, environmental, inspection, seismic and/or other conditions may be required. Adequate property insurance (may include flood insurance) required.












Contact Us



First Name:


 


Last Name:


 


Email:


 


Phone:

(

)

-

Second three digits
Last four digits
 


Business/Property Location:


 


Loan Type:

- Select One -
Multifamily Real Estate
Commercial Real Estate
Commercial Line of Credit
Business Term Loan
Other



 


Loan Amount:


 




Enter security code:







             



 




 





Find the Right Credit Card
We offer a variety of credit cards to meet your business needs. 
Learn More










Linking to Non-Fremont Bank Websites
The icon above appears next to every link that leads to a website that is not operated by Fremont Bank. We do not control the website. Fremont Bank has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website.

























	CA Business Loan | CA Bank Business Loan Rates | Fremont Bank

















































Locations
About Us
Careers





Search for:


 



800-359-2265









Business Loans
 



Home > Business > Borrow > Business Loans








Business Loans





If you’re a business owner looking to purchase equipment, inventory, or to refinance existing debt, a business loan might be right for you.

Features

Loan amounts of $25,000 and greater
Competitive fixed or variable rate options available
Flexible terms to meet your needs

Meet our Commercial Relationship Managers

Alexis Kleinhans
Dipak Roy
Keith Fujita
Lou Scarpa
Terick Albert









Find the Right Credit Card
We offer a variety of credit cards to meet your business needs. 
Learn More








Contact Us



First Name:


 


Last Name:


 


Business Name:


 


Email:


 


Phone:

(

)

-

Second three digits
Last four digits
 


Business/Property Location:


 


Loan Type:

- Select One -
Multifamily Real Estate
Commercial Real Estate
Commercial Line of Credit
Business Term Loan
Other



 


Loan Amount:


 




Enter security code:







             



 















Linking to Non-Fremont Bank Websites
The icon above appears next to every link that leads to a website that is not operated by Fremont Bank. We do not control the website. Fremont Bank has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website.





























Freddie Mac Small Balance Loans


















FreddieMac.com










Fast and Flexible Small Balance Loans
$1 million to $6 million financing for small multifamily properties with 5+ units




                    Request A Quote
                  



 




Flexible Financing That Fits Your Needs

              Choose from fixed- or floating-rate loans with flexible terms that work for you.
            








Fixed-Rate Loans

                     Enjoy fixed payments that never change plus the benefits of extended amortization
                    


                        5-, 7- and 10-year term
                        30-year amortization
                      





Hybrid ARM Loans

                      Get the lowest rates during an initial fixed-rate term, then periodic adjustments based on LIBOR
                    


                          5-, 7- or 10-year initial fixed-rate period
                          
                          30-year amortization
                    











Unbeatable Terms



                          Non-recourse
                          Coupon pricing
                          Up to 80% LTV
                          Interest-only available
                          Cash-out Options
                          Declining prepayment
                        












                  Request A Quote
                




Download Product Info
                










We Make It Fast and Easy

              Our straightforward process eliminates headaches and hassles that can slow you down.
            




1

Quote

                    Fill out an application with an approved lender. They'll provide a simple coupon quote, which can be locked until closing.
                  






2

Underwrite

                    Your lender completes due diligence and sends your loan to us for approval. No cookie-cutters here; we review each loan and provide creative solutions for unique or complex transactions.
                  






3

Close

                    Once approved, you sign a commitment letter that outlines terms. Then, set a date to close.
                  







                  Request A Quote
              









The Freddie Mac Difference

              We are the leader in multifamily financing. Whether you want to grow your portfolio, improve performance or meet other goals, we can get you there.
            








Strength
We've funded over $6 billion in small loans, offering the best terms and choice nationwide.











Reliability
We oversee servicing on each loan to ensure you get the attention you deserve.











Commitment
Once approved, you sign a commitment letter that outlines terms. Then, set a date to close.








                Request A Quote
              











Recent Deals










                              13 Units - Minneapolis, MN
$2.45 million
                              LENDER: ReadyCap
                            








                              20 units - Austin, TX
$1.439 million
                              LENDER: CBRE
                            








                              25 Units - Denver, CO
$2.425 million
                              LENDER: Greystone
                            












                              170 Units - Cincinnati, OH
$5.999 million
                              LENDER: Hunt
                            







56 Units - Greenwood, IN
$2.796 million
                              LENDER: Sabal
                            







24 Units -Dallas, TX
$2.197 million
                              LENDER: Arbor
                            















13 Units - Minneapolis, MN
$2.45 million
                              LENDER: ReadyCap
                            







20 units - Austin, TX
$1.439 million
                                LENDER: CBRE
                            








25 Units - Denver, CO
$2.425 million
                              LENDER: Greystone
                            







170 Units - Cincinnati, OH
$5.999 million
                              LENDER: Hunt
                            







56 Units - Greenwood, IN
$2.796 million
                              LENDER: Sabal
                            







24 Units -Dallas, TX
$2.197 million
                              LENDER: Arbor
                            









                  Request A Quote
                








Investor Tips and Insights 










May 8, 2017
Cash in on Market Improvements: 5 Tips
If you own a small multifamily property—now, more than ever—it’s good to be you.













May 8, 2017
Rising Rates: 3 Things to Know Before Financing
Rising rates have the potential to reduce your loan proceeds.













May 8, 2017
The Surprising Truth About Agency Lending
When you hear the words "agency financing" you're probably thinking tortoise more than hare.













Our Lenders






Pinnacle Financial Partners offers a streamlined execution for apartment loans that help provide liquidity, stability and certainty of execution to the affordable rental housing market.
Go to this lender's website







CBRE brings local market expertise and experience to the table. They provide unique solutions for small balance investors with their underwriting, closing and servicing departments. CBRE offers Freddie Mac loans throughout the country.
Go to this lender's website







Community Preservation Cooperation offers flexible terms and prepayment options, competitive low rates, and streamlined pricing, underwriting, closing, and funding process.
Go to this lender's website







Arbor has a long-established presence in the small loans market, offering personalized service, flexible terms and certainty of execution. Arbor provides Freddie Mac loans for properties in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. 
Go to this lender's website







Greystone provides reliable and fast apartment building loans with competitive rates and fee structures.
Go to this lender's website







Capital One Multifamily Finance provides a full range of competitively priced mortgage products for the acquisition, refinancing and rehabilitation of multifamily high-rises and communities. Capital One Multifamily offers Freddie Mac financing extensively in the Northeast, Southeast, and West Coast. 
Go to this lender's website







Hunt Mortgage Group is committed to speed and innovation with small properties. Their in-market experts can deliver flexible solutions that simplify due diligence and loan documents.
Go to this lender's website







Red Capital Group offers a streamlined small balance loan documentation and processing from pricing to underwriting and closing.
Go to this lender's website







PennyMac offers highly competitive rates on small balance multifamily loans nationwide for purchase, refinances or cash-outs. They provide tailored service to help your loan close.
Go to this lender's website







Sabal originates loans through a trusted network of brokers who work directly with borrowers. SNAP, their secure online platform, provides instant access to quotes and loan documents.
Go to this lender's website







ReadyCap specializes in small balance properties, offering a diverse array of loan products with efficient process and closings. They work with brokers, bankers and borrowers directly to find unique financing solutions for commercial real estate.
Go to this lender's website








Request a quote from one of our approved nationwide lenders today!



                  Request A Quote
                










 







 















5 Steps to Independence Video










































Close







BILL RAPP


Loan Officer | NMLS 228246Licensed in AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, IL, LA, NJ, OH, OK, PA, TX, & VA














STEP 1 : WATCH THE VIDEO







RITCHIE DERAICHE









STEP 2: BOOK YOUR FREE ANALYSIS SESSION





Click here - Phone App & Mortgage Calculator







CONSULT AN EXPERT - FREE OF CHARGE




































GET YOUR FREE ANALYSIS








REQUEST YOUR FREE ANALYSIS SESSION


















Step 3: Download your free Mortgage Calculator









HERE'S WHAT YOU WILL RECEIVE ON THAT FREE ANALYSIS SESSION:








COMPLETELY FREE CREDIT SCORE BOOSTING AUDIT 


A STEP-BY-STEP PLAN TO BUY AN INVESTMENT PROPERTY THOUSANDS UNDER THE LISTING PRICE















KNOWLEDGEABLE, HONEST, AND RELIABLE


“I will definitely keep you in mind . If anyone I know needs financing, I will send them your way!”







COULD NOT HAVE ASKED FOR A BETTER EXPERIENCE..








WITH PROVEN STRATEGIES, PROVEN RESULTS, HERE'S WHAT MY CLIENTS SAY:


JONSALEEM,CRPC®FINANCIALADVISOR – HOUSTON, TX





"Best damn Mortgage guy a man could know!"







GABE & CHELSEA JACKSON – PEARLAND, TX


Resources & Links1. CLICK HERE FOR PRIVATE FUNDING FOR "FLIPS"2. FIND A CCIM BROKER3. CLICK HERE FOR CREDIT REPAIR INFORMATION

















CLAIM YOUR FREE ANALYSIS SESSION NOW




































GET YOUR FREE ANALYSIS








REQUEST YOUR FREE ANALYSIS SESSION








Save Thousands of dollars with your free analysis session - claim it below







Commercial Financing
If you have never had to deal with commercial real estate financing, you may find it intimidating. That is certainly the case for most first-time commercial borrowers. Commercial real estate mortgages are quite different from their residential cousins in terms of both complexity and cost. But getting the facts before you apply for a loan should eliminate any fears about this fantastic business financing technique.

The Basics of Commercial Real Estate Financing

Commercial real estate financing is very similar to residential mortgage lending in that real property is pledged as collateral against a loan to either buy or refinance the property. A business may also borrow against the equity in property it owns, which like its residential counterpart can take the form of a business line of credit or a lump sum payment for any business purpose. Commercial real estate mortgages generally require regular payments of principal and interest -- commercial mortgage rates can be either fixed or variable -- until the loan is paid in full. Moreover, a commercial lender retains a security interest in the property throughout the loan term, with the same right to foreclose if the borrower defaults as a residential lender. 

What distinguishes commercial mortgage lending from residential lending are the characteristics of the property and the borrower. Unlike residential mortgages, which are geared toward the individual and 1-4 unit residential dwellings, commercial property financing is designed for business entities -- both for profit and not-for-profit -- to mortgage nearly any type of retail, office, industrial, multi-unit (5+) unit residential, or just about any other commercially zoned real property.

Because of these property and borrower characteristics, commercial real estate mortgages are viewed as higher risk transactions by the lending industry. The limited marketability of commercial property and higher risk of borrower default translates to less generous terms and more conservative underwriting by commercial mortgage lenders than those found in the residential arena. If a lender has to take possession of a commercial property through foreclosure, it will generally have much more difficulty selling it to recoup its money than it would a house. To compensate for the greater risk, commercial mortgage rates are substantially higher as are down payment requirements, and loan terms are shorter (typically a maximum of 25/30 years). 

Commercial mortgage lenders prefer a solid business borrower, but for newer businesses or companies that cannot meet the required financial performance standards, a personal guarantee of repayment from one or more of the firm's principals may be used to compensate. 

A final important difference between commercial real estate financing and the residential variety is that commercial real estate mortgages are more expensive to process and close. Not only are they much larger loans on average than residential mortgages, but nearly every aspect of the "due diligence" phase -- from valuation, to title, to underwriting -- is more complicated and, therefore, more costly. 

An Illustration: The "Vanilla" Commercial Mortgage Loan

To help you understand how commercial mortgage lending works in practice, here are the major characteristics of a standard "vanilla" commercial mortgage loan.

Debt Coverage Ratio

Commercial real estate financing is based primarily on the income of the property rather than the borrower. The lender will want evidence that the property will produce more than enough income to cover the mortgage payments. Generally, commercial mortgage lenders require the property to produce from 1.1 to 1.25 times the monthly mortgage payment in net rental income. For example, if the monthly mortgage payment is $2,000, the property should be producing $2,200 to $2,500 after all expenses are paid. 

Down Payment

Commercial mortgage loans typically require a borrower to put a minimum of 25% down. A higher down payment may be required for certain properties that carry greater risk, newer companies or those without a solid track record of consistent profitability.

Prepayment Penalties

Commercial real estate mortgages normally carry deescalating prepayment penalties, that is, a fee due to the lender if the loan is paid off within a certain period of time after it is made. For example, the fee might be 5% of the outstanding balance during the first year, 4% the second year, and so on, with no penalty after the fifth year. For obvious reasons, prepayment penalties are a particularly important consideration for a business that may not wish to -- or be able to -- own the property long enough to avoid them.

Although these characteristics illustrate a “standard” in commercial real estate mortgages, you can find many lenders with flexibility in any of them. Generally, deviating from a standard will entail an offsetting adjustment in others to compensate for the increased risk. For example, an up-front fee or higher interest rate might reduce or entirely eliminate a prepayment penalty, while a personal guarantee from one or more company owners might reduce the required down payment.
Where to Go For Commercial Real Estate Financing

Commercial mortgage lending is widely available throughout the U.S. The three most common sources of commercial real estate mortgages are:
1. Commercial Mortgage Backed Securities2. Regional Banks3. Private Equity Companies - i.e. Life Insurance Companies / Pension Manager / Hedge Funds4. Specialty Finance Companies - i.e. Third-Party ("Conduit") and Hard Money Lenders
Commercial Mortgage Brokers
Naturally, most business owners turn to banks -- particularly ones with whom they have established relationships -- for their commercial real estate financing. On the one hand, banks tend to offer the lowest commercial mortgage rates; on the other, they are the most rigid in their lending. Many banks will refuse loans on certain classes of property or exclude companies from specific industries. They also require more documentation and may charge higher fees than other commercial mortgage lending sources.

Conduit and hard money lenders can fund commercial mortgage loans with less documentation and more quickly than banks. Because their money comes from private sources, insurance companies, and commercial lines of credit, they can be much more flexible in their lending. You will find that hard money lenders, in particular, will loan money at lightning speed on virtually any type of property with much less stringent criteria for their borrowers -- all at a cost: Hard Money Lenders charge significantly higher mortgage rates than banks.

For larger capital needs, companies often turn to private equity companies. Private equity companies can provide critical commercial real estate financing on the total cost of a project. The equity range is the difference between the total cost of the real estate and the amount the senior lender is willing to provide -- normally no more than 75 percent of costs. So, for a $5 million project, commercial mortgage lenders would typically loan no more than $3.8 million, leaving $1.2 million in the equity range for the borrower to fund. If the borrowing entity has $200,000 in cash to put into the project, it could consider a mezzanine loan or an equity capital investment to come up with the remaining $1 million. Private Equity Companies are quite versatile and they can provide creative, flexible financing solutions, but they expect a good return on investment, so their interest rates are considerably higher than those charged by commercial lenders. Commercial mortgage brokers don't fund loans directly. Instead, a good broker will conduct a thorough assessment of your needs and research the programs offered by other commercial mortgage lending sources to find you the right mortgage solution with the most competitive rates and fees. A good commercial mortgage broker will have established relationships with many different lenders offering a wide variety of lending programs, giving you access to financing you might not be able to find on your own. As an added benefit, commercial mortgage brokers handle the tedious details of loan processing and packaging, making an otherwise complex transaction less stressful and saving you much time and energy. Using just any commercial mortgage broker could cost you either in up-front fees, a higher than market interest rate, or both. A good one, though, will orchestrate a smooth transaction with an optimal loan suited to your company's specific needs at a competitive rate.

With so many choices, it is important that you shop around, but the goal of your shopping should not be just to get the best rate. As is the case in residential mortgages, commercial mortgage rates and terms will vary from one lending source to the next. But with such a big financial commitment at stake, unless you have expertise in commercial real estate financing, you need a trusted advisor to both help you understand and to guide you through the complex process that defines a commercial mortgage loan. 

Regardless of the source you ultimately use, a little preparation before you begin your search for commercial real estate financing will go a long way towards reducing stress and assuring a good outcome.

Preparation: The Key to a Smooth Commercial Mortgage Lending Process

When you are ready to begin your search for a commercial mortgage lender, some advance preparation will serve you well. The complex nature of commercial real estate financing means you cannot expect to "rate shop" multiple lenders with a few minutes on the telephone -- at least, not with any reliability. 
Any prospective lender you contact should ask you for the following information, which is needed to give you an informed, accurate decision about your company's ability to borrow and the approximate rates and terms you can expect: 1. Year-to-date profit & loss statement and balance sheet 2. Three years business income tax returns 3. Projected cash flow for the next 36 months
4. Personal Financial Statement and Resume for the Principal5. Property information
6. Written business plan
Having these items available will not only make your task easier, it will make it more likely you receive both an accurate quote and solid feedback on your loan request. Be wary of any prospective lender who will quote rates and terms without the required information. You could be in for nasty surprises later!

Commercial real estate financing is another of the business financing power tools available to your company. Unlike other types of credit for business, which typically have less attractive terms and a relatively short repayment period, commercial mortgage loans offer an excellent means to acquire property and manage risk with long-term, asset based financing, at attractive interest rates and with favorable tax treatment.









Copyright 2016 © Veterans.BillRappOnline.com


Bill Rapp


Terms & Conditions -


Loan Officer, Houston


Privacy Policy







832-956-0901Network Funding, LP9700 Richmond Ave Ste 320Houston, TX 77042NMLS 2297






















Limited Partnership Agreement Of Ccre Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.p - Mortgage Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Mortgage Agreement     > LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF CCRE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES, L.P

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Limited Partnership Agreement Of Ccre Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.p
Mortgage Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Mortgage Agreement involves CCRE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES, L.P. | Cantor Commercial Real Estate Lending Holdings, LLC | Cantor Commercial Real Estate Lending, LP | CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities Holdings, LLC | CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, LP Limited Partnership | Springing Limited. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF CCRE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES, L.P Governing Law: Delaware      Date: 3/16/2011 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










 


EXHIBIT 3.2

 


LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
AGREEMENT

OF

CCRE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES,
L.P.

 


March 15, 2011

 


This Limited
Partnership Agreement (together with the schedules attached hereto,
this “ Agreement ”) of CCRE Commercial
Mortgage Securities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the
“ Partnership ”), is entered into by CCRE
Commercial Mortgage Securities Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, as the general partner (the “
General Partner ”), Cantor Commercial Real
Estate Lending, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as the
limited partner (the “ Limited Partner
”), and  Victor A. Duva as the Springing Limited
Partner (as defined on Schedule A
hereto).  Capitalized terms used and not otherwise
defined herein have the respective meanings set forth on
Schedule A hereto.


 


WHEREAS, the
Partners, by the filing of the Certificate of Limited Partnership
and by the execution of this Agreement hereby form a limited
partnership pursuant to and in accordance with the Delaware Revised
Uniform Limited Partnership Act, (6 Del. §17-101 et
seq.) as amended from time to time (the “
Act ”) and this Agreement, and the Partners and
the Springing Limited Partner hereby agree as follows:


 


Section
1.                      
Name .


 


The name of the
limited partnership formed hereby is CCRE Commercial Mortgage
Securities, L.P.  All business of the Partnership shall
be conducted under such name and titles to all assets or property
owned by the Partnership shall be held in such name.


 


Section
2.                      
Principal Business Office .


 


The principal
business office of the Partnership shall be located at 110 East
59 th Street, New York, NY 10022, or at such other
location as may hereafter be determined by the General
Partner.  The General Partner may designate such other
principal place of business or other places to be used as
additional Partnership offices for the purpose of carrying on the
business of the Partnership.


 


Section
3.                      
Registered Office .


 


The address of
the registered office of the Partnership in the State of Delaware
is c/o The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street,
Wilmington, DE, 19801.


 


Section
4.                      
Registered Agent .


 


The name and
address of the registered agent of the Partnership for service of
process on the Partnership in the State of Delaware is The
Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, DE,
19801.


 


Section
5.                      
Partners.


 


 




 



 





 




 





 





(a)           The
mailing addresses of the Partners are set forth on Schedule
B attached hereto.  Upon their execution of a
counterpart signature page to this Agreement (i) CCRE Commercial
Mortgage Securities Holdings, LLC was hereby admitted as the
general partner of the Partnership, and (ii) Cantor Commercial Real
Estate Lending, L.P. was hereby admitted as the limited partner of
the Partnership.


 


(b)           Subject
to Section 9(d) , the Partners may act by written
consent.


 


The General Partner shall at all times cause
there to be a Person bound by this Agreement to act as a Springing
Limited Partner.  Upon the occurrence of any event that
causes the Limited Partner to cease to be a limited partner of the
Partnership (other than (i) upon continuation of the Partnership
without dissolution, (ii) upon an assignment by the Limited Partner
of all of its limited partner interest in the Partnership and the
prior or simultaneous admission of the transferee as a Limited
Partner pursuant to Sections 19 and 21 , or (iii) the
resignation of the Limited Partner and the admission of an
additional limited partner of the Partnership pursuant to
Sections 20 and 21 ), the Person acting as a
Springing Limited Partner shall, without any action of any Person
and simultaneously with the Limited Partner ceasing to be a limited
partner of the Partnership, automatically be admitted to the
Partnership as a Special Limited Partner and shall continue the
Partnership without dissolution.  No Special Limited
Partner may resign from the Partnership or transfer its rights as
Special Limited Partner unless a successor Special Limited Partner
has been admitted to the Partnership as Special Limited Partner by
executing a counterpart to this Agreement; provided, however, the
Special Limited Partner shall automatically cease to be a limited
partner of the Partnership upon the admission to the Partnership of
a substitute Limited Partner.  The Special Limited
Partner shall be a limited partner of the Partnership that has no
interest in the profits, losses and capital of the Partnership and
has no right to receive any distributions of Partnership
assets.  A Special Limited Partner shall not be required
to make any capital contributions to the Partnership and shall not
receive a limited partner interest in the Partnership.  A
Special Limited Partner, in its capacity as Special Limited
Partner, may not bind the Partnership.  Except as
required by any mandatory provision of the Act or this Agreement,
the Special Limited Partner, in its capacity as Special Limited
Partner, shall have no right to vote on, approve or otherwise
consent to any action by, or matter relating to, the Partnership,
including, without limitation, the merger, consolidation or
conversion of the Partnership.  In order to implement the
admission to the Partnership of the Special Limited Partner, the
Person acting as a Springing Limited Partner shall execute a
counterpart to this Agreement.  Prior to its admission to
the Partnership as Special Limited Partner, the Person acting as a
Springing Limited Partner shall not be a limited partner of the
Partnership.


 


Section
6.                      
Certificates .


 


The General
Partner has executed, delivered and filed the Certificate of
Limited Partnership of the Partnership with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware.  The General Partner or an
authorized designee shall execute, deliver and file any other
certificates (and any amendments and/or restatements thereof)
necessary for the Partnership to qualify to do business in any
jurisdiction in which the Partnership may wish to conduct
business.


 


The existence
of the Partnership as a separate legal entity shall continue until
cancellation of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as provided
in the Act.


 




 



 





 




 


 


Section
7.                      
Purposes .


 


The purpose to be conducted or promoted by the
Partnership is to engage in the following activities:


 


(a)


 







 




(i)




to acquire,
own, hold, sell, originate, transfer, convey, safekeep, dispose of,
assign, issue, pledge, borrow money against, finance, refinance,
administer and otherwise deal with (a) commercial real estate loans
and other related assets, (b) mortgage-backed securities, mortgage
participation certificates, or any other certificate or security,
and the beneficial ownership interest evidenced by such certificate
or security, backed by or evidencing an interest in a pool of
single family or multifamily commercial or residential mortgage
loans; (c) mortgage loans secured by mortgages, deeds of trust or
similar first or junior liens on single family or multifamily
residential properties, commercial properties or real estate
projects under construction, whether or not guaranteed or insured,
in whole or in part, by any governmental agency; and (d) related
insurance policies, cash, marketable securities and any other
assets designed to assure the servicing or timely distribution of
proceeds of such mortgage loans and any proceeds or further
rights  associated with any of the foregoing
(collectively, the “ Mortgage Assets
”);







 







 




(ii)




to establish
one or more trusts (each, a “ Trust ”) to
engage in any one or more of the activities described in this
Section 7 , each of which Trusts will deliver to the
Partnership (or its designee) (“ Trust Certificates
” ) representing the ownership interest in the assets of
such Trust, and to acquire, own, hold, sell,
transfer,  assign, pledge, finance, and otherwise deal
with any or all of the Trust Certificates in any Trust that it
establishes;







 







 




(iii)




to issue,
acquire, own, and hold one or more series of debt obligations
(“ Bonds ”), each issued pursuant to an
indenture (“ Indenture ”) and
collateralized by Mortgage Assets (provided that, unless such Bonds
are non-recourse obligations payable solely from the Mortgage
Assets pledged to secure such Bonds, the Bonds of any series other
than the initial series issued by the Partnership or any Trust
established by the Partnership have been rated in the same or a
higher rating category by the nationally recognized statistical
rating agency or agencies that rated the initial series of Bonds
issued by the Partnership or such Trust);







 







 




(iv)




to issue,
acquire, assume, own, hold, sell, transfer, assign, pledge and
finance indebtedness that (i) is subordinated to the Bonds; (ii) is
nonrecourse to the Partnership other than to cash flow on the
Mortgage Assets securing a series of Bonds issued by the
Partnership in excess of amounts necessary to pay bondholders of
such series; and (iii) does not








 




 



 





 




 


 


constitute a
claim against the Partnership to the extent that funds are
insufficient to pay such indebtedness; and


 







 




(v)




to engage in
any other lawful act or activity and to exercise any other powers
permitted to limited partnerships organized under the laws of the
State of Delaware that are related or incidental to the foregoing
and necessary, convenient or advisable to accomplish the
foregoing.







 


(b)           The
Partnership, by or through the General Partner on behalf of the
Partnership, may enter into and perform all documents, agreements,
certificates or financing statements relating to the Mortgage
Assets, the Trust Certificates, the Bonds or the Trusts, all
without any further act, vote or approval of any other Person
notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement.  Any and all actions heretofore taken by the
Partnership, and the General Partner or any Officer or Authorized
Person on behalf of the Partnership, in furtherance of any of the
foregoing are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed in all
respects.  The foregoing authorization shall not be
deemed a restriction on the powers of the Partnership or the
General Partner to enter into other agreements on behalf of the
Partnership.


 


Section
8.                      
Powers .


 


Subject to
Section 9(d) and Section 7 , the Partnership and the
General Partner on behalf of the Partnership (i) shall have and
exercise all powers necessary, convenient or incidental to
accomplish its purposes as set forth in Section 7 and (ii)
shall have and exercise all of the powers and rights conferred upon
limited partnerships formed pursuant to the Act.


 


Section
9.                      
Management .


 


(a)           
Authorized Representatives .  Subject to
Section 9(d) , the business and affairs of the Partnership
shall be managed by the General Partner.  Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary above, the General Partner may act through
such persons as it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary and
appropriate to perform its duties hereunder and may designate any
such persons as officers of the Partnership (“
Officers ”) or as authorized representatives of
the Partnership (“ Authorized Person
”).  The initial Officers of the Partnership
designated by the General Partner are listed on Schedule C hereto
and they shall have the power, until such time that the General
Partner determines otherwise, to do any and all acts necessary,
convenient or incidental to or for the furtherance of the purposes
described herein, including acting as an Authorized Person on
behalf of the Partnership, and the actions of the Officers taken in
accordance with such powers shall bind the Partnership.


 


(b)           
Powers . Subject to Section 9(d) , the General
Partner shall have full, exclusive and complete authority,
discretion, obligation and responsibility to make all decisions
affecting the business of the Partnership.  The General
Partner shall devote to the Partnership only so much of its time
as, in its discretion, may be necessary for the proper performance
of duties hereunder.  The General Partner shall have the
right to take all actions reasonably necessary to cause the
Partnership to comply with any Transaction Documents.


 


 




 



 





 




 


 


(c)           
Authority . Subject to Section 7 , the General
Partner has the authority to bind the
Partnership.  Except as provided herein, the Limited
Partner shall have no part in the operation or management of the
Partnership and shall have no authority or right to act on behalf
of or to bind the Partnership in connection with any
matter.


 


(d)           
Limitations on the Partnership's Activities .


 







 




(i)




This Section
9(d) is being adopted in order to comply with certain
provisions required in order to qualify the Partnership as a
“special purpose” entity.







 







 




(ii)




Neither the
General Partner nor the Limited Partner shall amend, alter, change
or repeal Sections 5(b), 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22,
23, 24, 27 or 29 or Schedule A (the “
SPE Provisions ”) of this Agreement without the
unanimous written consent of the General Partner and the Limited
Partner.  Subject to this Section 9(d) , the
General Partner reserves the right to amend, alter, change or
repeal any provisions contained in this Agreement in accordance
with Section 29 .   In the event of any
conflict between any of the SPE Provisions and any other provision
of this or any other document governing the formation, management
or operation of the Partnership, the Special Purpose Provisions
shall control.







 







 




(iii)




Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement and any provision of law that
otherwise so empowers the Partnership, the General Partner or any
other Person, neither the General Partner nor any other Person
shall be authorized or empowered on behalf of the Partnership to,
nor shall they permit the Partnership to, and the Partnership shall
not, without the prior unanimous written consent of the General
Partner, take any Material Action.







 







 




(iv)




Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Partnership shall,
and the General Partner shall cause the Partnership to, comply with
the following covenants:







 







 




(A)




Partnership
shall own no assets, and shall not engage in any business, other
than the assets and transactions specifically contemplated by
Section 7 of this Agreement and any other activities
incidental thereto;







 







 




(B)




Partnership
shall not incur, create or assume any indebtedness other than
indebtedness that is permitted pursuant to Section 7 of this
Agreement;







 







 




(C)




Partnership
shall not make any loans or advances to any Affiliate or third
party and shall not acquire obligations or securities of its
Affiliates;







 


 




 



 





 




 


 







 




(D)




Partnership
shall pay its debts and liabilities (including, as applicable,
shared personnel and overhead expenses) only from its own assets
and properties as the same shall become due;







 







 




(E)




Partnership
shall do all things necessary to observe organizational formalities
and to preserve its existence;







 







 




(F)




Partnership
shall (a) maintain all of its books, records, financial statements
and bank accounts separate from those of its Affiliates and any
constituent party (except that such financial statements may be
consolidated to the extent consolidation is required under GAAP;
provided, that (i) appropriate notation shall be made on such
consolidated financial statements to indicate the separateness of
the Partnership from such Affiliate and to indicate that the
Partnership’s assets and credit are not available to satisfy
the debts and other obligations of such Affiliate or any other
Person and (ii) such assets shall also be listed on the
Partnership’s own separate balance sheet) and (b) file its
own tax returns (to the extent the Partnership is required to file
any such tax returns);







 







 




(G)




Partnership
shall maintain its books, records, resolutions and agreements as
official records;







 







 




(H)




Partnership
shall be, and at all times shall hold itself out to the public as,
a legal entity separate and distinct from any other entity
(including any Affiliate), shall correct any known misunderstanding
regarding its status as a separate entity, shall conduct business
in its own name, and shall not identify itself or any of its
Affiliates as a division of the other;







 







 




(I)




Partnership
shall remain solvent and maintain adequate capital for the normal
obligations reasonably foreseeable in a business of its size and
character and in light of its contemplated business
operations;







 







 




(J)




Partnership
shall not engage in or suffer any dissolution, winding up,
liquidation, consolidation or merger in whole or in part or convey
or transfer all or substantially all of its properties and assets
to any Person (except as contemplated herein);







 







 




(K)




Partnership
shall not commingle its funds or other assets with those of any
Affiliate or any other Person and shall maintain its properties and
assets in such a manner that it would not be costly or difficult to
identify, segregate or ascertain its properties and assets from
those of any other Person;







 







 




(L)




Partnership
shall maintain its properties, assets and accounts separate from
those of any Affiliate or any other Person;







 


 




 



 





 




 


 







 




(M)




Partnership
shall not hold itself out to be responsible for the debts or
obligations of any other Person;







 







 




(N)




Except for
capital contributions or capital distributions permitted under the
terms and conditions of this Agreement and properly reflected on
the books and records of the Partnership, the Partnership shall not
enter into any transaction with an Affiliate of Seller except on
commercially reasonable terms similar to those available to
unaffiliated parties in an arm’s-length
transaction;







 







 




(O)




Partnership
shall use separate stationary, invoices and checks bearing its own
name that are separate from those of its Partners;







 







 




(P)




Partnership
shall allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead for shared office
space and for services performed by an employee of an
Affiliate;







 







 




(Q)




Partnership
shall not pledge its assets to secure the obligations of any other
Person and shall not guarantee or become obligated for the debts of
any other Person;







 







 




(R)




Partnership
shall pay the salaries of its own employees (if any) from its own
funds, maintain a sufficient number of employees (if any) in light
of its contemplated business operations and compensate each of its
consultants and agents from its funds for services provided to it
and pay from its own assets all obligations of any kind
incurred;







 







 




(S)




Partnership
shall cause all representatives of the Partnership to act at all
times with respect to the Partnership consistently and in
furtherance of the foregoing and in the best interests of the
Partnership;







 







 




(T)




Partnership
shall not engage, directly or indirectly, in any business other
than the actions required or permitted to be performed under
Section 7 or this Section 9 hereof;







 







 




(U)




Partnership
shall not permit any Affiliate or any Partner independent access to
its bank accounts;







 







 




(V)




Partnership
shall not engage in any sale of assets outside the ordinary course
of its business; and







 







 




(W)




Partnership
shall not form, acquire or hold any subsidiary (whether corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or other) or own any equity
interest in any other entity.







 


 




 



 





 




 


 








 




 





Failure of the
Partnership, or the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership,
to comply with any of the foregoing covenants or any other
covenants contained in this Agreement shall not affect the status
of the Partnership as a separate legal entity.









Section
10.                      
General Partner .



 


Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement and any provision of law that
otherwise so empowers the Partnership, the General Partner or any
other Person, neither the General Partner nor any other Person
shall be authorized or empowered on behalf of the Partnership to,
nor shall they permit the Partnership to, and the Partnership shall
not, without the prior unanimous written consent of the General
Partner, take any Material Action.


 


Section
11.                      
Limited Liability .


 


Except as
otherwise expressly required by law, the Limited Partner, in its
capacity as such, shall have no liability in excess of (a) the
amount of its capital contribution to the Partnership, (b) its
share of any undistributed profits and assets of the Partnership,
(c) its obligation to make other payments expressly provided for in
this Agreement, and (d) the amount of any distributions wrongfully
distributed to it.


 


Section
12.                      
Capital Contributions .


 


The General
Partner and the Limited Partner have initially contributed to the
Partnership property of an agreed value as listed on Schedule
B attached hereto.


 


Section
13.                      
Additional Contributions .


 


No Partner is
required to make any additional capital contribution to the
Partnership. However, a Partner may make additional capital
contributions to the Partnership at any time upon the written
consent of the General Partner.  To the extent that a
Partner makes an additional capital contribution to the
Partnership, the General Partner shall revise Schedule B of
this Agreement.  The provisions of this Agreement,
including this Section 13 , are intended to benefit the
General Partner, the Limited Partner and the Special Limited
Partner and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall not be
construed as conferring any benefit upon any creditor of the
Partnership (and no such creditor of the Partnership shall be a
third-party beneficiary of this Agreement) and neither the Limited
Partner nor the Special Limited Partner shall have any duty or
obligation to any creditor of the Partnership to make any
contribution to the Partnership or to issue any call for capital
pursuant to this Agreement.


 


Section
14.                      
Allocation of Profits and Losses .


 


The Partnership’s profits and losses shall
be allocated to the Partners in accordance with their Percentage
Interest as set forth on Schedule B .


 


Section
15.                      
Distributions .


 

(a)           The
Partnership shall make such distributions as the General Partner
determines.

 


 




 



 





 





 


Section
16.                      
Books and Records.


 


The General
Partner shall keep or cause to be kept complete and accurate books
of account and records with respect to the Partnership's
business.  The books of the Partnership shall at all
times be maintained by the General Partner.  The
Partnership's books of account shall be kept using the method of
accounting determined by the General Partner.  The
Partnership's independent auditor, if any, shall be an independent
public accounting firm selected by the General Partner.


 


Section
17.                      
Other Business .


 


The General
Partner, the Limited Partner, the Special Limited Partner and any
Affiliate of the General Partner, the Limited Partner or the
Special Limited Partner may engage in or possess an interest in
other business ventures (unconnected with the Partnership) of every
kind and description, independently or with others.  The
Partnership shall not have any rights in or to such independent
ventures or the income or profits therefrom by virtue of this
Agreement notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary at
law or in equity.


 


Section
18.                      
Exculpation and Indemnification .


 


(a)           To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, neither the General
Partner, nor the Limited Partner, nor the Special Limited Partner
nor any, employee or agent of the Partnership nor any employee,
representative, manager, agent or Affiliate of the General Partner,
the Limited Partner or the Special Limited Partner (collectively,
the “ Covered Persons ”) shall be liable
to the Partnership or any other Person who is a party to or
otherwise bound by the terms of this Agreement for any loss, damage
or claim incurred by reason of any act or omission performed or
omitted by such Covered Person in good faith on behalf of the
Partnership and in a manner reasonably believed to be within the
scope of the authority conferred on such Covered Person by this
Agreement, except that a Covered Person shall be liable for any
such loss, damage or claim incurred by reason of such Covered
Person's gross negligence or willful misconduct.


 


(b)           To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, a Covered Person
shall be entitled to indemnification from the Partnership for any
loss, damage or claim incurred by such Covered Person by reason of
any act or omission performed or omitted by such Covered Person in
good faith on behalf of the Partnership and in a manner reasonably
believed to be within the scope of the authority conferred on such
Covered Person by this Agreement, except that no Covered Person
shall be entitled to be indemnified in respect of any loss, damage
or claim incurred by such Covered Person by reason of such Covered
Person's gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to
such acts or omissions; pro



 








 


















Mortgage Agreement, Mortgage Contracts - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 45)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Mortgage Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>





A mortgage agreement is a document used when an individual (''Borrower'') is receiving a loan from a bank or lender (''Lender'') to purchase a home. The agreement helps secure the loan for the home, plus  certifies the lender will  take possession of the home if the event the borrower can no longer pay the mortgage. The agreement establishes the terms and condition of the loan between the two parties.Information contained within the agreement will include the original price of the loan amount, the interest rate for the borrower, the type of interest rate (variable vs. fixed rate) and the term length of the mortgage, with a beginning and end date for the mortgage.The document may also include a payment schedule for the loan, detailing when and how payment installments shall be made by the borrower. A loan may come with a guarantor, and if so, the guarantor information will be present in the agreement. Other items present in the mortgage agreement may include possible grace period information, and escrow.        



Mortgage Agreements 





	These Mortgage Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) Redwood Mortgage InvestorsParties: REDWOOD MORTGAGE INVESTORS VIII | Redwood Mortgage Corp 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017

2) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMDB COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2017-C5 | CWCapital Asset Management LLC | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Purchaser, JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp | Seller, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 3/31/2017

3) Redwood Mortgage InvestorsParties: REDWOOD MORTGAGE INVESTORS IX | Redwood Mortgage Corp 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017

4) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2017-RB1 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | C-III Asset Management LLC | Depositor and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Ross Stewart, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | SG Americas Securities, LLC | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | UBS Securities LLC | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Carlton Fields
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
5) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2017-RB1 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | C-III Asset Management LLC | Depositor and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | UBS AG | UBS Securities LLC | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Carlton Fields
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
6) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2017-RB1 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | C-III Asset Management LLC | Depositor and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | SG Americas Securities, LLC | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | UBS Securities LLC | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Carlton Fields
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
7) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMCC COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2017-JP5 | JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp | LNR Partners, LLC | Midland Loan Services | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Starwood Mortgage Capital LLC | Starwood Mortgage Funding VI LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 3/29/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
8) Owens Realty Mortgage, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Common Stock DividendParties: OWENS REALTY MORTGAGE, INC. | About Owens Realty Mortgage, Inc | Owens Financial Group, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/16/2017

9) New York Mortgage Trust Declares First Quarter 2017 Common Stock Dividend of $0.20 Per Share, and Preferred Stock DividendsParties: NEW YORK MORTGAGE TRUST INC | New York Mortgage Trust, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/16/2017

10) GRIFFIN ANNOUNCES CLOSING ON MORTGAGE LOANParties: GRIFFIN INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. | NEW YORK, NEW YORK (March 16, 2017) Griffin Industrial Realty, Inc | People's Bank | People's United Bank, NA 
								
								Document Date: 3/16/2017

11) Owens Realty Mortgage, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial ResultsParties: OWENS REALTY MORTGAGE, INC. | Owens Realty Mortgage, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/15/2017

12) CHERRY HILL MORTGAGE INVESTMENT CORPORATION ANNOUNCES FOURTH QUARTER 2016 RESULTSParties: CHERRY HILL MORTGAGE INVESTMENT CORP | CHERRY HILL MORTGAGE INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/14/2017

13) STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORPORATION ANNOUNCES DATE OF SPECIAL STOCKHOLDERS MEETING IN CONNECTION WITH ACQUISITION BY HOME POINT FINANCIAL CORPORATIONParties: STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORP | Home Point Financial Corporation | STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017

14) STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORPORATION REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER AND ANNUAL 2016 FINANCIAL RESULTSParties: STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORP | Stonegate Mortgage Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017

15) FORTY-SEVENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE to Original Mortgage Filed with Shawnee County Register of Deeds on July 1, 1939, at Book 778 Page 216 Dated as of March 6, 2017 First Mortgage Bonds, 3.10% Series due 2027Parties: WESTAR ENERGY INC /KS | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. | HARRIS TRUST AND SAVINGS BANK | Kansas Power and Light Company | Westar Energy, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/3/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Kansas
16) Dated as of February 24, 2017 to AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO POOLING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT between WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES, INC., as DepositorParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2014-LC18 | NATIONAL COOPERATIVE BANK, NA | Park Bridge Advisors LLC | Park Bridge Financial LLC | PARK BRIDGE LENDER SERVICES LLC | RIALTO CAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC | WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION | WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES, INC | WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/2/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
17) Dated as of February 24, 2017 to AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO POOLING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT between WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES, INC., as DepositorParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-C35 | CWCAPITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC | NATIONAL COOPERATIVE BANK, NA | PENTALPHA SURVEILLANCE LLC | WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION | WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES, INC | WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/2/2017

18) MORTGAGE LOAN PARTICIPATION PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT dated as of September 14, 2015 amongParties: PENNYMAC MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST | BARCLAYS BANK PLC | PennyMac Corp | PENNYMAC LOAN SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
19) MIDAMERICAN ENERGY COMPANY and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as the Mortgage Bond TrusteeParties: BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY ENERGY CO | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. | Illinois Commerce Commission | MIDAMERICAN ENERGY COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
20) Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 ResultsParties: IMPAC MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC | Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017

21) New York Mortgage Trust Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 ResultsParties: NEW YORK MORTGAGE TRUST INC | New York Mortgage Trust, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/21/2017

22) INVESCO MORTGAGE CAPITAL INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWSParties: INVESCO MORTGAGE CAPITAL INC. | INVESCO MORTGAGE CAPITAL INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Maryland
23) COMBINATION MORTGAGE, SECURITY AGREEMENT, FIXTURE FILING AND ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTSParties: WSI INDUSTRIES, INC. | Messerli  Kramer PA | TRADITION CAPITAL BANK | WSI INDUSTRIES, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Minnesota
24) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2017-BNK3 | Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc., One Bryant Park, New York, New York 10036, Attention | Depositor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Bank of America, National Association and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. The Certificates | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill, Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Midland Loan Services | Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Stanley  Co LLC | W. Todd Stillerman, Esq., Assistant General Counsel  Director, Bank of America Merrill Lynch Legal Department, 214 North Tryon Street, 18th Floor, NC1-027-20-05, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255 | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 2/16/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
25) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2017-BNK3 | Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc., One Bryant Park, New York, New York 10036, Attention | Bank of America, National Association, One Bryant Park, New York, New York 10036, Attention | Depositor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill, Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Midland Loan Services | MLPA Bank of America, National Association | Mortgage Loan Seller and Morgan Stanley Bank, NA | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Stanley  Co LLC | W. Todd Stillerman, Esq., Assistant General Counsel  Director, Bank of America Merrill Lynch Legal Department, 214 North Tryon Street, 18th Floor, NC1-027-20-05, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255 | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Morgan Stanley Bank, NA | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 2/16/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
26) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2017-BNK3 | Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc., One Bryant Park, New York, New York 10036, Attention | Bank of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-BNK3, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-BNK3 | Bank of America, National Association, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. | Depositor, Bank of America, National Association | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill, Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Midland Loan Services | Mortgage Loan Seller and Morgan Stanley Bank, NA | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Ross Stewart, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Stanley  Co LLC | W. Todd Stillerman, Esq., Assistant General Counsel  Director, Bank of America Merrill Lynch Legal Department, 214 North Tryon Street, 18th Floor, NC1-027-20-05, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255 | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 2/16/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
27) FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CODE OF REGULATIONS OF STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORPORATIONParties: STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORP | STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017

28) TAX ASSET PROTECTION PLAN dated as of January 26, 2017 between STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORPORATION and BROADRIDGE CORPORATE ISSUER SOLUTIONS, INC., as Rights AgentParties: STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORP | Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc | Home Point Financial Corporation | Longhorn Merger Sub, Inc | STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Ohio
29) AGNC MORTGAGE MANAGEMENT, LLC PERFORMANCE INCENTIVE PLAN - MTGEParties: AGNC INVESTMENT CORP. | AGNC Investment Corp | AGNC MORTGAGE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
30) FB Financial Corporation Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year End Results Strong Banking Growth and Results Offset by Lower Mortgage RevenuesParties: FB FINANCIAL CORP | NASHVILLE, Tenn--(BUSINESS WIRE)--January 26, 2017--FB Financial Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017

31) HOME POINT FINANCIAL TO ACQUIRE STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORPORATION All-cash transaction valued at approximately $211 million Stonegate Mortgage shareholders to receive $8.00 per share in cashParties: STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORP | ACQUIRE STONEGATE MORTGAGE CORPORATION | Home Point Financial Corporation 
								Law Firm: Sullivan Cromwell;Kirkland Ellis
								Document Date: 1/27/2017

32) NEW YORK MORTGAGE TRUST, INCParties: NEW YORK MORTGAGE TRUST INC | NEW YORK MORTGAGE TRUST, INC | US Bank National Association 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins
								Document Date: 1/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
33) Wells Fargo 4Q16 Supplement 1 Appendix Real estate 1-4 family mortgage portfolio 29 Consumer credit card portfolio 30 Auto portfolios 31 Student lending portfolio 32 Common Equity Tier 1 (Fully Phased-In) 33 Return on average tangible common equity (ROTCE) 34 Forward-looking statements and additionaParties: WELLS FARGO  COMPANY/MN | 20 Community Banking 21 Wholesale Banking 22 Wealth and Investment Management | 2017 Wells Fargo  Company 
								
								Document Date: 1/13/2017

34) Nationstar Mortgage Appoints New Chief Risk Officer Former Capital One Bank Executive Mihir Patel to Lead NSM's Enterprise-wide Risk ManagementParties: NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC. | Former Capital One Bank | Lead NSM's Enterprise-wide Risk Management | Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc 
								
								Document Date: 1/10/2017

35) OPEN-END MORTGAGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENTParties: HINES GLOBAL REIT II, INC. | NATIONWIDE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY | ROOKWOOD HOLDING COMPANY LLC | SPF ROOKWOOD PAVILION, LLC 
								Law Firm: Stroock Stroock;Dinsmore Shohl
								Document Date: 1/9/2017

36) OPEN-END MORTGAGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENTParties: HINES GLOBAL REIT II, INC. | NATIONWIDE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY | ROOKWOOD HOLDING COMPANY LLC | SPF ROOKWOOD COMMONS, LLC 
								Law Firm: Stroock Stroock;Dinsmore Shohl
								Document Date: 1/9/2017

37) CAPSTEAD MORTGAGE CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAMParties: CAPSTEAD MORTGAGE CORP | CAPSTEAD MORTGAGE CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 1/5/2017

38) CAPSTEAD MORTGAGE CORPORATION 2014 FLEXIBLE INCENTIVE PLAN 2017 LONG-TERM PERFORMANCE UNIT AWARD CRITERIAParties: CAPSTEAD MORTGAGE CORP | CAPSTEAD MORTGAGE CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 1/5/2017

39) PHH Corporation Announces Sale and Subservicing Agreements for its Entire non-GNMA Mortgage Servicing Rights PortfolioParties: PHH CORP | New Residential Investment Corp | PHH Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 12/28/2016

40) FLOW MORTGAGE LOAN SUBSERVICING AGREEMENTParties: PHH CORP | New Residential Investment Corp | Servicer, PHH Mortgage Corporation | Servicing Rights Owner, New Residential Mortgage LLC 
								Law Firm: Cades Schutte;DLA Piper;Reed Smith;Schwabe Williamson;Goodwin Procter;Duane Morris;Bryan Cave;Burr Forman;White Williams;Lane Powell;Williams Mullen;Lewis Brisbois;Ballard Spahr;Quarles Brady;Severson Werson;LeClair Ryan;Womble Carlyle
								Document Date: 12/28/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
41) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMCC COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2016-JP4 | Benefit Street Partners CRE Conduit Company, LP | JP MORGAN CHASE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORP | LNR Partners, LLC | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | Purchaser, JP Morgan Securities LLC | Seller, Benefit Street Partners CRE Finance LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
42) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMCC COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2016-JP4 | JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp | LNR Partners, LLC | LNR Property LLC | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | Purchaser, JP Morgan Securities LLC | Seller, Starwood Mortgage Funding VI LLC | Starwood Mortgage Capital LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
43) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-C37 | (212) 705-5001, (B) C-III Capital Partners LLC | (C) C-III Commercial Mortgage LLC | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | LNR Partners, LLC | MLPA C-III Commercial Mortgage LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
44) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of December 1, 2016 Series 2016-NXSRParties: CSMC 2016-NXSR COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST | Column Financial, Inc | CREDIT SUISSE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORP | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Torchlight Loan Services, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham;Dechert
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
45) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMCC COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2016-JP4 | JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp | LNR Partners, LLC | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | Purchaser, JP Morgan Securities LLC | Seller, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
46) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMCC COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2016-JP4 | JP MORGAN CHASE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORP | LNR Partners, LLC | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | Purchaser, JP Morgan Securities LLC | Seller, Ladder Capital Finance LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
47) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-C37 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | Ladder Capital Finance LLC | LNR Partners, LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
48) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-C37 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | LNR Partners, LLC | MLPA Rialto Mortgage Finance, LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
49) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-C37 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | LNR Partners, LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Silverpeak Real Estate Finance LLC | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
50) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-C37 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Bank PLC | Barclays Capital Inc | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | LNR Partners, LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Reed Smith
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445 
 
 

 
















Series CCRE - 2017C8





















Contact Us
Help



Shelf
Series
CUSIP



















CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P. 2017 - C8

To download/view a single report right click on the format icon and select the "Save Target As" option from the menu or click the format icon to view the report in your browser.



To download multiple reports select one or more check boxes and click on the Zip download button.  The Zip download option allows you to download a zip file containing all selected reports.  



Add to MyReports - To add cyclical reports to your "MyCTSLink" portfolio select one or more check boxes and click Add to MyReports.


Add to MySeries - To add this Series to your "MyCTSLink" portfolio click Add to MySeries.



 


		Periodic Reports
		

		Deal Documents
		

		Additional Documents
		

		Special Notices
		

		Investor Registry
		





Restricted Reports
This deal contains one or more reports available only to investors and other specific parties identified in the transaction documents. 



	You may obtain access to these restricted reports by completing the 
	
		
		
		
			
			
				Online Investor Certification
			
			
		
	
		, 
		
		
			
			
				Online Controlling Class Rep and/or Certificateholder Certification
			
			
		
	
		, 
		
		
			
			
				Online NRSRO Certification
			
			
		
	
		
		 or 
		
			
			
				Online Market Data Provider Certification







Series Documents

Document Name
					

					
					Format(s)
					


Current Cycle
						
Next Cycle
						
Next Available
						
History
						





								
								
									Distribution Date Statement 
								
							

Please Sign In


									07/17/2017
									
								
08/17/2017
08/17/2017 10:00AM EDT

Additional HistoryAdditional History for shelfId CCRE seriesId 2017C8 doc CCRE_2017C8_DDST 
								



								
								
									CREFC Bond Level File 
								
							

Please Sign In


									07/17/2017
									
								
08/17/2017
08/17/2017 10:00AM EDT

Additional HistoryAdditional History for shelfId CCRE seriesId 2017C8 doc CCRE_2017C8_CBND 
								



								
								
									CREFC Collateral Summary File 
								
							

Please Sign In


									07/17/2017
									
								
08/17/2017
08/17/2017 10:00AM EDT

Additional HistoryAdditional History for shelfId CCRE seriesId 2017C8 doc CCRE_2017C8_CCOL 
								



								
								
									CREFC Loan Periodic Update 
								
							

Please Sign In


									07/17/2017
									
								
08/17/2017
08/17/2017 10:00AM EDT

Additional HistoryAdditional History for shelfId CCRE seriesId 2017C8 doc CCRE_2017C8_LPER 
								



								
								
									CREFC Restricted Servicer Report 
								
							

Please Sign In


									07/17/2017
									
								
08/17/2017
08/17/2017 10:00AM EDT

Additional HistoryAdditional History for shelfId CCRE seriesId 2017C8 doc CCRE_2017C8_RSRV 
								









 
Investor Q&A Forum
The Investor Q&A Forum is being made available to certain persons pursuant to the transaction documents. Please direct any questions to the CTSLink customer service desk at 866-846-4526.

You may obtain authorization to access the Investor Q&A Forum by completing the Online Investor Certification (above).






















CCRE- Cantor Commercial Real Estate - CMBS Fixed & Floating Rate Loans



























CORPORATE

Management
News & Press
Announcements
Investor Relations


LENDING PROGRAM
FINANCINGS

Featured Loans
Loan Archive


CONTACT
LEGAL
PRIVACY
 




		General Inquiries(212) 915-1700
	












GENERAL INQUIRIES(212) 915-1700



CORPORATE

Management
News & Press
Announcements
Investor Relations


LENDING PROGRAM
FINANCINGS

Featured Loans
Loan Archive


CONTACT
LEGAL
PRIVACY



























CCRE IN THE NEWS


				Mortgage Observer  | March 4, 2015
Anthony Orso and Michael Lehrman Rank #1 in the 50 Most Important People in Commercial Real Estate Finance


				Bloomberg TV  | January 20, 2015
Anthony Orso discusses the recovery of commercial real estate on Bloomberg TV “Street Smart with Trish Regan”


				Crains | October 1, 2014
CCRE Ranks #1 in Crain’s 2014 Fast 50 List



MORE CCRE NEWS




ANNOUNCEMENTS
CCRE Co-CEOs Anthony Orso and Michael Lehrman Ranked No. 1 in “50 Most Important People in Commercial Real Estate Finance” by Mortgage Observer

																				New York, NY – March 4, 2015 – CCRE,a fully-integrated commercial real estate finance company, today announced that Co-CEO’s Anthony Orso and Michael Lehrman were ranked No. 1 in M				
read more >
ALL ANNOUNCEMENTS 


ANNOUNCEMENTS
CCRE Continues to Strengthen West Coast Presence

																				New York, NY - January 30, 2015 - CCRE, a fully-integrated commercial real estate finance company, today announced the expansion of its loan origination team with the appointment of Christof Laputk				
read more >
ALL ANNOUNCEMENTS 


ANNOUNCEMENTS
CCRE is Named #1 Fastest Growing Company in Crain’s New York Business 2014 Fast 50 Ranking

																				New York, NY – October 23, 2014 – CCRE, a fully-integrated commercial real estate finance company, today announced it ranked number one in Crain’s New York Business list of Fast 50				
read more >
ALL ANNOUNCEMENTS 


ANNOUNCEMENTS
CCRE Appoints Michael Lehrman Co-CEO

																				New York, NY – April 1, 2014 – CCRE, a leading fully-integrated commercial real estate finance company, announced that Michael Lehrman, Co-Founder of CCRE, has been named Co-CEO, a				
read more >
ALL ANNOUNCEMENTS 


ANNOUNCEMENTS
CCRE Ranked No. 1 in U.S. Multi-Borrower CMBS by Balance

																				New York, NY – November 27, 2013 – CCRE, a  fully-integrated commercial real estate finance company, today announced it  ranked No. 1 in U.S. Multi-Borrower CMBS by balance, accord				
read more >
ALL ANNOUNCEMENTS 


ANNOUNCEMENTS
CCRE Expands Credit Group to West Coast

																				New York, NY – September 30, 2013 – Cantor Commercial Real Estate (“CCRE”) announced the appointment of Marcus Breuer as a Director in the firm’s credit department, a move which expands the credit 				
read more >
ALL ANNOUNCEMENTS 


ANNOUNCEMENTS
CCRE Appoints Michael DeMarco as Chief Investment Officer

																				New York, NY - August 5, 2013 - Cantor Commercial Real Estate (""CCRE"), a fully-integrated commercial real estate finance company, today announced the appointment of Michael J. DeMarco as Chief In				
read more >
ALL ANNOUNCEMENTS 


ANNOUNCEMENTS
CCRE Expands Real Estate Finance Team Appointment of Industry Veteran Faisal Ashraf as Head of Special Situations

																				New York, NY - June 25, 2013 - Cantor Commercial Real Estate ("CCRE"), a fully-integrated commercial real estate finance company, today announced the appointment of Faisal Ashraf as Managing Direct				
read more >
ALL ANNOUNCEMENTS 


ANNOUNCEMENTS
CCRE Expands Credit Group to Match Growing Platform

																				Cantor Commercial Real Estate (“CCRE”) announced the promotion of Michael Kaplan to Head of Credit, and the appointment of Ari Schwartzbard as Director of Credit.   Mr. Kaplan joined CCRE in 2010 a				
read more >
ALL ANNOUNCEMENTS 


ANNOUNCEMENTS
CCRE Plans Expansion into Investment Management Business

																				New York, NY - March 11, 2013-Cantor Commercial Real Estate ("CCRE") today announced the appointment of Chris A. Milner as Head of Investment Management.  With over 20 years of experience in real e				
read more >
ALL ANNOUNCEMENTS 




CCRE FINANCINGS





$180,000,000 | Los Angeles, CA | Office | 2013






$220,000,000 | New York, NY | Hospitality Portfolio | 2013






$140,000,000 | South San Francisco, CA | Hospitality Portfolio | 2013






$48,400,000 | El Segundo, CA | Office | 2013






$290,000,000 | Las Vegas, NV | Retail | 2013






$54,000,000 | Salem, NH | Industrial Flex | 2013






$56,000,000 | Newport Beach, CA | Manufactured Housing Community | 2013






$231,000,000 | New York, NY | Office | 2012






$105,000,000 | New York, NY | Office | 2012






$35,000,000 | Dallas, TX | Office | 2012






$105,000,000 | Fairfield, CA | Retail | 2012






$200,000,000 | New York, NY | Office | 2012






$115,000,000 | North Attleboro, MA | Retail | 2012






$72,000,000 | Multi-State | Industrial | 2012






$54,500,000 | Mount Laurel, NJ | Office | 2012






$110,000,000 | Las Vegas, NV | Retail | 2012






$70,000,000 | New York, NY | Office | 2012






$59,175,000 | Philadelphia, PA | Office | 2012






$52,500,000 | Philadelphia, PA | Multifamily | 2012






$31,000,000 | Multi-State | Self Storage | 2012






$42,500,000 | Multi-State | Hospitality | 2012






$34,600,000 | Athens, OH | Student Housing | 2012






$34,100,000 | Las Vegas, NV | Retail | 2012






$130,000,000 | Washington, DC | Office | 2013






$83,300,000 | Cumming, GA | Mixed-Use | 2012






$70,455,000 | Las Vegas, NV | Retail | 2012






$30,750,000 | Hartford, CT | Office | 2013









©
			
			2012 Cantor Commercial Real Estate Company, L.P. All Rights Reserved		


Legal Statement | Privacy Statement 









HomeCorporateLendingFinancingsContact 
IN PARTNERSHIP WITH













Series CCRE - 2017C8





















Contact Us
Help



Shelf
Series
CUSIP



















CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P. 2017 - C8


 


		Periodic Reports
		

		Deal Documents
		

		Additional Documents
		

		Special Notices
		

		Investor Registry
		




Welcome to the Investor Registry
The Investor Registry is being made available, subject to the terms and provisions of the transaction documents, as a voluntary service to Certificateholders and Beneficial Owners who wish to communicate with other Certificateholders and Beneficial Owners.  You may not view the Investor Registry, unless you are a Certificateholder or Beneficial Owner of Certificates, and you have agreed to be listed thereon.  You authorize us to make your information available for at least 45 days to all others who similarly submit their information through this process.  We make no representation as to the accuracy or validity of the information on the Investor Registry and we do not undertake to keep it current.  For a complete and accurate list of Certificateholders and Beneficial Owners, you must follow the procedures listed in the transaction documents.   In order to be listed in the Investor Registry you must complete the Investor Registry Enrollment Form.
If you no longer own Certificates and wish to be removed from the Investor Registry, please call CTSLink Customer Service at 866-846-4526.



















 SECGems: CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
224













	 
	
	 110 EAST 59TH STREET
	 
	
	
	   NEW YORK, 
	   NY, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   212-938-5000    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2011-05-13CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P.








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001515166
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231
Std. Industrial Class.
6189 ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES










All related persons/companies# Filings





 CCRE 2015-RITZ Mortgage Trust


1




 CCRESG Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-HEAT (0001671939) 


1




 CFCRE 2015-RUM Mortgage Trust


1




 CFCRE 2016-C3 Mortgage Trust (0001661589) 


38




 CFCRE 2016-C4 Mortgage Trust (0001671048) 


27




 CFCRE 2016-C6 Mortgage Trust (0001685854) 


24




 CFCRE 2016-C7 Mortgage Trust (0001690110) 


35




 CFCRE 2017-C8 Mortgage Trust (0001703075) 


16




 CFCRE Commercial Mortgage Trust 2011-C2 (0001535706) 


46




 GSCCRE Commercial Mortgage Trust 2015-HULA


1







 








db
 
 












































CCRE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES, L.P. - Securities Registration Statement (simplified form) (S-3) EXHIBIT 3.1





















About EDGAR Online

|
Login












Dashboard
TodayCompany
Industry
Search
Screener
Analytics

  










 















Enter your Email for a Free Trial:








The following is an excerpt from a S-3 SEC Filing, filed by CCRE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES, L.P. on 3/16/2011.





 Next Section












 Previous Section





-- Use Sections To Navigate Through The Document --
FORM S-3
CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
SUBJECT TO COMPLETION DATED MARCH 16, 2011
TABLE OF CONTENTS
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
CERTIFICATE SUMMARY
B. Property Protection
RISK FACTORS
Present Conflicts of Interest
Additional Information
USE OF PROCEEDS
FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION
LEGAL MATTERS
RISK FACTORS 5
DESCRIPTION OF THE CERTIFICATES 11
RISK FACTORS
USE OF PROCEEDS
DESCRIPTION OF THE CERTIFICATES1
PART II
Item 14.           Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.
Item 15.         Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
Item 16.         Exhibits.
Item 17.         Undertakings.
SIGNATURES
POWER OF ATTORNEY
EXHIBIT INDEX
EXHIBIT 1.1
EXHIBIT 3.1
EXHIBIT 3.2
EXHIBIT 5.1












CCRE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES, L.P. - S-3 - 20110316 - EXHIBIT_3





	EXHIBIT 3.1



	 



	CERTIFICATE OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP



	 



	OF



	 



	CCRE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES, L.P.



	 



	This Certificate of Limited Partnership of CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P. (the “Partnership”) is being executed by the undersigned for the purpose of forming a limited partnership pursuant to the Delaware Uniform Limited Partnership Act.




	 







	 






	1.






	The name of the Partnership is

	CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P.









	 







	 






	2.






	The address of the registered office of the Partnership in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19801. The Partnership’s registered agent for service of process in the State of Delaware at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.







	 







	 






	3.






	The name and business addresses of the general partner of the Partnership are:







	 







	 






	CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities Holdings, LLC





	c/o Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P.





	110 East 59

	th

	Street





	New York, New York 10022










	 



	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, the general partner of the Partnership, has causes this Certificate of Limited Partnership of CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P. to be duly executed, as of this 9

	th

	day of February, 2011.



	 







	 




	 





	CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities Holdings, LLC





	 






	 




	 




	Its General Partner 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 







	 






	 





	/s/ Stephen M. Merkel




	 






	 




	 




	Name:  Stephen M. Merkel




	 






	 




	 




	Title:    Executive Managing Director




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 








	 









BROKERAGE PARTNERS


































© 1995-2017
EDGAR Online, Inc.
All rights reserved  NASDAQ:
EDGR 
Solutions for Corporations  
Terms of Use  
Privacy Statement












CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg







































  





















































































July 27, 2017 8:50 AM ET

Company Overview of CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, L.P., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















			
				
				
					Saxe Mortgage Company
					-
					950 John Daly Blvd Suite 200
					Daly City
					CA
					94015
				
				
			
			
				- Local Search - SFGate.com Local Business Gatelist
			
		






































  MenuSections











MenuSections





 


 

 






950 John Daly Blvd Suite 200
Daly City
CA
94015
(415) 275-3179

www.saxemortgage.com









Call Us Today  (415) 275-3179  







                             Call Us Today (415) 275-3179
                           


 




Saxe Mortgage Company
950 John Daly Blvd Suite 200 Daly City, CA 94015
(415) 275-3179


|
www.saxemortgage.com


















Call us Today!





Overview
Directions



Overview
Directions





 About Saxe Mortgage
Company
Saxe Mortgage Company was first
founded in 1938 with humble beginnings and has over the years grown
into the leading private money mortgage lender in the San Francisco
Bay Area. We offer a host of different services to help
individuals, brokers, and more in our community.
Do you need a loan but you
don’t necessarily want to go through a big bank? Come to Saxe
Mortgage Company instead! We specialize in short-term real estate
financing for residential, commercial, multi-family, mixed-use, and
construction loans. This way you can get the loan that you need and
purchase the property that you want in little to no time. We have
recently funded many properties throughout our community, and you
can be next!
Loan
Types





Mixed-use Hard
Money
No Seasoning Private
Money 
Bad Credit 
Equity 
Multi-family Hard
Money
Commercial Hard
Money 




Commercial
Lending 
Hard Money
Hard Money Bridge
Hard Money 2nds
Private Money 2nds





Contact
Us Today!
We pride ourselves on our fast
closings, our integrity, and how we are broker-friendly. How do we
do it? We finance your real estate transactions through private
investor capital. Private money lending has increased exponentially
over the past years, which allows us to provide loans to our
clients.
Through our loan application
process, we will help you decide which type of loan is best for
your needs. Our experienced and professional team is here to help
you every step of the way.
 

Here at Saxe Mortgage Company,
we pay our investors 9+% secured by the best equity-rich real
estate in the most stable market, the San Francisco Bay Area. If
you are interested in learning more about our investment
opportunities or you’re interested in learning more about our
available loans, please give us a call. We look forward to talking
with you in the near future.



Products & Services
Short-Term Real Estate Financing
for Residential, Commercial, Multi-family, Mixed-use and
Construction Loans



Read More




Less







Get Directions








                                       Click to select your destination
                                     


















×
Sign Up for an Account


Claiming  your  business listing couldn't be easier! Just fill in the  information  below to begin making the most of your listing and we will  contact you  shortly to complete the process.


Business Name



Name



Phone Number



E-mail Address





Cancel



























Click Here For Directions







Areas Served

San Francisco Bay Area



More
Less

















	CA Bank Business Loan | CA Business Loan Rates | Fremont Bank


























































Talk to a Multifamily lending specialist: 844-413-4975






Looking to buy or refinance a multifamily property?

Talk To A
Business Banker
844-413-4975  Or Request a FREE Consultation  
 


Get Started Today





First Name*:




Last Name*:




Property Location*:




Loan Amount*:




Email*:




Phone*:


(

)

-

Second three digits
Last four digits



Enter security code:







             



 














Fremont Bank can help secure the lending you need if you are looking to buy or refinance a multifamily property of 5 units or more.


Premier service combined with 50+ years of local market expertise


Competitive rates and fees


Multiple prepayment options



Fill out the form and our Multifamily specialist will get in touch with you to explore options. 




Alex Cole
Commercial Relationship Manager
844-413-4975
Fremont Bank Commercial Lending







  
Certain restrictions apply and subject to change without notice. Credit applications subject to Fremont Bank’s underwriting requirements. Application fee, appraisal and/or other conditions may be required. Adequate property insurance (may include flood insurance) required. Prepayment penalty required.
 

© 2017 Fremont Bank | NMLS# 478471 | Privacy Notice | Terms & Conditions
Equal Housing Lender | Member FDIC
WLCOM-0042-0417














	CA Commercial Real Estate Loans | Commercial Loan CA | Fremont Bank

















































Locations
About Us
Careers





Search for:


 



800-359-2265









Commercial Real Estate Loans
 



Home > Business > Borrow > Commercial Real Estate Loans








Commercial Real Estate Loans





If you are looking to expand or relocate your business, or refinance existing debt, a Fremont Bank Commercial Real Estate Loan may be right for you:
Fremont Bank provides financing on a wide variety of properties including:

Office Buildings
Warehouse
Light Industrial
Retail

Features

Terms of up to ten years with twenty five year amortization
$500,000 minimum loan amount
Flexible fixed and variable rate options to match your needs

Meet our Commercial Relationship Managers

Alexis Kleinhans
Dipak Roy
Keith Fujita
Lou Scarpa
Ron LaRussa
Terick Albert









Find the Right Credit Card
We offer a variety of credit cards to meet your business needs. 
Learn More








Contact Us



First Name:


 


Last Name:


 


Business Name:


 


Email:


 


Phone:

(

)

-

Second three digits
Last four digits
 


Business/Property Location:


 


Loan Type:

- Select One -
Multifamily Real Estate
Commercial Real Estate
Commercial Line of Credit
Business Term Loan
Other



 


Loan Amount:


 




Enter security code:







             



 















Linking to Non-Fremont Bank Websites
The icon above appears next to every link that leads to a website that is not operated by Fremont Bank. We do not control the website. Fremont Bank has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website.

























	Multifamily Loans CA | Multifamily Loan Rate CA | Fremont Bank

















































Locations
About Us
Careers





Search for:


 



800-359-2265










	Multifamily Loans

	 



Home > Business > Borrow > Multifamily Loans








Multifamily Loans





Finance with a Lender You Can Trust - Call: 877-403-6349


	When it comes to financing an apartment building, Fremont Bank offers a variety of terms with some of the best rates in the country. Whether it's an initial purchase or a refinance we have the loan for you. Fremont Bank offers friendly service combined with years of experience and will work with you to find the loan that fits your needs.


		Highly competitive rates help to save you money

		Local decision making to give you a quicker response

		No point and cash-out options to give you greater flexibility

		Auto-debt payments available at no charge to give you greater convenience

		Close your purchase within 45 days from acceptance of a completed package

		Multiple fixed rate terms and maturities to suit your needs

		Up to 30 year amortization

		Financing available for properties located in CA


	Want the security of a fixed payment each month? Plan your monthly budget accurately and protect yourself against possible rising rates in the future. Our Multifamily Lending Team provides financing at extremely competitive rates for 5+ residential units and/or residential mixed use buildings up to $5MM.
	 

	Want the advantage of a lower initial rate? Reduce your payment now and save big on your short-term plans. Alternative financing is available for those properties which may not meet the Fannie Mae guidelines or may need a bit more flexible terms.
	 

	Meet our Multifamily Loan Officers


Grace Bautista
Lou Scarpa
Ron LaRussa
	 


	Certain restrictions apply and subject to change without notice. Credit applications subject to Fremont Bank's underwriting requirements. Application fee, appraisal, environmental, inspection, seismic and/or other conditions may be required. Adequate property insurance (may include flood insurance) required.












Contact Us



First Name:


 


Last Name:


 


Email:


 


Phone:

(

)

-

Second three digits
Last four digits
 


Business/Property Location:


 


Loan Type:

- Select One -
Multifamily Real Estate
Commercial Real Estate
Commercial Line of Credit
Business Term Loan
Other



 


Loan Amount:


 




Enter security code:







             



 




 





Find the Right Credit Card
We offer a variety of credit cards to meet your business needs. 
Learn More










Linking to Non-Fremont Bank Websites
The icon above appears next to every link that leads to a website that is not operated by Fremont Bank. We do not control the website. Fremont Bank has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website.

























	Fremont Bank | Bay Area CA Bank | Personal and Business Loans CA

















































Locations
About Us
Careers





Search for:


 



800-359-2265













Refinance to lower your interest rate.
Imagine what a difference it could make.

      10-year fixed rate, no closing costs2


2.990%APR1


Learn More




Access your home's equity
Learn more about our special HELOC offer when you apply by August 31st.



Learn More




Mobile Deposit
Mobile Deposit is secure, easy to use and convenient.

      Take photos of the front and back of your check and submit.
You’ll get a confirmation for each successful deposit.
    
Learn More




Home sweet home.
Enjoy the pleasures of home ownership.

      30-year fixed rate, no closing costs2


4.125%APR1


Get Started Today




Loans for HighCost Areas
Options with High-Balance Mortgage Loans


	No closing costs2 & points options for

	refinance or purchase loans



4.000%APR1



Learn More








Today's Mortgage Rates1
Call: 877-403-6345




30-Year Fixed Rate
4.125%APR1




15-Year Fixed Rate
3.375%APR1






10-Year Fixed Rate
2.990%APR1



No closing costs loans.
Loans up to 424,100
Effective: 7/26/2017 8:45 AM

1Assumptions





View Rates


Get Started


Sign up for Fremont Bank's Rate Watch






Digital Wallets
Discover more ways to pay with the convenience of a digital wallet.
Learn More








Open an Account Online
Choose an account that’s just right for you and apply online with our simple and secure application.
Get Started









Community Focused
Fremont Bank is proud to be known for its generous philanthropic efforts and inspiring commitment to community service. 

Community Relations






Newsroom

Stay Cool And Secure This Summer – Fraud Prevention
Summer is here and the temperature is rising...


Partnerships in Action: Arc of Alameda County 
The Arc of Alameda County is a 501(c)(3...

View All News


Careers
We would love to have you join our team! View Career Opportunities





Linking to Non-Fremont Bank Websites
The icon above appears next to every link that leads to a website that is not operated by Fremont Bank. We do not control the website. Fremont Bank has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website.


























	CA Business Loan | CA Bank Business Loan Rates | Fremont Bank

















































Locations
About Us
Careers





Search for:


 



800-359-2265









Business Loans
 



Home > Business > Borrow > Business Loans








Business Loans





If you’re a business owner looking to purchase equipment, inventory, or to refinance existing debt, a business loan might be right for you.

Features

Loan amounts of $25,000 and greater
Competitive fixed or variable rate options available
Flexible terms to meet your needs

Meet our Commercial Relationship Managers

Alexis Kleinhans
Dipak Roy
Keith Fujita
Lou Scarpa
Terick Albert









Find the Right Credit Card
We offer a variety of credit cards to meet your business needs. 
Learn More








Contact Us



First Name:


 


Last Name:


 


Business Name:


 


Email:


 


Phone:

(

)

-

Second three digits
Last four digits
 


Business/Property Location:


 


Loan Type:

- Select One -
Multifamily Real Estate
Commercial Real Estate
Commercial Line of Credit
Business Term Loan
Other



 


Loan Amount:


 




Enter security code:







             



 















Linking to Non-Fremont Bank Websites
The icon above appears next to every link that leads to a website that is not operated by Fremont Bank. We do not control the website. Fremont Bank has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website.





























Freddie Mac Small Balance Loans


















FreddieMac.com










Fast and Flexible Small Balance Loans
$1 million to $6 million financing for small multifamily properties with 5+ units




                    Request A Quote
                  



 




Flexible Financing That Fits Your Needs

              Choose from fixed- or floating-rate loans with flexible terms that work for you.
            








Fixed-Rate Loans

                     Enjoy fixed payments that never change plus the benefits of extended amortization
                    


                        5-, 7- and 10-year term
                        30-year amortization
                      





Hybrid ARM Loans

                      Get the lowest rates during an initial fixed-rate term, then periodic adjustments based on LIBOR
                    


                          5-, 7- or 10-year initial fixed-rate period
                          
                          30-year amortization
                    











Unbeatable Terms



                          Non-recourse
                          Coupon pricing
                          Up to 80% LTV
                          Interest-only available
                          Cash-out Options
                          Declining prepayment
                        












                  Request A Quote
                




Download Product Info
                










We Make It Fast and Easy

              Our straightforward process eliminates headaches and hassles that can slow you down.
            




1

Quote

                    Fill out an application with an approved lender. They'll provide a simple coupon quote, which can be locked until closing.
                  






2

Underwrite

                    Your lender completes due diligence and sends your loan to us for approval. No cookie-cutters here; we review each loan and provide creative solutions for unique or complex transactions.
                  






3

Close

                    Once approved, you sign a commitment letter that outlines terms. Then, set a date to close.
                  







                  Request A Quote
              









The Freddie Mac Difference

              We are the leader in multifamily financing. Whether you want to grow your portfolio, improve performance or meet other goals, we can get you there.
            








Strength
We've funded over $6 billion in small loans, offering the best terms and choice nationwide.











Reliability
We oversee servicing on each loan to ensure you get the attention you deserve.











Commitment
Once approved, you sign a commitment letter that outlines terms. Then, set a date to close.








                Request A Quote
              











Recent Deals










                              13 Units - Minneapolis, MN
$2.45 million
                              LENDER: ReadyCap
                            








                              20 units - Austin, TX
$1.439 million
                              LENDER: CBRE
                            








                              25 Units - Denver, CO
$2.425 million
                              LENDER: Greystone
                            












                              170 Units - Cincinnati, OH
$5.999 million
                              LENDER: Hunt
                            







56 Units - Greenwood, IN
$2.796 million
                              LENDER: Sabal
                            







24 Units -Dallas, TX
$2.197 million
                              LENDER: Arbor
                            















13 Units - Minneapolis, MN
$2.45 million
                              LENDER: ReadyCap
                            







20 units - Austin, TX
$1.439 million
                                LENDER: CBRE
                            








25 Units - Denver, CO
$2.425 million
                              LENDER: Greystone
                            







170 Units - Cincinnati, OH
$5.999 million
                              LENDER: Hunt
                            







56 Units - Greenwood, IN
$2.796 million
                              LENDER: Sabal
                            







24 Units -Dallas, TX
$2.197 million
                              LENDER: Arbor
                            









                  Request A Quote
                








Investor Tips and Insights 










May 8, 2017
Cash in on Market Improvements: 5 Tips
If you own a small multifamily property—now, more than ever—it’s good to be you.













May 8, 2017
Rising Rates: 3 Things to Know Before Financing
Rising rates have the potential to reduce your loan proceeds.













May 8, 2017
The Surprising Truth About Agency Lending
When you hear the words "agency financing" you're probably thinking tortoise more than hare.













Our Lenders






Pinnacle Financial Partners offers a streamlined execution for apartment loans that help provide liquidity, stability and certainty of execution to the affordable rental housing market.
Go to this lender's website







CBRE brings local market expertise and experience to the table. They provide unique solutions for small balance investors with their underwriting, closing and servicing departments. CBRE offers Freddie Mac loans throughout the country.
Go to this lender's website







Community Preservation Cooperation offers flexible terms and prepayment options, competitive low rates, and streamlined pricing, underwriting, closing, and funding process.
Go to this lender's website







Arbor has a long-established presence in the small loans market, offering personalized service, flexible terms and certainty of execution. Arbor provides Freddie Mac loans for properties in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. 
Go to this lender's website







Greystone provides reliable and fast apartment building loans with competitive rates and fee structures.
Go to this lender's website







Capital One Multifamily Finance provides a full range of competitively priced mortgage products for the acquisition, refinancing and rehabilitation of multifamily high-rises and communities. Capital One Multifamily offers Freddie Mac financing extensively in the Northeast, Southeast, and West Coast. 
Go to this lender's website







Hunt Mortgage Group is committed to speed and innovation with small properties. Their in-market experts can deliver flexible solutions that simplify due diligence and loan documents.
Go to this lender's website







Red Capital Group offers a streamlined small balance loan documentation and processing from pricing to underwriting and closing.
Go to this lender's website







PennyMac offers highly competitive rates on small balance multifamily loans nationwide for purchase, refinances or cash-outs. They provide tailored service to help your loan close.
Go to this lender's website







Sabal originates loans through a trusted network of brokers who work directly with borrowers. SNAP, their secure online platform, provides instant access to quotes and loan documents.
Go to this lender's website







ReadyCap specializes in small balance properties, offering a diverse array of loan products with efficient process and closings. They work with brokers, bankers and borrowers directly to find unique financing solutions for commercial real estate.
Go to this lender's website








Request a quote from one of our approved nationwide lenders today!



                  Request A Quote
                










 







 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












PGIM Real Estate Finance










	AllOptions | Commercial Mortgage Loans | FREE Costs & Solutions Quotes For Commercial Mortgage






















								Finance

Invoice Factoring
Business Loans
Commercial Loans
Equipment Leasing
Merchant Cash Advance
Accounts Receivable Financing
Business Finance




								Marketing


									SEO Services

									Web Design

									Mailing Lists

									Telemarketing Services

									Marketing Services

									Advertising Services

									Marketing Options




								HR 


									Payroll Services
PEO

									Background Checks

									Time & Attendance
HR 
									Outsourcing

									Accounting & Bookkeeping

									HR Services




								Services


									Call Center Services

									Franchise Opportunities
Debt Collections
CRM 
									Systems

									Office Water Services

									Copiers

									Merchant Accounts

									Business Insurance

									Business Services




								Telecom

t1

									Phone Systems

									Teleconferencing Systems
IVR 
									Systems

									Video Conferencing Services

									Telecom Services




								Personal


									Mortgage

									Reverse Mortgage

									Life Insurance

									Financial Planning

									Personal Isurance

									Lawyers

									Structured Settlement

									Sell Your Notes
Consumer Leads

									Personal Services













Commercial Loans



COMPARE Free Rate Quotes for Commercial Mortgages!

	
										
																				 


Select Loan Type
New Purchase
Refinance
Construction







Need Help with a quote? Call 1.888.994.0681
1: Submit One Quick Form 2: Compare Multiple Offers 3: Make Informed Decisions Saving Time & Money
NEW PURCHASE (Buy Commercial Property) - REFINANCE (Reduce Monthly Payments & Get Cash Out - CONSTRUCTION (Build Commercial Property)




Qualifying for a
							Commercial Loan.
What Qualifies as a Commercial Loan
							Commercial loans are for the purchase, refinance, or construction of a commercial property, we can find the best loan to suit your needs.
Commercial Property Types:
Retail • Office • Industrial • Hotel & Leisure • Health Care • Mixed Use • Multi-Family • Land • Agricultural • Mobile Home Park • Special Purpose 
Commercial Financing is underwritten on a case by case basis. Every loan application is unique and evaluated on its own merits. We can help you find the right loan for your project, with a wide range of loan programs to finance your commercial building or commercial remodelling projects. 





Commercial Loan Options

Commercial Loans
What is a Commercial Loans
Commercial Mortgage Benefits
Commercial Loan Programs


Commercial Repayment Information
Commercial Construction Loans
Commercial Mortgage Refinance
Commercial Mortgage Refinancing


Commercial Property Loan
Commercial Peal Estate Loan
Commercial Repayment
Commercial Mortgage Refinance


Commercial Mortgage Refinancing
Commercial Property Loan
Commercial Peal Estate Loan



Business Finance Options

Invoice Factoring
Business Loans


Commercial Loans
Equipment Leasing


Merchant Cash Advance


AR Financing



Related Options

Payroll Services
Equipment Leasing


Merchant Accounts
Commercial Loans


Mailing Lists


Franchise Options














News |
						Our Process |
						Terms and Conditions |
						Become a Vendor | 
						Privacy Policy | 
						Contact Us |
						Site Map |
						Home

















Get Started Now







Select Loan Type
New Purchase
Refinance
Construction
















 



Wells Fargo Business Real Estate Financing - Business – Wells Fargo












 




Skip to content














 
								 
									Print
								
						 





Commercial real estate financing



   Commercial mortgages at competitive rates  




Financing to help you fund your future — provided by Business Real Estate Financing Apply for financing of up to $750,000 to purchase, refinance, or leverage the equity in commercial property that is either owner-occupied or investment. Take advantage of our competitive rates on loans and lines of credit with low closing costs, secured by commercial property valued up to $5 million.  No application fee and no appraisal fee Low 1% origination fee, maximum $5,000 due at closing Fixed-rate and Prime-based loans with a variety of terms  Feel confident that you are getting the most competitive offer. We’ll match or beat a competing offer (rate and fee combination) when a competitor’s formal written approval is provided to us — or pay you $200.


  Questions? Ready to apply? Call 1-877-322-4648, Monday – Friday, 6:00 am – 6:00 pm, Pacific Time.   Financing from $50,000 to $750,000 for purchase and refinance loans in first lien position; $50,000 to $500,000 for lines of credit, equity loans, and refinance loans in second lien position. Maximum $500,000 for cash-out. All financing is subject to credit approval.  Low closing costs and competitive rates are based upon analysis of application, appraisal and origination fees, and interest rates, for competing U.S. lenders as compiled by an independent third-party research firm on a quarterly basis, beginning April 2016.  You will need to pay a deposit of up to $1,000 when accepting the terms of any loan or line of credit. The deposit is nonrefundable, unless the loan closes; in that case, the unused portion of the deposit (if any) will be returned or credited after closing in the same form as your original deposit. If environmental insurance is required, you will be responsible for this one-time fee of $1,866. You will also be responsible for the cost of any mortgage or deed of trust filing fee imposed by a state or other taxing authority. In states that require attorney closings, you will be responsible for title-related costs and attorney title work that exceeds $375. For purchase loans, you will be responsible for title and escrow fees. In addition, for purchase loans you will need to provide proof of funds for any required down payment. All financing is subject to credit approval.  Prepayment or early closure fees may apply. Contact your banker for details. 
Equal Housing Lender





 Get more information  Determine the best financing options, whether you're a small business owner or real estate investor. Review the checklist of documentation needed to apply for a loan.  



















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































