


U.S. Bancorp - Wikipedia





















 






U.S. Bancorp

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from USBancorp)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"US Bank" redirects here. For other uses, see Bank of the United States.

U.S. Bancorp





Trading name

U.S. Bank



Type

Public company


Traded as
NYSE: USB
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Banking, Financial services


Founded
September 9, 1968; 48 years ago (1968-09-09)


Headquarters
Minneapolis, Minnesota



Number of locations

3,106 branches and 4,842 ATMs[1]



Key people




Andrew Cecere, President & CEO
Terry Dolan, Vice Chair & CFO
P.W. Parker, Chief Risk Officer
Mark G. Runkel, Chief Credit Officer
Richard K. Davis, Executive Chair


[2]


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis
Private equity


Revenue
 US$21.494 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$8.105 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$5.944 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$445.964 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$47.933 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

71,191 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries



Elan Financial Services
Elavon
Syncada





Capital ratio
9.1%[1] Tier 1 (12/2016)


Rating
Long Term Senior Debt
Moody's: A1 (10/2016)
S&P: A+ (10/2016)
Fitch: AA (10/2016)
DBRS: AA (10/2016)


Website
www.usbank.com


U.S. Bancorp is a bank holding company based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It is the parent company of U.S. Bank, National Association, known as U.S. Bank, which is ranked 7th on the list of largest banks in the United States. The company provides banking, investment, mortgage, trust, and payment services products to individuals, businesses, governmental entities, and other financial institutions. It has 3,106 branches and 4,842 ATMs, primarily in the Midwestern United States.[1] The company also owns Elavon, a processor of credit card transactions.[1]
U.S. Bancorp operates under the second-oldest continuous national charter, originally Charter #24, granted in 1863 following the passage of the National Bank Act. Earlier charters have expired as banks were closed or acquired, raising U.S. Bank's charter number from #24 to #2. The oldest national charter, originally granted to the First National Bank of Philadelphia, is held by Wells Fargo, which it obtained upon its merger with Wachovia.[3]



Contents


1 History

1.1 U.S. Bancorp of Oregon era
1.2 First Bank System era

1.2.1 U.S. Bancorp after takeover by First Bank System


1.3 Firstar era

1.3.1 Brief history of Firstar prior to acquisition
1.3.2 U.S. Bancorp after takeover by Firstar




2 Namesake buildings
3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]




One US Bank Plaza in downtown St. Louis, Missouri






The US Bank tower in downtown Denver, Colorado






US Bank tower in Salt Lake City, Utah






US Bank Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin






US Bank Building in Sheboygan, Wisconsin






U.S. Bancorp footprint






United States National Bank of Portland, Oregon






Downtown Minneapolis; U.S. Bancorp Center is the second unobstructed tower from the left.






US Bank in Hudson, Ohio






The US Bank Tower in downtown Los Angeles, California


The U.S. Bank name first appeared as United States National Bank of Portland, established in Portland, Oregon, in 1891.[4] It changed its name to the United States National Bank of Oregon in 1964.[4] In 1902, it merged with Ainsworth National Bank of Portland, but kept the U.S. National Bank name.[4] The decision turned out to be advantageous for the bank, as a 1913 federal law prohibited other banks from using “United States” in their names from that time forward.[citation needed] U.S. National was among the first banks to form a bank holding company — called U.S. Bancorp, on September 9, 1968.[citation needed]
The central part of the franchise dates from 1864, with the formation of First National Bank of Minneapolis.[4] In 1929, that bank merged with First National Bank of St. Paul (also formed in 1864) and several smaller Upper Midwest banks to form the First Bank Stock Corporation, which changed its name to First Bank System in 1968.[4]
In the eastern part of the franchise, Farmers and Millers Bank in Milwaukee opened its doors in 1853, growing into the First National Bank of Milwaukee and eventually becoming First Wisconsin and ultimately Firstar Corporation.[4] In Cincinnati, First National Bank of Cincinnati opened for business in 1863 under National Charter #24—the charter that U.S. Bancorp still operates under today, and one of the oldest active national bank charters in the nation.[4] Despite having started up in the midst of the Civil War, First National Bank of Cincinnati went on to survive many decades to grow into Star Bank.[4]
U.S. Bancorp of Oregon era[edit]
U.S. Bancorp of Oregon officially became a banking holding company for the U.S. National Bank of Oregon in January 1969[5] after receiving authorization from its bank directors on September 9, 1968[6] and subsequently receiving legal approval to proceed from the Comptroller of the Currency on November 28, 1968.[7] LeRoy B. Staver, president and chief executive officer of the bank, was quickly appointed chairman and chief executive officer for the new holding company while Robert B. Wilson was appointed president of the holding company and also executive vice president for the bank.[8] Wilson later resign as president in December 1972[9] and his position was filled eight months later by John A. Elornaga.[10]
After a long period of service, Staver finally retired in October 1974 and was succeeded by John Elorriaga who was promoted to chairman and chief executive officer while Carl May was named president in Elorriaga's place.[11]
A major change in the organization of leadership in U.S. Bancorp of Oregon occurred in August 1983. Although Elorriaga remained as chairman and chief executive officer for the firm, May was appointed to the new position of executive assistant to the chairman while Edmund P. Jensen was appointed president as replacement to May, and Roger L. Breezley was appointed to the new post of chief operating officer.[12]
In December 1986, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Forest Grove, Oregon-based Valley National Corporation (not to be confused with Phoenix, Arizona-based company of the same name) with its five-branch Valley National Bank of Forest Grove subsidiary for $13.7 million in stock.[13]
U.S. Bancorp of Oregon made its first acquisition outside the state of Oregon by announcing in December 1986 the pending acquisition of the Spokane, Washington-based Old National Bancorp with its Old National Bank of Washington and First National Bank of Spokane subsidiaries for $174 million.[14][15] The acquisition was completed in July 1987 on the first day that the state of Washington had allowed bank acquisitions by out-of-state companies.[16]
In December 1986, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Camas, Washington-based Heritage Bank for $2.8 million.[17][18]
In May 1987, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Seattle, Washington-based Peoples Bancorp with its Peoples National Bank subsidiary for $275 million in stock.[19][20] The acquisition was completed in December 1987.[21] After the acquisition, Peoples and Old National were combined to form U.S. Bank of Washington.
John Elorriaga retired as chairman of the board and chief executive officer in November 1987 and was replaced by Roger L. Breezley while Jensen continues as president.[22][23]
In December 1987, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Bellingham, Washington-based Mt Baker Bank for $25 million.[24]
U.S. Bancorp of Oregon entered the state of California by announcing in April 1988 the pending acquisition of the Eureka, California-based Bank of Loleta with seven branch offices in Humboldt and Del Norte counties for $15.3 million in cash.[25] The acquisition was completed in December 1988 and was renamed U.S. Bank of California.[26]
In April 1988, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Bellingham, Washington-based Northwestern Commercial Bank for $15.5 million.[27] The acquisition was completed in November 1988.[28]
In July 1988, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Auburn, Washington-based Western Independent Bancshares with its Auburn Valley Bank subsidiary for $4.25 million in cash.[29]
In October 1989, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Sacramento, California-based Mother Lode Savings Bank with three branch offices for $5.3 million.[30] The acquisition was completed in August 1990.[31] This acquisition was one of the first of a thrift by a commercial bank in the nation since legislation permitting such takeovers went into effect.
During the late 1980s, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon made several attempts to enter the state of Idaho by the acquisition of an existing Idaho-based bank, the only method then allowed under Idaho law, but failed when the price got too high.[32] In March 1990, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced that they would established a bank through a loophole in Federal banking law that allow the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency to allow the relocation of bank headquarters within 30 miles of their present location without regards to state boundaries and state regulations.[33] So U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced that they plan to transfer the existing branches of the First National Bank of Spokane to the U.S. Bancorp of Washington and then ask permission from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency to move the headquarters of First National from Spokane, Washington, to Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. After receiving Federal approval, First National was finally moved in February 1992 and renamed U.S. Bank of Idaho.[34]
In July 1990, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Auburn, California-based HeartFed Financial Corporation with its Heart Federal Savings and Loan subsidiary for $107.8 million in stock.[35] At the time of the announcement, Heart Federal Savings had 29 branch offices in northern California. The acquisition was completed in March 1991 for $118 million.[36]
In November 1991, Edmund P. Jensen was given the post of chief operating officer in addition to his duties as president, making him a possible successor to Breezley.[37]
In February 1992, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the 20 branch offices in Northern California and 29 branch offices in Nevada for $70 million that were being divested by Bankamerica Corporation as a result of Bank of America's impending acquisition of Security Pacific Corporation.[38][39][40] This acquisition gave U.S. Bancorp of Oregon its first presence in the state of Nevada.
Another major change in the organization of leadership in U.S. Bancorp of Oregon occurred in January 1993. While retaining his position as chief operating officer, Edmund P. Jensen was appointed vice chairman while giving his position of president to Kevin R. Kelly. At the same time, Gerry B. Cameron was appointed vice chairman.[41] Ten months later, Jensen resigned to become president of Visa International.[42] In January 1994, Gerry Cameron was first appointed chief operating officer as a replacement to Jensen[43] and later appointed chief executive officer just three weeks later.[44] Kelly submitted his resignation as president in March 1994[45] and Breezley finally gave up the chairmanship to Cameron in April 1994.[46][47]
In May 1995, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Boise, Idaho-based West One Bancorp for $1.8 billion.[48][49] At the time of the announcement, West One had branch offices in Idaho, Oregon, Washington, and Utah while U.S. Bancorp of Oregon had branch offices in Oregon, Washington, California, Idaho, and Nevada. The acquisition was completed in December 1995 and gave U.S. Bancorp of Oregon its first entry into the state of Utah.[50] As part of the acquisition deal, West One's chairman and chief executive Daniel R. Nelson would become the chief operating officer and president of U.S. Bancorp and he would later be Cameron's successor as chairman and CEO upon Cameron's planned retirement in three years. Since both U.S. Bancorp and West One had overlapping territories in Oregon and Washington, the U.S. Justice Department would only allow the acquisition to proceed if U.S. Bancorp would sell off 27 branch offices in Washington and Oregon.[51] As a result of the regulatory ruling, U.S. Bancorp sold 25 branch offices in Oregon, four in central Washington and one in Idaho to First Hawaiian Bank for $38 million in cash.[52][53]
In February 1996, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the San Ramon, California-based California Bancshares for $309 million in stock.[54] California Bancshares had a total of 38 branches in the East San Francisco Bay Area in nine separate banks that included Alameda First National, Community First National, Modesto Banking Co., Commercial Bank of Fremont, Lamorinda National Bank, Bank of San Ramon Valley, Westside Bank, Concord Commercial Bank and Bank of Milipitas. The acquisition was completed in June 1996.[55]
In September 1996, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the St. George, Utah-based Sun Capital Bancorp with its three-branch office Sun Capital Bank subsidiary for $15.5 million.[56] The acquisition was completed in January 1997.[57]
In December 1996, Daniel R. Nelson, president and chief operating officer of U.S. Bancorp of Oregon, unexpectedly announced his early retirement effective on New Year’s Day 1997. Nelson was originally in line to be Gerry B. Cameron's successor as chairman and chief executive upon the Cameron's planned retirement on New Year's Day 1999.[58]
In December 1996, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Sacramento, California-based Business & Professional Bank for $35 million in cash.[59] The acquisition was completed in May 1997.[60]
First Bank System era[edit]




First Bank System used this logo from 1979. It incorporates the silhouette of the number one.


In March 1997, the Minneapolis, Minnesota-based First Bank System announced the pending acquisition of the Portland, Oregon-based U.S. Bancorp of Oregon for $9 billion in stock.[61][62][63] At the time of the announcement, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon had banking offices in Oregon, Washington, California, Idaho and Utah while First Bank System had banking offices in Minnesota, Colorado, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, Kansas, and Wyoming. Under the terms of the acquisition, First Bank System would be renamed U.S. Bancorp with the headquarters for the newly combined company being at First Bank's existing headquarters in Minneapolis. John F. Grundhofer, chairman and chief executive of First Bank, was appointed president and chief executive of the new company while Gerry B. Cameron, chairman and chief executive of U.S. Bancorp of Oregon, was appointed chairman of the new company, which he held until his retirement in 1998. The acquisition was completed in August 1997.[64] Approximately 4000 jobs were eliminated, mostly in Portland.[65]
U.S. Bancorp after takeover by First Bank System[edit]
In September 1997, the new U.S. Bancorp, formerly First Bank System, announced the pending acquisition of the St. Cloud, Minnesota-based Zappco, Inc. with its three banks and six banking locations for an disclosed amount.[66] At the time of the announcement, U.S. Bancorp had more than 1,000 banking offices in the states of Minnesota, Oregon, Washington, Colorado, California, Idaho, Nebraska, North Dakota, Nevada, South Dakota, Montana, Iowa, Illinois, Utah, Wisconsin, Kansas, and Wyoming. The acquisition was completed in December 1997.[67]
In March 1998, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the Vancouver, Washington-based Northwest Bancshares with its 10-branch offices Northwest National Bank subsidiary for an undisclosed amount.[68][69] In October 1998, the U.S. Justice Department agreed to allow the acquisition to proceed on the condition that one of the Northwest National Bank branch offices was to be sold.[70] The acquisition was completed in December 1998 after U.S. Bancorp sold the request banking office to Centennial Bank of Eugene.[71]
At the end of 1998, Gerry Cameron retired as chairman and handed the position over to John Grundhofer who added the title of chairman to his other positions of president and chief executive officer.[72][73]
In February 1999, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the San Diego-based Bank of Commerce with its 10 branch offices for $314 million in stock.[74][75][76] The acquisition was finalized in July 1999.[77]
In May 1999, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the Newport Beach, California-based Western Bancorp with its Santa Monica Bank and Southern California Bank subidiaries and a total of 31 branch offices for $904 million in stock.[78][79] At the time of the announcement, U.S. Bancorp had 98 branch offices within California. The acquisition was finalized in November 1999 for $1.04 billion in stock.[80][81]
In July 1999, Philip G. Heasley was appointed president and chief operating officer of U.S. Bancorp. John Grundhofer had handed over the position of president to Heasley while still retaining the titles of chairman and chief executive officer.[82][83] Heasley had assisted Grundhofer in turning the company around from near insolvency when the company was originally known as First Bank until it became a successful financial institution that became large enough to be absorb other banks, including U.S. Bancorp of Oregon in 1997. Heasley resigned the following year to join Bank One as the head of their First USA credit card unit[84] around the same time Firstar was about to takeover U.S. Bancorp.
In September 1999, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the San Diego-based Peninsula Bank with its 11 branch offices for $104 million in stock.[85][86][87][88] In early January 2000, a group of Peninsula Bank stockholders tried to stop the merger because the initial merger agreement was made prior to the huge 27% single-day drop in the value of U.S. Bancorp stock which effectively lowered the purchase price.[89] The acquisition was later completed in January 2000 at a 10% reduction of the original price negotiated.[90]
In June 2000, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the San Diego-based Scripps Financial Corporation with its nine-branch office Scripps Bank subsidiary for $155 million in stock.[91] The acquisition was completed in October 2000.[92]
Firstar era[edit]
In October 2000, Firstar Corporation of Milwaukee, Wisconsin announced the pending acquisition of U.S. Bancorp of Minneapolis, Minnesota for $21 Billion in stock.[93][94][95] Firstar completed its buyout of U.S. Bancorp on February 27, 2001 and changed its name to U.S. Bancorp.[96] Under the merger agreement, Jerry Grundhofer, president and chief executive officer of Firstar, would continue in those positions in the combined company while his older brother, John Grundhofer, chairman, president and chief executive officer of U.S. Bancorp, would serve as chairman of the board in the combined company until his planned retirement on December 31, 2002.[95][97] Though some administrative functions would remain in Milwaukee and Cincinnati, it was decided that the new combined company would be based in Minneapolis and that the new company would use the U.S. Bancorp name.
To allow the merger to proceed, the U.S. Department of Justice required Firstar to sell 11 branch offices in the Minneapolis-area and 2 in Council Bluffs, Iowa.[98] Bremer Bank of Saint Paul, Minnesota purchased the 11 Minneapolis-area Firstar offices[99][100] while Liberty Bank of West Des Moines, Iowa purchased the 2 Council Bluffs offices.[101][102]
Brief history of Firstar prior to acquisition[edit]
Main article: Firstar Corporation
Although the origin of the Milwaukee-based Firstar Corporation can be traced back to the founding of the Farmer's and Millers Bank in Milwaukee in 1853 and the later formation of the First Wisconsin National Bank in 1919, the actual company that took over U.S. Bancorp in 2001 is the actually the same company and leadership that was responsible for the takeover of Firstar 27 months earlier in 1988, namely Star Banc Corporation. Jerry Grundhofer and his team from Star Banc were instrumental in both acquisitions. The stock and company histories for the current U.S. Bancorp is derive from that for the First National Cincinnati Corporation, a predecessor of Star Banc Corporation, and the First National Bank of Cincinnati that was founded in 1863.
U.S. Bancorp after takeover by Firstar[edit]
In April 2001, the new U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of all 20 branch offices in California of the Encino-based Pacific Century Bank from its Honolulu-based parent Pacific Century Financial Corporation.[103][104] The acquisition was completed in September 2001.[105][106]
In July 2002, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of all 57 retail banking branches of the San Mateo, California-based Bay View Bank from its Bay View Capital Corporation parent for $429 million.[107][108] The acquisition was completed in November 2002.[109]
On New Years Day 2003, John Grundhofer retired as chairman of U.S. Bancorp and handed the position to his younger brother Jerry Grundhofer, who added the title of chairman to his other positions of president and chief executive officer in the corporation.[110]
In May 2004, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $34 billion corporate trust bond administration business from National City Corporation.[111][112][113]
In October 2004, Richard K. Davis was appointed chief operating officer and president of U.S. Bancorp. Jerry Grundhofer had handed over the position of president to Davis while still retaining the titles of chairman and chief executive officer.[114] Davis had been a protege of Grundhofer since their days together at Star Banc Corporation and had assisted in the takeover of Firstar by Star Banc in 1998[115] and the later acquisition of U.S. Bancorp by Firstar in 2001.
In November 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $410 billion corporate trust and institutional custody businesses of Wachovia Corporation for $720 million in cash.[116]
In July 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $123 billion municipal and corporate bond trustee business from SunTrust.[117]
In June 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the Avon, Colorado-based Vail Banks Inc. with its WestStar Bank subsidiary and 23 locations for $98.6 million in cash.[118] The acquisition was completed in September 2006.[119]
In November 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $30 billion municipal bond trustee business from LaSalle Bank.[120][121]
In November 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the Great Falls, Montana-based United Financial Corporation with its Heritage Bank subsidiary for $71 million in stock.[122] The acquisition was completed in February 2007 and nearly double the branch presence of U.S. Bank in Montana.[123]
In December 2006, Jerry Grundhofer handed over the position of chief executive officer to president Richard Davis while Grundhofer remained chairman until his retirement the following year in December 2007.[124][125][126] After Grundhofer retirement in December 2007, Davis added the position of chairman to his other titles of president and chief executive officer.[127]
In March 2008, the U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the seven-office Los Angeles-based Mellon 1st Business Bank from the Bank of New York Mellon for an disclosed amount in cash.[128] The acquisition was completed in June 2008.[129]
On November 14, 2008, the U.S. Treasury invested $6,599,000,000 in preferred stock and warrants in the company via the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008.[130]
On November 21, 2008, the company acquired the failed Downey Savings & Loan Association and also the failed Pomona First Federal Bancorp in a transaction facilitated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for an disclosed amount.[131] Downey Savings had 170 branch offices in California and five branch offices in Arizona while PFF Bank had 38 branch offices in Southern California.
In April 2009, U.S. Bancorp acquired the assets and deposits of the failed Ketchum, Idaho-based First Bank of Idaho in a transaction facilitated by the FDIC.[132][133] First Bank of Idaho had seven offices in Idaho and Wyoming, some of which operated under the name First Bank of the Tetons.
On June 17, 2009, the company redeemed the $6.6 billion of preferred stock and on July 15, 2009, it completed the purchase of a warrant held by the U.S. Treasury Department. This effectively concluded U.S. Bancorp’s participation in the Capital Purchase Program. It was the first bank to repay the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds.[134]
On October 5, 2009, the company announced its acquisition of the $8 billion mutual fund administration and accounting servicing division of Fiduciary Management, Inc. for an undisclosed amount.[135][136]
On October 7, 2009, the company agreed to buy the bond trustee business of First Citizens Bank, a subsidiary of First Citizens BancShares Inc. for an undisclosed amount.[137][138]
On October 20, 2009, the company completed a transaction to purchase the failed FBOP Corporation's nine subsidiary banks from the FDIC for an disclosed amount. The banks included BankUSA, National Association with 2 offices in Arizona, Cal National Bank with 68 offices in California, Citizens National Bank with 1 office in Texas, Community Bank of Lemont with 1 office in Illinois, Madisonville State Bank with 1 office in Texas, North Houston Bank with 1 office in Texas, Pacific National Bank with 17 offices in California, Park National Bank with 31 offices in Illinois, and San Diego National Bank with 28 offices in California.[139]
Since the company did not have a previous presence in Texas nor want one in the near future, the company subsequently sold the three banks in Texas in 2010 to Houston-based Prosperity Bancshares for an disclosed amount.[140] Each of the banks had one office each.[139]
In October 2009, BB&T Corporation announced the pending sale of their Nevada banking operations to U.S. Bancorp for an disclosed amount. BB&T had just recently acquired the 21 offices in Nevada through a transaction facilitated by the FDIC for disposal of the assets and deposits of the failed Alabama-based Colonial BancGroup but BB&T had no desire to expand west of Texas while it wanted to keep the other Colonial former locations in the Southeastern United States.[141] The acquisition was completed in January 2010.[142]
In July 2010, U.S. Bancorp sold its FAF Advisors subsidiary to Nuveen Investments for $80 million and a 9.5% stake in Nuveen.[143][144]
In January 2011, U.S. Bancorp acquired the assets and deposits of the failed First Community Bank of New Mexico in a transaction facilitated by the FDIC for an asset discount of approximately $380 million.[145] The acquisition had included 35 offices in New Mexico and 3 offices in Arizona.
In January 2012, the company acquired the assets and deposits of the failed Knoxville, Tennessee-based BankEast in a transaction facilitated by the FDIC for an asset discount of approximately $67.5 million.[146] The acquisition had included 10 offices in the Knoxville area.
In March 2013, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $57 billion municipal bond trustee business from Deutsche Bank.[147]
In January 2014, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of 94 branch offices of the Charter One Bank in Chicago from the RBS Citizens Financial Group for $315 million,[148] doubling its market share in Chicago.[149] 13 Charter One branches were closed due to their close proximity to existing U.S. Bank offices.[150] The acquisition was completed in June 2014.[149]
In January 2015, chief financial officer Andrew Cecere was promoted to chief operating officer.[151] A year later, Cecere was given the additional position of president.[152]
In January 2017, U.S. Bancorp announced that chairman and CEO Richard Davis was going to hand over his CEO position to president and COO Andrew Cecere in April 2017 while still remaining chairman of the corporation.[153]
Namesake buildings[edit]


US Bank Center in Phoenix, AZ
US Bank Plaza in Sacramento, CA
US Bank Tower in Sacramento, CA
One California in San Francisco, CA, sports the US Bank logo and houses bank offices
US Bank Tower in Los Angeles, CA, the tallest building west of the Mississippi River
US Bank Tower in Denver, CO
US Bank Plaza in Boise, ID
US Bank Building in Chicago, IL
US Bank Building in Davenport, IA
US Bank Building in Duluth, MN
US Bancorp Center in Minneapolis, MN
US Bank Plaza in Minneapolis, MN
U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, MN
US Bank Center in St. Paul, MN
One US Bank Plaza in St. Louis, MO
US Bank Building in Billings, MT
US Bank Tower in Lincoln, NE
US Bank Center in Las Vegas, NV
US Bank Arena in Cincinnati, OH
US Bank Tower in Cincinnati, OH
US Bank Centre in Cleveland, OH
US Bancorp Tower in Portland, OR
US Bank Building in Sioux Falls, SD
US Bank Centre in Seattle WA
US Bank Building in Spokane, WA
US Bank Building in La Crosse, WI
US Bank Center in Milwaukee, WI
US Bank Plaza in Madison, WI


See also[edit]


Minnesota portal
Companies portal



Official website
John F. Grundhofer

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g h i j U.S. Bancorp 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ U.S. Bancorp 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ "Wells Fargo: Guided By History". Wells Fargo. 
^ a b c d e f g h "U.S. Bank: A Rich Heritage". 
^ "U.S. Bancorporation Unit". Wall Street Journal. January 6, 1969. p. 6. U.S. National Bank of Oregon said it has become a subsidiary of its previously announced holding company, U.S. Bancorporation [sic].  Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. National, Oregon, Board Votes Reorganization Plan". Wall Street Journal. September 9, 1968. p. 13. (Subscription required (help)). Directors of U.S. National Bank of Oregon approved plans to make the bank the subsidiary of a new one-bank holding company, tentatively to be called U.S. Bancorp, U.S. National announced... The move, according to LeRoy B. Staver, would permit the bank to diversify within the financial field. He added that definite plans for acquisitions haven't been formulated yet.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "Two Major Banks Get Permission to Organize One-Unit Holding Firms: Currency Comptroller Approves Three Other Such Proposals, Putting Week's Total at Seven". Wall Street Journal. November 29, 1968. p. 6. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. National Bank of Portland, Ore., received permission to merge with Unit National Bank Of Oregon, currently organizing; the new institution would be owned by U.S. Bancorp. U.S. National has deposits of $1.16 billion and operates 110 offices. American Fletcher National Bank & Trust Co., Indianapolis, with deposits of $594 million and 41 branches, was given approval to merge with Marion County National Bank, currently organizing. American Fletcher is owned by American Fletcher Corp.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "Robert B. Wilson Is Named President of U.S. Bancorp". Wall Street Journal. February 25, 1969. p. 16. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said Robert B. Wilson, a Portland businessman, has been named president of the one-bank holding company and executive vice president of its subsidiary, U.S. National Bank of Oregon. Mr. Wilson, 53 years old, replaces LeRoy B. Staver, 60, who becomes chairman of the holding company, a position previously unfilled. In addition, Mr. Staver will remain president of the bank and chief executive officer of both the bank and the holding company.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "Dividend News: U.S. Bancorp Increases Payout, Proposes Split; Wilson Quits Presidency". Wall Street Journal. December 26, 1972. p. 13. (Subscription required (help)).  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp Appoints John Elorriaga President". Wall Street Journal. August 28, 1973. p. 20. (Subscription required (help)). John A. Elorriaga was elected president and chief administrative officer of U.S. Bancorp., a bank holding company. Mr. Elorriaga also will continue as president and chief administrative officer of U.S. National Bank of Oregon, principal subsidlary of U.S. Bancorp.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "At the Top: U.S. Bancorp elected a new president and a new chairman.". Los Angeles Times. October 29, 1974. p. d9. (Subscription required (help)). Carl May was named president, succeeding John A. Elorriaga who was promoted to chairman and chief executive officer of the Portland, Ore., firm. Elorriaga succeeds LeRoy B. Staver, who is retiring. U.S. Bancorp., holding company of U.S. National Bank of Oregon, had total assets of $2.725 billion last year.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp". Wall Street Journal. August 30, 1983. p. 34. (Subscription required (help)). Roger L. Breezley, 45-year-old vice chairman of this bank-holding company, was named to the additional new post of chief operating officer. Carl W. Mays Jr., 58, was named to the new position of executive assistant to the chairman. Edmund P. Jensen, 45, formerly executive vice president, was named president, succeeding Mr. Mays. Mr. Jensen also was appointed a director, expanding the board to 24.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp Plans to Buy Valley National for Stock". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). December 8, 1986. p. 1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said it plans to acquire Valley National Corp., a Forest Grove, Ore., bank holding concern, in a stock-swap with an indicated value of about $13.7 million... U.S. Bancorp operates 195 branches in Oregon through its U.S. Bank unit. Valley National, with assets of $93 million, has five branch bank locations and is the parent of Oregon-based Pacific Northwest Trust Corp. and Northvale Homes Inc.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ Gapa, Les (December 18, 1986). "A Big Oregon Bank Will Buy Old National". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. p. B10. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp, the largest bank in Oregon, agreed yesterday to acquire Old National Bancorp, Washington's fifth largest commercial bank, in a merger that could drastically change competition in this state's banking industry. The combination would create the largest financial institution in the Northwest, with about $11 billion in assets, the companies said, surpassing in size both Seafirst Corp. and Rainier Bancorp, currently Nos. 1 and 2 in Washington... The $174 million acquisition, to be effective next July 1... 
^ Buck, Richard (December 18, 1986). "Merger to Make U.S. Bancorp. Biggest Bank". Seattle Times. p. F1. (Subscription required (help)). Old National Bank, long known as the fifth-largest bank in this state, is about to become part of what will be the largest Northwest-based banking institution... The two bank-holding companies, flirting with each other for several years, announced yesterday they intend to merge, with U.S. Bancorp. paying $174 million, or $46 a share, to acquire Old National... U.S. Bancorp. repeatedly said it intended to enter Washington once legal barriers are removed next July 1... Much of the improvement comes from better profits at Old National Bank and First National Bank in Spokane, along with lower losses at Old National Financial Services, a consumer-finance subsidiary whose problems nearly sank the bank in 1983. 
^ Buck, Richard (June 30, 1987). "State Banks Ready to Open Door to Interstate Banking". Seattle Times. p. C1. (Subscription required (help)). On paper, tomorrow is one of the most important days of the decade for the banking industry in Washington. It's when interstate banking is officially allowed to begin. But in reality, July 1 will be a non-event, except to some senior executives of Old National Bank, which will come under new management and become a subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp in Portland. 
^ "Briefly". Los Angeles Times (Home ed.). December 25, 1986. p. 11. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp of Portland, Ore., said it will acquire Heritage Bank in Camas, Wash.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp Plans to Buy Camas Bank". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. December 25, 1986. p. B7. (Subscription required (help)). Oregon's U.S. Bancorp, which recently announced plans to acquire Spokane-based Old National Bancorporation, yesterday announced another foray into Washington state by signing a definitive agreement to buy the small Heritage Bank in Camas in Clark County. The company said the price will be $2.8 million for all 60,000 issued and outstanding shares of Heritage Bank stock. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp To Buy Peoples". New York Times. May 20, 1987. 
^ Heberlein, Greg (May 19, 1987). "U.S. Bankcorp. Agrees to Merge With Peoples". Seattle Times. p. E1. (Subscription required (help)). In a surprise move, U.S. Bancorp. of Portland today said it would exchange stock worth about $74 a share to acquire Seattle-based Peoples Bancorp. 
^ Erickson, Jim (January 1, 1988). "A Bad Year for Nostalgia - Interstate Banking Law Had Its Effect". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. p. B12. (Subscription required (help)). In front of a small gathering of bank officials and the press last week, Peoples Bancorp. Chairman Joshua Green III signed ownership of the 98-year-old bank over to U.S. Bancorp of Portland. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp's Breezley Is Named Chairman, Chief". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). October 27, 1987. p. 1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said Roger L. Breezley, 49 years old, was named chairman and chief executive officer, succeeding John A. Elorriaga, 64, who is retiring. Mr. Breezley has been vice chairman and chief operating officer since 1983. U.S. Bancorp, with $10.6 billion in assets, is the largest bank holding company headquartered in the Pacific Northwest.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "People on The Move". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. November 2, 1987. p. B6. (Subscription required (help)). Roger L. Breezley has been elected chairman of the board and chief executive officer of U.S. Bancorp, the Portland holding company that has acquired Old National Bank and is taking over Peoples National Bank. Breezley succeeded John A. Elorriaga as chairman upon Elorriaga's retirement yesterday. Breezley has been vice chairman of the board and chief operating officer of U.S. Bancorp since 1983. U.S. Bancorp subsidiaries include Oregon's largest bank, U.S. National Bank of Oregon, Old National Bank of Washington and U.S. Bank of Southwest Washington. It is the largest independent bank company in the Northwest. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Plans To Buy Mt Baker Bank". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). December 17, 1987. p. 1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp signed a preliminary agreement for the acquisition of Mt Baker Bank for $16 a share, or $25 million, the companies said. Under the accord, Mt Baker, based in Bellingham, Wash., will become a subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp, based in Portland.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ Sorensen, Donald J. (April 9, 1988). "U.S. Bancorp to Expand to California". The Oregonian. p. E01. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp carried its acquisition program into Northern California for the first time with the announcement Friday that it plans to purchase a bank based in Eureka. A letter of intent has been signed to acquire the Bank of Loleta, a state-chartered bank with assets of $143 million with seven branches in Humboldt and Del Norte counties. Purchase price is about $15.3 million in cash, the Portland-based bank holding company said... The expansion policy of U.S. Bancorp in recent years has created the third-largest bank in Washington with Old National Bancorporation of Spokane and Peoples Bancorporation of Seattle combined into U.S. Bank of Washington. Another subsidiary is U.S. Bank of Southwest Washington, based in Vancouver, and including Heritage Bank of Camas. Pending acquisitions include Mt Baker Bank, a savings bank in Bellingham, and Northwestern Commercial Bank, also in Bellingham. Last year, it also acquired Valley National Bank of Forest Grove to add to the statewide network of U.S. National Bank of Oregon. 
^ Roberts, Bruce & Ruble, Mary B. (June 12, 1989). "Bank of Loleta Becomes U.S. Bank of California". Business Wire (Press release). p. 1. The name has changed but the people remain the same. On June 12, 1989, the Bank of Loleta completed its conversion to the U.S.Bancorp system by officially opening its doors as U.S. Bank of California (U.S. Bank). Acquired by U.S. Bancorp on Dec. 15, 1988, the Bank of Loleta has been operating as a subsidiary of that company.  Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp Sets Purchase". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). April 28, 1988. p. 1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said it definitively agreed to acquire Northwestern Commercial Bank, Bellingham, Wash., for $15.5 million.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ Ruble, Mary; Bowler, Don & Van Duine, Teri (November 17, 1988). "U.S. Bancorp Acquires Northwestern Commercial Bank". Business Wire (Press release). p. 1. The completion of the acquisition of Northwestern Commercial Bank by U.S. Bancorp (NASDAQ: USBC) was announced Thursday, Nov. 17, by Ed Jensen, president, U.S. Bancorp and F. Murray ("Red") Haskell, chairman of the board, Northwestern Commercial Bank...  Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp - Western Independent Bancshares Is Purchased". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. July 23, 1988. p. B3. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp, the Portland-based financial services company, will buy Western Independent Bancshares Inc. in Auburn for $4.25 million in cash under the terms of a definitive agreement announced yesterday. Western Independent Bancshares is the parent company of Auburn Valley Bank, which had year-end assets of $44.6 million and offices in Auburn and Kent. The previously announced acquisition, which requires the approval of Western Independent Bancshares shareholders and regulators, is one of several pending or completed by U.S. Bancorp this year. The company completed the acquisition of Mt Baker Bank in Bellingham last month, and has agreements to purchase Northwestern Commercial Bank, also in Bellingham, and the Bank of Loleta in Eureka, Calif. 
^ Sorensen, Donald J. (October 19, 1989). "U.S. Bancorp Buys Women-Founded Sacramento Bank". The Oregonian. p. E17. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp continued its expansion into Northern California by announcing Wednesday that it has agreed to acquire Mother Lode Savings Bank of Sacramento for about $5.3 million. Mother Lode, which has assets of $107.7 million and three offices, was founded by women in 1980 as a savings and loan to encourage business development by women in the area. It was later changed to a savings bank and expanded its operations... It is one of the first acquisitions of a thrift by a commercial bank in the nation since legislation permitting such takeovers. However, the savings bank is healthy and it was not a rescue effort, U.S. Bancorp said... When the transaction is completed, expected early next year, the bank will become part of U.S. Bank of California, a Bancorp subsidiary. The California unit was formed early last year with the acquisition of the $143 million-in-assets Bank of Loleta in Eureka, Calif. 
^ MacKenzie, Bill (August 26, 1990). "U.S. Bank Acquires Mother Lode Savings". The Oregonian. p. B06. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bank has completed its acquisition of Mother Lode Savings Bank of Sacramento, further solidifying the Oregon bank's position in Northern California. Mother Lode, a state-chartered bank with about $111 million in assets and three offices, became part of U.S. Bank of California on Friday. 
^ Howe, Kenneth (July 29, 1991). "U.S. Bancorp on Northern California Buying Spree". San Francisco Chronicle. p. B1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp, with $18.6 billion in assets, is the country's 35th biggest bank. Breezley's goal is to get it among the top 20 banks by 1994. Even if the bigger banks were to stop growing, U.S. Bancorp would have to expand by 70 percent over the next 3 1/2 years to achieve the goal. But that may not be as difficult as it sounds. The company has tripled in size since 1983... Started from scratch 2 1/2 years ago, the company's U.S. Bank of California unit, with about $1.4 billion in assets, already is the seventh-largest bank headquartered in Northern California. Forming U.S. Bank of California after buying the tiny Bank of Loleta in Eureka at the end of 1988, Breezley added Sacramento's Mother Lode Savings in 1990 and Auburn's HeartFed Financial Corp. and Petaluma's Northbay Financial this year... Much of U.S. Bancorp's growth has occurred in the state of Washington, where the company has made six acquisitions in four years and where U.S. Bank of Washington, with $5.4 billion in assets, is now the third-largest bank. Breezley's next target is Idaho, where his blend of caution and aggression is evident. Tejera said that last year U.S. Bancorp tried three times to buy Idaho institutions: First National Bank of North Idaho in Wallace, Mountain West Savings Bank of Coeur d'Alene and Boise-based West One Bancorp. "They played it very conservative in those attempts, walking away when the price got too steep," he said. 
^ Reed, Molly (March 13, 1990). "First National Bank in Spokane to Transfer Branches to U.S. Bank". Business Wire (Press release). p. 1. U.S. Bancorp (NASDAQ: USBC) Tuesday announced plans to transfer branches of its wholly owned subsidiary First National Bank in Spokane (First National Bank) to its flagship Washington bank, U.S. Bank of Washington, National Association (U.S. Bank). In addition, First National Bank will apply to relocate its main office to Idaho. Completion of the transactions is dependent upon regulatory approval. "First National Bank has been a part of the U.S. Bancorp system since the acquisition of Old National Bank in 1987," said Gerry Cameron, president of U.S. Bank.  Link via ProQuest.
^ Ruble, Mary & Schmitt, Gary (February 19, 1992). "U.S. Bank Gains Approval to Serve Idaho Customers". Business Wire (Press release). p. 1. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) has approved an application to relocate U.S. Bancorp's subsidiary First National Bank in Spokane to Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. U.S. Bancorp acquired the First National Bank charter in 1987, as part of its acquisition of Old National Bancorporation, which is now part of the current U.S. Bank of Washington... U.S. Bank of Idaho, National Association, opened for business today in its new location and under its new name... Once established in Coeur d'Alene, Schmitt said U.S. Bank of Idaho will file an application for a new branch... Subsidiaries include United States National Bank of Oregon; U.S. Bank of Washington, National Association; U.S. Bank of California; and U.S. Bank of Idaho, National Association.  Link via ProQuest.
^ Rooks, Judy (July 18, 1990). "U.S. Bancorp Buys California Savings And Loan". The Oregonian. p. PAGE: D01. (Subscription required (help)). The Portland-based financial services company has reached an agreement to acquire HeartFed Financial Corp. of Auburn, Calif., the holding company for Heart Federal Savings and Loan... The deal is valued at about $107.8 million. Acquisition of the 29-branch savings and loan will give U.S. Bancorp its largest toehold in California. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp pays $118 million for California thrift". United Press International. March 28, 1991. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). November 5, 1991. p. B8. (Subscription required (help)). Ed Jensen, 54 years old, was named to the new post of chief operating officer at this bank holding company. Mr. Jensen continues as president.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "Banking & Finance". Los Angeles Times. February 27, 1992. 
^ Hicks, Larry (February 27, 1992). "Bofa, Security Pacific Branches Sold - U.S. Bancorp Deal Boosts Market Share In Sacramento, Northern California". Sacramento Bee. p. D1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp, a powerful Oregon bank that is challenging for local market leadership, on Wednesday purchased 49 branches in metropolitan Sacramento, Northern California and Nevada from giants BankAmerica Corp. and Security Pacific Corp. for $70 million... U.S. Bancorp is acquiring $1.58 billion in total deposits from the two banks, including 20 branches in Northern California which hold $750 million in deposits. Security Pacific owns 18 of those branches and BofA owns two offices... In Nevada, the acquisition package includes the purchase of Bank of America Nevada (owned by BofA), with 21 branches, plus eight Security Pacific branches in Nevada. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire Divested Bank Of America, Security Pacific Branches In Northern California, Nevada". PR Newswire (Press release). February 27, 1992 – via The Free Library. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). January 14, 1993. p. B8. (Subscription required (help)). Edmund P. Jensen, 55 years old, president and chief operating officer of this bank holding company, was named a vice chairman. Succeeding him as president is Kevin R. Kelly, 43, formerly president of company's U.S. Bank of Oregon unit. Mr. Jensen retains the post of chief operating officer of the holding company. Also named a vice chairman was Gerry B. Cameron, 54, former president of the company's U.S. Bank of Washington unit. A spokeswoman said the changes were part of an ongoing strategic development plan.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ Hansell, Saul (October 27, 1993). "Visa International Is Set To Replace Top Officer". New York Times. The longtime chief executive of Visa International, Charles Russell, will announce today that he is resigning from the credit card organization. He will be replaced by Edmund P. Jensen, a vice chairman of U.S. Bancorp in Portland, Ore. 
^ "Gerry B. Cameron Named Chief Operating Officer Of U.S. Bancorp". PR Newswire (Press release). January 6, 1994 – via The Free Library. Chairman Roger L. Breezley today announced that the board of directors of U.S. Bancorp has elected Vice Chairman Gerry Cameron to the additional position of chief operating officer (COO). With the new position, Cameron's scope of responsibility broadens from his traditional regional banking focus to include oversight of nationally focused financial businesses. Cameron assumes the title previously held by Edmund P. Jensen who recently left U.S. Bancorp to join Visa International as president and chief executive officer. Kevin R. Kelly remains as president of U.S. Bancorp. 
^ Francis, Mike & Hamburg, Ken (January 27, 1994). "U.S. Bancorp Board Puts Cameron In Charge". The Oregonian. p. C01. (Subscription required (help)). The directors of U.S. Bancorp put a new man in charge Wednesday, ending speculation about the succession at the region's largest independent bank. Gerry Cameron, a 38-year veteran of U.S. Bancorp, was named chief executive officer of the regional holding company. He succeeds Roger Breezley, who remains chairman of the company, a position he has held since 1987. Breezley, 55, surrendered his day-to-day management duties at the bank. The leadership change -- effective immediately -- was announced Wednesday night following an afternoon meeting of the company's directors. A statement by Breezley said he had recommended that the functions of chairman and chief executive be split. The change, he said, allows him to focus on oversight. The suddenness of the change surprised even bank insiders. About an hour after the directors adjourned, the senior vice president for investor relations said he hadn't heard about the change. 
^ Francis, Mike (March 19, 1994). "Kelly Steps Down at U.S. Bancorp". The Oregonian. p. E01. (Subscription required (help)). Kevin R. Kelly resigned Friday as president of U.S. Bancorp, partly because he didn't want his "restlessness" to become a distraction as the bank sharpens its focus on its internal operations. But he's also stepping aside at age 44 so chief executive officer Gerry B. Cameron can assemble his own team of managers at the highest levels of the region's largest independent bank. 
^ "Chairman Of U.S. Bancorp Steps Down". New York Times. April 20, 1994. The chairman of U.S. Bancorp, Roger L. Breezley, resigned yesterday. He will be succeeded by Gerry B. Cameron, the chief executive. The company, based in Portland, Ore., also said it planned to buy back up to six million shares to finance the company's 1993 stock incentive plan and for other corporate purposes. The company has about 99.7 million shares outstanding. Mr. Breezley, 56, will remain on the board. He relinquished the chief executive's post in January, the company said. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Chairman Roger Breezley Resigns". Seattle Times. April 20, 1994. announcement of Breezley's resignation was unexpected 
^ Torbenson, Eric (May 9, 1995). "Idaho Loses Last Major State Bank Boise’s West One Agrees To U.S. Bancorp Merger". The Spokesman-Review. 
^ Manning, Jeff (May 9, 1995). "Banking on Bigness: U.S. Buying West One". The Oregonian. p. A01. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp announced Monday morning its intention to buy Boise-based West One Bancorp in a deal valued at $1.6 billion. The acquisition would boost U.S. Bancorp's total assets from $21.4 billion to more than $30 billion, solidifying its position as the largest Northwest-owned bank... The merger cements U.S. Bancorp's position as the largest bank in Oregon. It also will become the largest institution in Idaho and move from fifth-largest to third-largest in Washington. West One also gives U.S. Bancorp its first entry into Utah. The acquisition probably will raise antitrust concerns among Justice Department lawyers. U.S. Bancorp acknowledged that it probably will have to divest assets in certain markets, especially the Portland metropolitan area, to gain government approval... The acquisition clears up speculation about who U.S. Bancorp's next chief executive will be. As part of the deal, the Portland bank named West One's chairman and chief executive, Dan Nelson, its own chief operating officer and president. What's more, Nelson will assume the bank's helm after Cameron retires in three years. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Purchase Of West One". New York Times. Bloomberg L.P. December 28, 1995. 
^ "Justice Allows U.S. Bank Deal". The Spokesman-Review. December 12, 1995. 
^ "First Hawaiian To Buy U.S. Bank Branches". Seattle Times. December 5, 1995. 
^ "Hawaii Bank Buys U.S. Bank Branches". The Spokesman-Review. December 5, 1995. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Buy California Bancshares: Mergers: Drop in Oregon bank's share price reflects concern that $309-million price tag is too high.". Los Angeles Times. February 13, 1996. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp completes California deal". United Press International. June 6, 1996. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire Sun Capital". Deseret News. September 26, 1996. 
^ "Meanwhile in Utah ...". Salt Lake Tribune. January 4, 1997. p. E10. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bank has finalized its acquisition of St. George-based Sun Capital Bank in a deal valued at $15.5 million. Under terms of an agreement originally signed Sept. 25, two Sun Capital branches in St. George and one in Hurricane will merge this spring into U.S. Bank... The merger will bring to 29 the number of U.S. Bank branches operating in Utah. The bank with $33 billion in assets moved into the state in April through its acquisition of West One Bank. 
^ Bartel, Frank (December 25, 1996). "Ex-Spokane Banker Passes Up Chance To Lead Regional Financial Giant". The Spokesman-Review. 
^ Ota, Alan K. (December 28, 1996). "U.S. Bancorp Buys California Bank". The Oregonian. p. B12. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp strengthened its growing franchise in Northern California Friday by agreeing Friday to acquire Business & Professional Bank of Sacramento for $35 million in cash. The Portland-based banking company's latest acquisition came at the end of a week of renewed rumors on Wall Street that U.S. Bancorp may itself might be a takeover target. The surprise annoucement announcement on Dec. 20 that President Daniel R. Nelson would take early retirement at the end of the year fueled the speculation. Nelson was the heir apparent to Chairman Gerry B. Cameron, who plans to retire at the end of 1998. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Acquisition of Business & Professional Bank". PR Newswire (Press release). May 1, 1997. 
^ Hansell, Saul (March 21, 1997). "First Bank System to Buy U.S. Bancorp of Oregon". New York Times. 
^ "First Bank System to buy U.S. Bancorp: Minneapolis-based...". Chicago Tribune. March 20, 1997. 
^ "First Bank Strikes Deal To Acquire U.S. Bancorp $9 Billion Deal Will Create 14th-Largest Bank In America". The Spokesman-Review. March 21, 1997. 
^ DePass, Dee (August 2, 1997). "It's a done deal: First Bank System acquires U.S. Bancorp - and its name - Analysts are waiting to see whether new combined company will make planned $340 million in expense cuts by next year". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 02D. (Subscription required (help)). First Bank System closed on its acquisition of Portland, Ore.-based U.S. Bancorp. Friday and changed its name to U.S. Bancorp. The new combined company will be headquartered in Minneapolis. The deal creates a robust financial institution operating in 17 states with $72 billion in assets and a market capitalization of $22 billion. It becomes the 14th-largest bank holding company in the country based on assets, and the 10th-largest based on market capitalization. Effective Monday, the ticker symbol will change to USB and the stock will trade on the New York Stock Exchange. "While this is a defining moment in the history of First Bank System as a bank holding company, it will be business as usual for customers at all our bank branches for the immediate future," said John F. Grundhofer, who will serve as president and chief executive officer of the new U.S. Bancorp. 
^ Ota, Alan K. (August 2, 1997). "U.S. Bank Workers Leave for Good". The Oregonian. p. E01. (Subscription required (help)). Connie Rosenberg pushed out the revolving door Friday afternoon and took her first step into life after U.S. Bancorp. Rosenberg, a bank auditor, was one of several hundred Portland workers laid off Friday, hours after Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc. completed its $9.9 billion stock-swap takeover of the old U.S. Bancorp. Both companies won approval from stockholders Thursday to merge. The combined company wasted no time launching a reorganization that will eliminate 4,000 jobs in 18 months. More than half the cuts will be in the Portland area... First Bank System Inc. of Minneapolis adopted the U.S. Bancorp name Friday. The new U.S. Bancorp began its first day of business assuring customers that they would see no changes in their customer accounts for a while. The company plans to merge operations slowly in the next 18 months. The stock of the new company will trade on the New York Stock Exchange with a new symbol, USB. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire Zappco, Inc.: Acquisition Creates Largest Banking Presence in St. Cloud Area". PR Newswire (Press release). September 15, 1997. 
^ DePass, Dee (December 16, 1997). "U.S. Bancorp finishes its acquisition of Zappco of St. Cloud". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 03D. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said Friday that it has completed its acquisition of St. Cloud-based Zappco, a bank holding company with three banks, six branches and $360 million in assets. Terms were not disclosed. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp To Buy Clark County Bank". The Spokesman-Review. March 14, 1998. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp acquires Washington holding company". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. March 13, 1998. 
^ "Northwest Bank Buyout Deal Gets A Federal Go-Ahead". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. October 10, 1998. p. B3. (Subscription required (help)). The Justice Department approved U.S. Bancorp's acquisition of Vancouver, Wash.-based Northwest Bancshares Inc. yesterday after U.S. Bancorp agreed to sell a branch in Clark County. 
^ Anderson, Julia (December 16, 1998). "Bank Sale Officially Complete". The Columbian. p. C1. (Subscription required (help)). It's official. Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp now owns Northwest National Bank of Vancouver. The sale has been pending since March when Northwest Bank shareholders approved the sale. The deal's closing was announced Tuesday, a few days after U.S. Bank agreed to sell Northwest's Hazel Dell branch to Centennial Bank of Eugene. That sale was required by the U.S. Justice Department to comply with anti-trust regulations. With that out of the way, the larger sale could go forward. 
^ Huber, Tim (December 24, 1998). "Cameron to Step Down at Bancorp". St. Paul Pioneer Press. p. 3B. (Subscription required (help)). Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp said Wednesday that chairman Gerry Cameron would retire at the end of the year as planned. He will be succeeded by U.S. Bancorp president and chief executive John Grundhofer. Cameron was chief executive of Portland, Ore.-based U.S. Bancorp when it was acquired for $9 billion by Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc. First Bank assumed the U.S. Bancorp name when the deal closed in March. Cameron became chairman of the merged company. The move is not a surprise. Cameron had said he would retire when the First Bank-U.S. Bancorp merger was announced in March 1997. 
^ DePass, Dee (December 29, 1998). "Grundhofer gains title as U.S. Bancorp chair retires - Cameron steps down after 40-year career". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp Chairman Gerry Cameron will retire effective Thursday, ending a banking career that spanned four decades. Cameron in 1997 had announced his intention to retire by the end of this year, so the move is no surprise. But it does further cement the passing of control at the old U.S. Bancorp, where Cameron was the CEO and president before the August 1997 sale of the Portland-based bank to Minneapolis-based First Bank System. After the deal closed, First Bank took the U.S. Bancorp name. Cameron's departure gives John (Jack) Grundhofer the title of chairman in addition to chief executive and president. Cameron remained out West after the acquisition, which caused many analysts to believe he had effectively given up control of the company long before his official Dec. 31 retirement. 
^ DePass, Dee (February 19, 1999). "U.S. Bancorp to buy San Diego bank firm - Stock purchase is valued at nearly $314 million". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). It wasn't the mega merger some bank analysts expected, but U.S. Bancorp pulled its own coup Thursday in announcing that it will buy San Diego-based Bank of Commerce in a stock deal valued near $314 million. Pending regulatory and shareholder approval, the purchase should close by June. Bank of Commerce, with 10 branches, boasts $638 million in assets and is the largest Small Business Administration (SBA) lender in California and one of the largest in the nation. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Plans to Buy San Diego Bank". Los Angeles Times. February 19, 1999. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Adding Bank Of Commerce In Stock Deal". New York Times. February 20, 1999. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp acquires Bank of Commerce". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. July 19, 1999. 
^ Cahill, Joseph B. (May 20, 1999). "U.S. Bancorp Agrees, for $904 Million In Stock, to Acquire Western Bancorp". Wall Street Journal. p. A8. ISSN 0099-9660. (Subscription required (help)).  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Buy Southern California Banks". New York Times. May 20, 1999. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Western Bancorp Buy". Los Angeles Times. November 17, 1999. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Acquisition of Western Bancorp". PR Newswire (Press release). November 16, 1999. 
^ DePass, Dee (July 22, 1999). "Heasley named to No. 2 job at USB - Zona and Sznewajs plan to leave bank". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). Philip Heasley has been named president and given the new title of chief operating officer at U.S. Bancorp, making him the likeliest successor to CEO John (Jack) Grundhofer... Industry speculation immediately centered on talk that the 49-year-old Heasley, a former Citibanker and USB's chief technology architect, had been selected over Zona, 54, a 10-year veteran who has run middle market and commercial operations, for the No. 2 position... The three men formed the management trio that transformed the small First Bank, near insolvency a decade ago, into U.S. Bancorp, the 13th-largest bank in the nation with $77 billion in assets. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Names Heasley President and Chief Operating Officer". PR Newswire (Press release). July 21, 1999. 
^ Allison, Melissa (November 8, 2000). "Bank One's First USA Rescuer To Retire: Credit Card Industry Vet Hired To Run Unit". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Is Acquiring Peninsula Bank Of San Diego". New York Times. September 3, 1999. 
^ "California : Southland Focus : San Diego's Peninsula Bank Is Sold". Los Angeles Times. September 3, 1999. 
^ DePass, Dee (September 3, 1999). "U.S. Bancorp to buy San Diego bank, its 3rd of year in Southern California - Purchase will cost $104 million in stock". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 03D. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said Thursday it will buy Peninsula Bank of San Diego for about $104 million in stock, USB's third bank deal in Southern California this year. 
^ Calbreath, Dean (September 3, 1999). "USB adds Peninsula Bank to its roster - Buyout will be stock deal valued at $104 million". San Diego Union Tribune. pp. C–1. (Subscription required (help)). n its third Southern California purchase this year, Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp has launched a $104 million buyout of San Diego's Peninsula Bank. 
^ Bigelow, Bruce V. (January 7, 2000). "Peninsula Bank shareholders move to block merger". San Diego Union Tribune. pp. C–1. (Subscription required (help)). A group of shareholders in Peninsula Bank of San Diego has moved to thwart Peninsula's merger with U.S. Bancorp, arguing the $100 million deal was "materially altered" when U.S. Bancorp cut its earnings estimate... Peninsula said last September that the bank had agreed to a buyout proposal submitted by Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp, the nation's No. 12 bank. The deal was valued then at approximately $100 million to $120 million. But the lawsuit is focused on a subsequent announcement issued Dec. 6, when U.S. Bancorp said lower-than-expected revenue and increased investments had reduced earnings expectations for the fourth quarter and the rest of 2000. The news sent shares of U.S. Bancorp plummeting by more than 27 percent that day, erasing more than $7 billion of market value. Before U.S. Bancorp's disclosure, the Minnesota bank had an estimated 12 percent rate in its earnings growth. The actual rate is now closer to 5 percent, Robbins said. 
^ "Business Briefing: U.S. Bancorp completes acquisition". San Diego Union Tribune. January 19, 2000. pp. C–2. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp of Minneapolis said yesterday it completed its acquisition of Peninsula Bank of San Diego. Based on the closing price of U.S. Bancorp shares Friday, Peninsula holders received $35.70 in U.S. Bancorp's shares for each Peninsula share held. Peninsula plans to convert its operations into U.S. Bank's systems, products and services in July. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire Scripps Financial Corporation of San Diego". PR Newswire (Press release). June 27, 2000. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Acquisition of Scripps Financial Corporation; Addition of Scripps Branches Complements U.S. Bank's California Presence". PR Newswire (Press release). October 13, 2000. 
^ Atlas, Riva D. (October 5, 2000). "U.S. Bancorp to Be Acquired By Firstar for $21 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Firstar Corporation and U.S. Bancorp Merge, Creating $160 Billion High-Growth Financial Services Company: $21.2 Billion Share Exchange Will Provide Immediate EPS Accretion". PR Newswire (Press release). October 4, 2000. 
^ a b Sanders, Edmund (October 5, 2000). "U.S. Bancorp to Be Sold to Firstar: Banking: Grundhofer brothers' $19-billion merger would create the nation's eighth-largest bank.". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "Firstar Corporation and U.S. Bancorp Complete Merger" (Press release). U.S. Bancorp. 2001-02-27. Archived from the original on 2001-12-04. 
^ DePass, Dee (February 27, 2001). "USB, Firstar make it official - Many Firstar executives moving to the Minneapolis headquarters". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). Firstar Corp. completes its $22 billion acquisition of U.S. Bancorp today, creating the nation's eighth-largest bank and triggering a move by a number of Firstar executives from Milwaukee to Minnesota. The influx of more than a dozen top Firstar personnel is expected to take place over the next few months. The headquarters of the combined bank will be in Minneapolis and the combined firm will keep the U.S. Bancorp name. Firstar CEO Jerry Grundhofer becomes CEO of the new, $160 billion U.S. Bancorp. Grundhofer, who replaces his older brother, Jack, in the role of USB CEO, reportedly already has located property in the Twin Cities and expects to move here by the fall. Jack Grundhofer becomes chairman of the combined organization. He will retire next year... The bank will be based in Minneapolis, retain the U.S. Bancorp name and span 24 states with nearly 2,200 branches. The bank will have $107 billion in deposits and 51,000 employees. (Firstar had 23,000, USB 28,000.) The combined bank plans to cut $266 million in expenses over three years, but few layoffs are planned because there was little geographic overlap between the banks. The New CEO will be former Firstar CEO Jerry Grundhofer. Former USB CEO John Grundhofer will be the chairman and retire in 2002. 
^ "Justice Department requires Firstar Corporation and U.S. Bancorp Inc. to sell branch offices in Minnesota and Iowa" (Press release). U.S. Department of Justice. February 5, 2001. 
^ "Bremer buys Firstar branches; move clears merger path". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. January 31, 2001. 
^ DePass, Dee (February 1, 2001). "Firstar to sell 11 branches to Bremer Bank". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). Milwaukee-based Firstar Corp. will sell 11 of its branches to Bremer Bank in St. Paul to comply with market-share rules governing its pending purchase of U.S. Bancorp. The branches are all in the Twin Cities and represent $760 million in deposits, about one-third of Firstar's current Minnesota franchise. The combined U.S. Bancorp-Firstar will have 90 branches in the Twin Cities after the divestiture, scheduled to take place in June. 
^ "Firstar sells two Iowa branches". Cincinnati Business Journal. February 6, 2001. 
^ Shim,, Grace (February 6, 2001). "Two Bluffs Bank Branches to Be Sold". Omaha World-Herald. p. 14. (Subscription required (help)). Two Firstar bank branches in Council Bluffs will be sold to West Des Moines, Iowa - based Liberty Bank FSB as part of the merger of Firstar Corp. and U.S. Bancorp. The Tuesday morning announcement was made within a day of Justice Department approval of the $21.2 billion merger that would create the nation's eighth largest bank, which is to carry the U.S. Bancorp name. 
^ "Hawaii-Based Bank to Sell Calif. Branches". Los Angeles Times. April 24, 2001. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire 20 Pacific Century Bank Branches in California". PR Newswire (Press release). June 5, 2001. 
^ "U.S. Bank Completes Acquisition of 20 Pacific Century Bank Branches In California". PR Newswire (Press release). September 10, 2001. 
^ "U.S. Bank completes buy of Pacific Century Bank branches". Pacific Business News. September 10, 2001. 
^ Calvey, Mark (July 22, 2002). "Bay View liquidates, sells assets to U.S. Bank, Wamu". San Francisco Business Times. 
^ "U.S. Bank Agrees to Purchase Bay View Bank Retail Branches". PR Newswire (Press release). July 22, 2002. 
^ "Bay View Capital Closes Sale of Branches to U.S. Bank". PR Newswire (Press release). November 1, 2002. 
^ "Jerry Grundhofer named chairman of U.S. Bancorp". Milwaukee Business Journal. December 18, 2002. 
^ "U.S. Bank to Acquire National City's Corporate Trust Bond Administration Business". Business Wire (Press release). May 25, 2004. 
^ "U.S. Bank buys National City trust division". Columbus Business First. May 25, 2004. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Promotes Richard Davis to President and Chief Operating Officer". Business Wire (Press release). October 19, 2004. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp names Richard Davis COO". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. October 19, 2004. 
^ McKinney, Jeff (July 2, 1998). "Star Banc's acquisition to cost city another HQ". Cincinnati Enquirer. 
^ Vomhof, John, Jr. (November 29, 2005). "U.S. Bank to acquire Wachovia units for $720M". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bank to Acquire the Municipal and Corporate Bond Trustee Business from SunTrust". Business Wire (Press release). July 25, 2006. 
^ Wilbert, Lauren (June 1, 2006). "U.S. Bancorp set to buy Vail Banks". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Purchase of Vail Banks, Inc.". Business Wire (Press release). September 1, 2006. 
^ "U.S. Bank to Acquire the Municipal Trustee Business from LaSalle Bank". Business Wire (Press release). November 10, 2006. 
^ LeBeau, Steve (November 10, 2006). "U.S. Bancorp to buy LaSalles's trustee business". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to buy United Financial". St. Louis Business Journal. November 7, 2006. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Acquisition of United Financial Corp.". Business Wire (Press release). February 6, 2007. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Announces Davis to Succeed Grundhofer as CEO in December 2006; Grundhofer to Remain Chairman Until December 2007". Business Wire (Press release). July 18, 2006. 
^ Nicole Garrison-Sprenger (July 18, 2006). "U.S. Bancorp CEO Grundhofer to retire". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ Garrison-Sprenger, Nicole (December 13, 2006). "Davis takes helm at U.S. Bancorp". St. Paul Pioneer Press. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Elects Richard Davis as Chairman and Announces Common Stock Dividend Increase". Business Wire (Press release). December 11, 2007. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires Mellon 1st Business Bank in Los Angeles/Orange County: U.S. Bancorp Vice Chairman Joseph Otting to Relocate to California". Business Wire (Press release). March 28, 2008. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Closes Deal for Mellon Unit". New York Times. June 3, 2008. 
^ UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY INITIAL SECTION 105(a) TROUBLED ASSET RELIEF PROGRAM REPORT TO CONGRESS FOR THE PERIOD OF OCTOBER 6, 2008 TO NOVEMBER 30, 2008 (PDF) (Report). Office of Financial Stability. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires Downey Savings & Loan and PFF Bank & Trust Through an FDIC Facilitated Transaction" (Press release). Business Wire. November 21, 2008. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires Deposits of First Bank of Idaho Through an FDIC-Facilitated Transaction". Business Wire (Press release). April 24, 2009. 
^ "US Bancorp takes over First Bank of the Tetons". The Oregonian. April 26, 2009. 
^ Serres, Chris (June 17, 2009). "U.S. Bancorp repays TARP bailout funds to Treasury". Star Tribune. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp (USB) Fund Services Acquires Mutual Fund Administration and Accounting Service Division of Fiduciary Management". Street Insider. October 5, 2009. 
^ Daykin, Tom (October 5, 2009). "U.S. Bancorp buys Fiduciary Management unit". Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. 
^ Temple-West, Patrick (October 14, 2009). "U.S. Bank Bulks Up By Buying First Citizens' Bond Trustee Unit". Bond Buyer. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ "U.S. Bank to Acquire the Bond Trustee Business from First Citizens Bank". Business Wire (Press release). October 7, 2009. 
^ a b "U.S. Bank Acquires FBOP Corporation’s Banking Subsidiaries Through an FDIC Facilitated Transaction" (Press release). Business Wire. October 30, 2009. 
^ "Prosperity Bank(R) Completes Acquisition of Texas Branches of U.S. Bank" (Press release). PRNewswire. March 29, 2010. 
^ Craver, Richard (October 15, 2009). "Texas is far enough west for BB&T Inc.: It's selling Nevada branches it bought two months ago". Winston-Salem Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bank Completes Purchase of Nevada Banking Operations from BB&T Corporation" (Press release). Business Wire. January 19, 2010. 
^ Marek, Lynne (July 29, 2010). "Nuveen Investments acquires U.S. Bancorp unit". Crain's Chicago Business. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to sell stock, bond funds to Nuveen". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. July 29, 2010. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires First Community Bank Through an FDIC Facilitated Transaction" (Press release). Business Wire. January 28, 2011. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires Banking Operations of BankEast Corporation of Tennessee Through an FDIC-Facilitated Transaction" (Press release). Business Wire. January 27, 2012. 
^ Bjorhus, Jennifer (March 19, 2013). "U.S. Bank to buy Deutsche Bank's U.S. municipal bond trustee business: The deal with Deutsche Bank will add about $57 billion to the $3 trillion in corporate trust assets U.S. Bank administers.". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. 
^ Henderson, Tom (January 7, 2014). "U.S. Bancorp buys Charter One branches in Chicago area". Crains Detroit Business. 
^ a b Yerak, Becky (June 23, 2014). "Former Charter One branches open as U.S. Bank". Chicago Tribune. 
^ Daniel, Steve (April 29, 2014). "U.S. Bank closing 13 branches in Charter One buyout". Crain's Chicago Business. 
^ Hammerand, Jim (January 20, 2015). "U.S. Bank promotes CFO Andy Cecere to COO; Is CEO job next?". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Promotes Andrew Cecere to President". Business Wire (Press release). January 19, 2016. 
^ "U.S. Bank CEO Richard Davis stepping down; St. Paul-reared COO taking over". St. Paul Pioneer Press. January 17, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to U.S. Bancorp.



Official website



Business data for U.S. Bancorp: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



Yahoo! - U.S. Bancorp Company Profile
Map of Locations







v
t
e


U.S. Bancorp



Divisions



U.S. Bank
Elavon
MoneyPass
Syncada





Historical components



Bay View Bank
Cal National Bank
EurekaBank
FBOP Corporation
Firstar Corporation
First Bank System
Marquette Bank Minneapolis
Mercantile Bancorporation
Star Banc Corporation





Buildings



U.S. Bank Center (Phoenix)
US Bank Plaza (Sacramento)
US Bank Tower (Los Angeles)
U.S. Bank Tower (Denver)
US Bank Plaza (Boise)
US Bank Building (Davenport, Iowa)
US Bancorp Center
US Bank Plaza (Minneapolis)
US Bank Centre








 '
 Commons












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul












v
t
e


Companies formerly based in Oregon



Moved out of state



Georgia Pacific
Integra Telecom (2014)
JELD-WEN (2015)
Louisiana Pacific
Banfield





Acquired by out-of-state entities



Camera World (2002)
Cascade Microtech (2016)
Fred Meyer
Freightliner
Harry & David (2014)
J. K. Gill
LaCrosse Footwear (2012)
MathStar (2010)
McCormick & Schmick's (2012)
Meier & Frank
Mentor Graphics
Merix (2010)
Oregon Steel Mills
Planar Systems (2015)
Sawyer's (1966)
Sequent Computer Systems
StanCorp Financial (2016)
Tektronix (2007)
U.S. Bancorp
West Coast Bank (2012)
Willamette Industries (2002)





Defunct or out of business



Consolidated Freightways
Emporium (2003)
Evergreen International Aviation
Floating Point Systems
G.I. Joe's (2009)
Hollywood Video (2010)
Sprouse-Reitz (1994)
White Stag Manufacturing










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=U.S._Bancorp&oldid=791877236"					
Categories: U.S. BancorpBanks based in MinnesotaCompanies based in MinneapolisBanks established in 18901890 establishments in MinnesotaCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from July 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


БългарскиDeutschفارسیFrançaisGalegoBahasa IndonesiaРусский 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 01:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









U.S. Bancorp - Wikipedia





















 






U.S. Bancorp

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from USBancorp)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"US Bank" redirects here. For other uses, see Bank of the United States.

U.S. Bancorp





Trading name

U.S. Bank



Type

Public company


Traded as
NYSE: USB
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Banking, Financial services


Founded
September 9, 1968; 48 years ago (1968-09-09)


Headquarters
Minneapolis, Minnesota



Number of locations

3,106 branches and 4,842 ATMs[1]



Key people




Andrew Cecere, President & CEO
Terry Dolan, Vice Chair & CFO
P.W. Parker, Chief Risk Officer
Mark G. Runkel, Chief Credit Officer
Richard K. Davis, Executive Chair


[2]


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis
Private equity


Revenue
 US$21.494 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$8.105 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$5.944 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$445.964 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$47.933 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

71,191 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries



Elan Financial Services
Elavon
Syncada





Capital ratio
9.1%[1] Tier 1 (12/2016)


Rating
Long Term Senior Debt
Moody's: A1 (10/2016)
S&P: A+ (10/2016)
Fitch: AA (10/2016)
DBRS: AA (10/2016)


Website
www.usbank.com


U.S. Bancorp is a bank holding company based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It is the parent company of U.S. Bank, National Association, known as U.S. Bank, which is ranked 7th on the list of largest banks in the United States. The company provides banking, investment, mortgage, trust, and payment services products to individuals, businesses, governmental entities, and other financial institutions. It has 3,106 branches and 4,842 ATMs, primarily in the Midwestern United States.[1] The company also owns Elavon, a processor of credit card transactions.[1]
U.S. Bancorp operates under the second-oldest continuous national charter, originally Charter #24, granted in 1863 following the passage of the National Bank Act. Earlier charters have expired as banks were closed or acquired, raising U.S. Bank's charter number from #24 to #2. The oldest national charter, originally granted to the First National Bank of Philadelphia, is held by Wells Fargo, which it obtained upon its merger with Wachovia.[3]



Contents


1 History

1.1 U.S. Bancorp of Oregon era
1.2 First Bank System era

1.2.1 U.S. Bancorp after takeover by First Bank System


1.3 Firstar era

1.3.1 Brief history of Firstar prior to acquisition
1.3.2 U.S. Bancorp after takeover by Firstar




2 Namesake buildings
3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]




One US Bank Plaza in downtown St. Louis, Missouri






The US Bank tower in downtown Denver, Colorado






US Bank tower in Salt Lake City, Utah






US Bank Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin






US Bank Building in Sheboygan, Wisconsin






U.S. Bancorp footprint






United States National Bank of Portland, Oregon






Downtown Minneapolis; U.S. Bancorp Center is the second unobstructed tower from the left.






US Bank in Hudson, Ohio






The US Bank Tower in downtown Los Angeles, California


The U.S. Bank name first appeared as United States National Bank of Portland, established in Portland, Oregon, in 1891.[4] It changed its name to the United States National Bank of Oregon in 1964.[4] In 1902, it merged with Ainsworth National Bank of Portland, but kept the U.S. National Bank name.[4] The decision turned out to be advantageous for the bank, as a 1913 federal law prohibited other banks from using “United States” in their names from that time forward.[citation needed] U.S. National was among the first banks to form a bank holding company — called U.S. Bancorp, on September 9, 1968.[citation needed]
The central part of the franchise dates from 1864, with the formation of First National Bank of Minneapolis.[4] In 1929, that bank merged with First National Bank of St. Paul (also formed in 1864) and several smaller Upper Midwest banks to form the First Bank Stock Corporation, which changed its name to First Bank System in 1968.[4]
In the eastern part of the franchise, Farmers and Millers Bank in Milwaukee opened its doors in 1853, growing into the First National Bank of Milwaukee and eventually becoming First Wisconsin and ultimately Firstar Corporation.[4] In Cincinnati, First National Bank of Cincinnati opened for business in 1863 under National Charter #24—the charter that U.S. Bancorp still operates under today, and one of the oldest active national bank charters in the nation.[4] Despite having started up in the midst of the Civil War, First National Bank of Cincinnati went on to survive many decades to grow into Star Bank.[4]
U.S. Bancorp of Oregon era[edit]
U.S. Bancorp of Oregon officially became a banking holding company for the U.S. National Bank of Oregon in January 1969[5] after receiving authorization from its bank directors on September 9, 1968[6] and subsequently receiving legal approval to proceed from the Comptroller of the Currency on November 28, 1968.[7] LeRoy B. Staver, president and chief executive officer of the bank, was quickly appointed chairman and chief executive officer for the new holding company while Robert B. Wilson was appointed president of the holding company and also executive vice president for the bank.[8] Wilson later resign as president in December 1972[9] and his position was filled eight months later by John A. Elornaga.[10]
After a long period of service, Staver finally retired in October 1974 and was succeeded by John Elorriaga who was promoted to chairman and chief executive officer while Carl May was named president in Elorriaga's place.[11]
A major change in the organization of leadership in U.S. Bancorp of Oregon occurred in August 1983. Although Elorriaga remained as chairman and chief executive officer for the firm, May was appointed to the new position of executive assistant to the chairman while Edmund P. Jensen was appointed president as replacement to May, and Roger L. Breezley was appointed to the new post of chief operating officer.[12]
In December 1986, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Forest Grove, Oregon-based Valley National Corporation (not to be confused with Phoenix, Arizona-based company of the same name) with its five-branch Valley National Bank of Forest Grove subsidiary for $13.7 million in stock.[13]
U.S. Bancorp of Oregon made its first acquisition outside the state of Oregon by announcing in December 1986 the pending acquisition of the Spokane, Washington-based Old National Bancorp with its Old National Bank of Washington and First National Bank of Spokane subsidiaries for $174 million.[14][15] The acquisition was completed in July 1987 on the first day that the state of Washington had allowed bank acquisitions by out-of-state companies.[16]
In December 1986, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Camas, Washington-based Heritage Bank for $2.8 million.[17][18]
In May 1987, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Seattle, Washington-based Peoples Bancorp with its Peoples National Bank subsidiary for $275 million in stock.[19][20] The acquisition was completed in December 1987.[21] After the acquisition, Peoples and Old National were combined to form U.S. Bank of Washington.
John Elorriaga retired as chairman of the board and chief executive officer in November 1987 and was replaced by Roger L. Breezley while Jensen continues as president.[22][23]
In December 1987, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Bellingham, Washington-based Mt Baker Bank for $25 million.[24]
U.S. Bancorp of Oregon entered the state of California by announcing in April 1988 the pending acquisition of the Eureka, California-based Bank of Loleta with seven branch offices in Humboldt and Del Norte counties for $15.3 million in cash.[25] The acquisition was completed in December 1988 and was renamed U.S. Bank of California.[26]
In April 1988, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Bellingham, Washington-based Northwestern Commercial Bank for $15.5 million.[27] The acquisition was completed in November 1988.[28]
In July 1988, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Auburn, Washington-based Western Independent Bancshares with its Auburn Valley Bank subsidiary for $4.25 million in cash.[29]
In October 1989, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Sacramento, California-based Mother Lode Savings Bank with three branch offices for $5.3 million.[30] The acquisition was completed in August 1990.[31] This acquisition was one of the first of a thrift by a commercial bank in the nation since legislation permitting such takeovers went into effect.
During the late 1980s, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon made several attempts to enter the state of Idaho by the acquisition of an existing Idaho-based bank, the only method then allowed under Idaho law, but failed when the price got too high.[32] In March 1990, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced that they would established a bank through a loophole in Federal banking law that allow the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency to allow the relocation of bank headquarters within 30 miles of their present location without regards to state boundaries and state regulations.[33] So U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced that they plan to transfer the existing branches of the First National Bank of Spokane to the U.S. Bancorp of Washington and then ask permission from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency to move the headquarters of First National from Spokane, Washington, to Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. After receiving Federal approval, First National was finally moved in February 1992 and renamed U.S. Bank of Idaho.[34]
In July 1990, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Auburn, California-based HeartFed Financial Corporation with its Heart Federal Savings and Loan subsidiary for $107.8 million in stock.[35] At the time of the announcement, Heart Federal Savings had 29 branch offices in northern California. The acquisition was completed in March 1991 for $118 million.[36]
In November 1991, Edmund P. Jensen was given the post of chief operating officer in addition to his duties as president, making him a possible successor to Breezley.[37]
In February 1992, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the 20 branch offices in Northern California and 29 branch offices in Nevada for $70 million that were being divested by Bankamerica Corporation as a result of Bank of America's impending acquisition of Security Pacific Corporation.[38][39][40] This acquisition gave U.S. Bancorp of Oregon its first presence in the state of Nevada.
Another major change in the organization of leadership in U.S. Bancorp of Oregon occurred in January 1993. While retaining his position as chief operating officer, Edmund P. Jensen was appointed vice chairman while giving his position of president to Kevin R. Kelly. At the same time, Gerry B. Cameron was appointed vice chairman.[41] Ten months later, Jensen resigned to become president of Visa International.[42] In January 1994, Gerry Cameron was first appointed chief operating officer as a replacement to Jensen[43] and later appointed chief executive officer just three weeks later.[44] Kelly submitted his resignation as president in March 1994[45] and Breezley finally gave up the chairmanship to Cameron in April 1994.[46][47]
In May 1995, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Boise, Idaho-based West One Bancorp for $1.8 billion.[48][49] At the time of the announcement, West One had branch offices in Idaho, Oregon, Washington, and Utah while U.S. Bancorp of Oregon had branch offices in Oregon, Washington, California, Idaho, and Nevada. The acquisition was completed in December 1995 and gave U.S. Bancorp of Oregon its first entry into the state of Utah.[50] As part of the acquisition deal, West One's chairman and chief executive Daniel R. Nelson would become the chief operating officer and president of U.S. Bancorp and he would later be Cameron's successor as chairman and CEO upon Cameron's planned retirement in three years. Since both U.S. Bancorp and West One had overlapping territories in Oregon and Washington, the U.S. Justice Department would only allow the acquisition to proceed if U.S. Bancorp would sell off 27 branch offices in Washington and Oregon.[51] As a result of the regulatory ruling, U.S. Bancorp sold 25 branch offices in Oregon, four in central Washington and one in Idaho to First Hawaiian Bank for $38 million in cash.[52][53]
In February 1996, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the San Ramon, California-based California Bancshares for $309 million in stock.[54] California Bancshares had a total of 38 branches in the East San Francisco Bay Area in nine separate banks that included Alameda First National, Community First National, Modesto Banking Co., Commercial Bank of Fremont, Lamorinda National Bank, Bank of San Ramon Valley, Westside Bank, Concord Commercial Bank and Bank of Milipitas. The acquisition was completed in June 1996.[55]
In September 1996, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the St. George, Utah-based Sun Capital Bancorp with its three-branch office Sun Capital Bank subsidiary for $15.5 million.[56] The acquisition was completed in January 1997.[57]
In December 1996, Daniel R. Nelson, president and chief operating officer of U.S. Bancorp of Oregon, unexpectedly announced his early retirement effective on New Year’s Day 1997. Nelson was originally in line to be Gerry B. Cameron's successor as chairman and chief executive upon the Cameron's planned retirement on New Year's Day 1999.[58]
In December 1996, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Sacramento, California-based Business & Professional Bank for $35 million in cash.[59] The acquisition was completed in May 1997.[60]
First Bank System era[edit]




First Bank System used this logo from 1979. It incorporates the silhouette of the number one.


In March 1997, the Minneapolis, Minnesota-based First Bank System announced the pending acquisition of the Portland, Oregon-based U.S. Bancorp of Oregon for $9 billion in stock.[61][62][63] At the time of the announcement, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon had banking offices in Oregon, Washington, California, Idaho and Utah while First Bank System had banking offices in Minnesota, Colorado, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, Kansas, and Wyoming. Under the terms of the acquisition, First Bank System would be renamed U.S. Bancorp with the headquarters for the newly combined company being at First Bank's existing headquarters in Minneapolis. John F. Grundhofer, chairman and chief executive of First Bank, was appointed president and chief executive of the new company while Gerry B. Cameron, chairman and chief executive of U.S. Bancorp of Oregon, was appointed chairman of the new company, which he held until his retirement in 1998. The acquisition was completed in August 1997.[64] Approximately 4000 jobs were eliminated, mostly in Portland.[65]
U.S. Bancorp after takeover by First Bank System[edit]
In September 1997, the new U.S. Bancorp, formerly First Bank System, announced the pending acquisition of the St. Cloud, Minnesota-based Zappco, Inc. with its three banks and six banking locations for an disclosed amount.[66] At the time of the announcement, U.S. Bancorp had more than 1,000 banking offices in the states of Minnesota, Oregon, Washington, Colorado, California, Idaho, Nebraska, North Dakota, Nevada, South Dakota, Montana, Iowa, Illinois, Utah, Wisconsin, Kansas, and Wyoming. The acquisition was completed in December 1997.[67]
In March 1998, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the Vancouver, Washington-based Northwest Bancshares with its 10-branch offices Northwest National Bank subsidiary for an undisclosed amount.[68][69] In October 1998, the U.S. Justice Department agreed to allow the acquisition to proceed on the condition that one of the Northwest National Bank branch offices was to be sold.[70] The acquisition was completed in December 1998 after U.S. Bancorp sold the request banking office to Centennial Bank of Eugene.[71]
At the end of 1998, Gerry Cameron retired as chairman and handed the position over to John Grundhofer who added the title of chairman to his other positions of president and chief executive officer.[72][73]
In February 1999, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the San Diego-based Bank of Commerce with its 10 branch offices for $314 million in stock.[74][75][76] The acquisition was finalized in July 1999.[77]
In May 1999, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the Newport Beach, California-based Western Bancorp with its Santa Monica Bank and Southern California Bank subidiaries and a total of 31 branch offices for $904 million in stock.[78][79] At the time of the announcement, U.S. Bancorp had 98 branch offices within California. The acquisition was finalized in November 1999 for $1.04 billion in stock.[80][81]
In July 1999, Philip G. Heasley was appointed president and chief operating officer of U.S. Bancorp. John Grundhofer had handed over the position of president to Heasley while still retaining the titles of chairman and chief executive officer.[82][83] Heasley had assisted Grundhofer in turning the company around from near insolvency when the company was originally known as First Bank until it became a successful financial institution that became large enough to be absorb other banks, including U.S. Bancorp of Oregon in 1997. Heasley resigned the following year to join Bank One as the head of their First USA credit card unit[84] around the same time Firstar was about to takeover U.S. Bancorp.
In September 1999, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the San Diego-based Peninsula Bank with its 11 branch offices for $104 million in stock.[85][86][87][88] In early January 2000, a group of Peninsula Bank stockholders tried to stop the merger because the initial merger agreement was made prior to the huge 27% single-day drop in the value of U.S. Bancorp stock which effectively lowered the purchase price.[89] The acquisition was later completed in January 2000 at a 10% reduction of the original price negotiated.[90]
In June 2000, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the San Diego-based Scripps Financial Corporation with its nine-branch office Scripps Bank subsidiary for $155 million in stock.[91] The acquisition was completed in October 2000.[92]
Firstar era[edit]
In October 2000, Firstar Corporation of Milwaukee, Wisconsin announced the pending acquisition of U.S. Bancorp of Minneapolis, Minnesota for $21 Billion in stock.[93][94][95] Firstar completed its buyout of U.S. Bancorp on February 27, 2001 and changed its name to U.S. Bancorp.[96] Under the merger agreement, Jerry Grundhofer, president and chief executive officer of Firstar, would continue in those positions in the combined company while his older brother, John Grundhofer, chairman, president and chief executive officer of U.S. Bancorp, would serve as chairman of the board in the combined company until his planned retirement on December 31, 2002.[95][97] Though some administrative functions would remain in Milwaukee and Cincinnati, it was decided that the new combined company would be based in Minneapolis and that the new company would use the U.S. Bancorp name.
To allow the merger to proceed, the U.S. Department of Justice required Firstar to sell 11 branch offices in the Minneapolis-area and 2 in Council Bluffs, Iowa.[98] Bremer Bank of Saint Paul, Minnesota purchased the 11 Minneapolis-area Firstar offices[99][100] while Liberty Bank of West Des Moines, Iowa purchased the 2 Council Bluffs offices.[101][102]
Brief history of Firstar prior to acquisition[edit]
Main article: Firstar Corporation
Although the origin of the Milwaukee-based Firstar Corporation can be traced back to the founding of the Farmer's and Millers Bank in Milwaukee in 1853 and the later formation of the First Wisconsin National Bank in 1919, the actual company that took over U.S. Bancorp in 2001 is the actually the same company and leadership that was responsible for the takeover of Firstar 27 months earlier in 1988, namely Star Banc Corporation. Jerry Grundhofer and his team from Star Banc were instrumental in both acquisitions. The stock and company histories for the current U.S. Bancorp is derive from that for the First National Cincinnati Corporation, a predecessor of Star Banc Corporation, and the First National Bank of Cincinnati that was founded in 1863.
U.S. Bancorp after takeover by Firstar[edit]
In April 2001, the new U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of all 20 branch offices in California of the Encino-based Pacific Century Bank from its Honolulu-based parent Pacific Century Financial Corporation.[103][104] The acquisition was completed in September 2001.[105][106]
In July 2002, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of all 57 retail banking branches of the San Mateo, California-based Bay View Bank from its Bay View Capital Corporation parent for $429 million.[107][108] The acquisition was completed in November 2002.[109]
On New Years Day 2003, John Grundhofer retired as chairman of U.S. Bancorp and handed the position to his younger brother Jerry Grundhofer, who added the title of chairman to his other positions of president and chief executive officer in the corporation.[110]
In May 2004, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $34 billion corporate trust bond administration business from National City Corporation.[111][112][113]
In October 2004, Richard K. Davis was appointed chief operating officer and president of U.S. Bancorp. Jerry Grundhofer had handed over the position of president to Davis while still retaining the titles of chairman and chief executive officer.[114] Davis had been a protege of Grundhofer since their days together at Star Banc Corporation and had assisted in the takeover of Firstar by Star Banc in 1998[115] and the later acquisition of U.S. Bancorp by Firstar in 2001.
In November 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $410 billion corporate trust and institutional custody businesses of Wachovia Corporation for $720 million in cash.[116]
In July 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $123 billion municipal and corporate bond trustee business from SunTrust.[117]
In June 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the Avon, Colorado-based Vail Banks Inc. with its WestStar Bank subsidiary and 23 locations for $98.6 million in cash.[118] The acquisition was completed in September 2006.[119]
In November 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $30 billion municipal bond trustee business from LaSalle Bank.[120][121]
In November 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the Great Falls, Montana-based United Financial Corporation with its Heritage Bank subsidiary for $71 million in stock.[122] The acquisition was completed in February 2007 and nearly double the branch presence of U.S. Bank in Montana.[123]
In December 2006, Jerry Grundhofer handed over the position of chief executive officer to president Richard Davis while Grundhofer remained chairman until his retirement the following year in December 2007.[124][125][126] After Grundhofer retirement in December 2007, Davis added the position of chairman to his other titles of president and chief executive officer.[127]
In March 2008, the U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the seven-office Los Angeles-based Mellon 1st Business Bank from the Bank of New York Mellon for an disclosed amount in cash.[128] The acquisition was completed in June 2008.[129]
On November 14, 2008, the U.S. Treasury invested $6,599,000,000 in preferred stock and warrants in the company via the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008.[130]
On November 21, 2008, the company acquired the failed Downey Savings & Loan Association and also the failed Pomona First Federal Bancorp in a transaction facilitated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for an disclosed amount.[131] Downey Savings had 170 branch offices in California and five branch offices in Arizona while PFF Bank had 38 branch offices in Southern California.
In April 2009, U.S. Bancorp acquired the assets and deposits of the failed Ketchum, Idaho-based First Bank of Idaho in a transaction facilitated by the FDIC.[132][133] First Bank of Idaho had seven offices in Idaho and Wyoming, some of which operated under the name First Bank of the Tetons.
On June 17, 2009, the company redeemed the $6.6 billion of preferred stock and on July 15, 2009, it completed the purchase of a warrant held by the U.S. Treasury Department. This effectively concluded U.S. Bancorp’s participation in the Capital Purchase Program. It was the first bank to repay the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds.[134]
On October 5, 2009, the company announced its acquisition of the $8 billion mutual fund administration and accounting servicing division of Fiduciary Management, Inc. for an undisclosed amount.[135][136]
On October 7, 2009, the company agreed to buy the bond trustee business of First Citizens Bank, a subsidiary of First Citizens BancShares Inc. for an undisclosed amount.[137][138]
On October 20, 2009, the company completed a transaction to purchase the failed FBOP Corporation's nine subsidiary banks from the FDIC for an disclosed amount. The banks included BankUSA, National Association with 2 offices in Arizona, Cal National Bank with 68 offices in California, Citizens National Bank with 1 office in Texas, Community Bank of Lemont with 1 office in Illinois, Madisonville State Bank with 1 office in Texas, North Houston Bank with 1 office in Texas, Pacific National Bank with 17 offices in California, Park National Bank with 31 offices in Illinois, and San Diego National Bank with 28 offices in California.[139]
Since the company did not have a previous presence in Texas nor want one in the near future, the company subsequently sold the three banks in Texas in 2010 to Houston-based Prosperity Bancshares for an disclosed amount.[140] Each of the banks had one office each.[139]
In October 2009, BB&T Corporation announced the pending sale of their Nevada banking operations to U.S. Bancorp for an disclosed amount. BB&T had just recently acquired the 21 offices in Nevada through a transaction facilitated by the FDIC for disposal of the assets and deposits of the failed Alabama-based Colonial BancGroup but BB&T had no desire to expand west of Texas while it wanted to keep the other Colonial former locations in the Southeastern United States.[141] The acquisition was completed in January 2010.[142]
In July 2010, U.S. Bancorp sold its FAF Advisors subsidiary to Nuveen Investments for $80 million and a 9.5% stake in Nuveen.[143][144]
In January 2011, U.S. Bancorp acquired the assets and deposits of the failed First Community Bank of New Mexico in a transaction facilitated by the FDIC for an asset discount of approximately $380 million.[145] The acquisition had included 35 offices in New Mexico and 3 offices in Arizona.
In January 2012, the company acquired the assets and deposits of the failed Knoxville, Tennessee-based BankEast in a transaction facilitated by the FDIC for an asset discount of approximately $67.5 million.[146] The acquisition had included 10 offices in the Knoxville area.
In March 2013, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $57 billion municipal bond trustee business from Deutsche Bank.[147]
In January 2014, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of 94 branch offices of the Charter One Bank in Chicago from the RBS Citizens Financial Group for $315 million,[148] doubling its market share in Chicago.[149] 13 Charter One branches were closed due to their close proximity to existing U.S. Bank offices.[150] The acquisition was completed in June 2014.[149]
In January 2015, chief financial officer Andrew Cecere was promoted to chief operating officer.[151] A year later, Cecere was given the additional position of president.[152]
In January 2017, U.S. Bancorp announced that chairman and CEO Richard Davis was going to hand over his CEO position to president and COO Andrew Cecere in April 2017 while still remaining chairman of the corporation.[153]
Namesake buildings[edit]


US Bank Center in Phoenix, AZ
US Bank Plaza in Sacramento, CA
US Bank Tower in Sacramento, CA
One California in San Francisco, CA, sports the US Bank logo and houses bank offices
US Bank Tower in Los Angeles, CA, the tallest building west of the Mississippi River
US Bank Tower in Denver, CO
US Bank Plaza in Boise, ID
US Bank Building in Chicago, IL
US Bank Building in Davenport, IA
US Bank Building in Duluth, MN
US Bancorp Center in Minneapolis, MN
US Bank Plaza in Minneapolis, MN
U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, MN
US Bank Center in St. Paul, MN
One US Bank Plaza in St. Louis, MO
US Bank Building in Billings, MT
US Bank Tower in Lincoln, NE
US Bank Center in Las Vegas, NV
US Bank Arena in Cincinnati, OH
US Bank Tower in Cincinnati, OH
US Bank Centre in Cleveland, OH
US Bancorp Tower in Portland, OR
US Bank Building in Sioux Falls, SD
US Bank Centre in Seattle WA
US Bank Building in Spokane, WA
US Bank Building in La Crosse, WI
US Bank Center in Milwaukee, WI
US Bank Plaza in Madison, WI


See also[edit]


Minnesota portal
Companies portal



Official website
John F. Grundhofer

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g h i j U.S. Bancorp 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ U.S. Bancorp 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ "Wells Fargo: Guided By History". Wells Fargo. 
^ a b c d e f g h "U.S. Bank: A Rich Heritage". 
^ "U.S. Bancorporation Unit". Wall Street Journal. January 6, 1969. p. 6. U.S. National Bank of Oregon said it has become a subsidiary of its previously announced holding company, U.S. Bancorporation [sic].  Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. National, Oregon, Board Votes Reorganization Plan". Wall Street Journal. September 9, 1968. p. 13. (Subscription required (help)). Directors of U.S. National Bank of Oregon approved plans to make the bank the subsidiary of a new one-bank holding company, tentatively to be called U.S. Bancorp, U.S. National announced... The move, according to LeRoy B. Staver, would permit the bank to diversify within the financial field. He added that definite plans for acquisitions haven't been formulated yet.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "Two Major Banks Get Permission to Organize One-Unit Holding Firms: Currency Comptroller Approves Three Other Such Proposals, Putting Week's Total at Seven". Wall Street Journal. November 29, 1968. p. 6. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. National Bank of Portland, Ore., received permission to merge with Unit National Bank Of Oregon, currently organizing; the new institution would be owned by U.S. Bancorp. U.S. National has deposits of $1.16 billion and operates 110 offices. American Fletcher National Bank & Trust Co., Indianapolis, with deposits of $594 million and 41 branches, was given approval to merge with Marion County National Bank, currently organizing. American Fletcher is owned by American Fletcher Corp.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "Robert B. Wilson Is Named President of U.S. Bancorp". Wall Street Journal. February 25, 1969. p. 16. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said Robert B. Wilson, a Portland businessman, has been named president of the one-bank holding company and executive vice president of its subsidiary, U.S. National Bank of Oregon. Mr. Wilson, 53 years old, replaces LeRoy B. Staver, 60, who becomes chairman of the holding company, a position previously unfilled. In addition, Mr. Staver will remain president of the bank and chief executive officer of both the bank and the holding company.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "Dividend News: U.S. Bancorp Increases Payout, Proposes Split; Wilson Quits Presidency". Wall Street Journal. December 26, 1972. p. 13. (Subscription required (help)).  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp Appoints John Elorriaga President". Wall Street Journal. August 28, 1973. p. 20. (Subscription required (help)). John A. Elorriaga was elected president and chief administrative officer of U.S. Bancorp., a bank holding company. Mr. Elorriaga also will continue as president and chief administrative officer of U.S. National Bank of Oregon, principal subsidlary of U.S. Bancorp.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "At the Top: U.S. Bancorp elected a new president and a new chairman.". Los Angeles Times. October 29, 1974. p. d9. (Subscription required (help)). Carl May was named president, succeeding John A. Elorriaga who was promoted to chairman and chief executive officer of the Portland, Ore., firm. Elorriaga succeeds LeRoy B. Staver, who is retiring. U.S. Bancorp., holding company of U.S. National Bank of Oregon, had total assets of $2.725 billion last year.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp". Wall Street Journal. August 30, 1983. p. 34. (Subscription required (help)). Roger L. Breezley, 45-year-old vice chairman of this bank-holding company, was named to the additional new post of chief operating officer. Carl W. Mays Jr., 58, was named to the new position of executive assistant to the chairman. Edmund P. Jensen, 45, formerly executive vice president, was named president, succeeding Mr. Mays. Mr. Jensen also was appointed a director, expanding the board to 24.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp Plans to Buy Valley National for Stock". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). December 8, 1986. p. 1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said it plans to acquire Valley National Corp., a Forest Grove, Ore., bank holding concern, in a stock-swap with an indicated value of about $13.7 million... U.S. Bancorp operates 195 branches in Oregon through its U.S. Bank unit. Valley National, with assets of $93 million, has five branch bank locations and is the parent of Oregon-based Pacific Northwest Trust Corp. and Northvale Homes Inc.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ Gapa, Les (December 18, 1986). "A Big Oregon Bank Will Buy Old National". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. p. B10. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp, the largest bank in Oregon, agreed yesterday to acquire Old National Bancorp, Washington's fifth largest commercial bank, in a merger that could drastically change competition in this state's banking industry. The combination would create the largest financial institution in the Northwest, with about $11 billion in assets, the companies said, surpassing in size both Seafirst Corp. and Rainier Bancorp, currently Nos. 1 and 2 in Washington... The $174 million acquisition, to be effective next July 1... 
^ Buck, Richard (December 18, 1986). "Merger to Make U.S. Bancorp. Biggest Bank". Seattle Times. p. F1. (Subscription required (help)). Old National Bank, long known as the fifth-largest bank in this state, is about to become part of what will be the largest Northwest-based banking institution... The two bank-holding companies, flirting with each other for several years, announced yesterday they intend to merge, with U.S. Bancorp. paying $174 million, or $46 a share, to acquire Old National... U.S. Bancorp. repeatedly said it intended to enter Washington once legal barriers are removed next July 1... Much of the improvement comes from better profits at Old National Bank and First National Bank in Spokane, along with lower losses at Old National Financial Services, a consumer-finance subsidiary whose problems nearly sank the bank in 1983. 
^ Buck, Richard (June 30, 1987). "State Banks Ready to Open Door to Interstate Banking". Seattle Times. p. C1. (Subscription required (help)). On paper, tomorrow is one of the most important days of the decade for the banking industry in Washington. It's when interstate banking is officially allowed to begin. But in reality, July 1 will be a non-event, except to some senior executives of Old National Bank, which will come under new management and become a subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp in Portland. 
^ "Briefly". Los Angeles Times (Home ed.). December 25, 1986. p. 11. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp of Portland, Ore., said it will acquire Heritage Bank in Camas, Wash.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp Plans to Buy Camas Bank". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. December 25, 1986. p. B7. (Subscription required (help)). Oregon's U.S. Bancorp, which recently announced plans to acquire Spokane-based Old National Bancorporation, yesterday announced another foray into Washington state by signing a definitive agreement to buy the small Heritage Bank in Camas in Clark County. The company said the price will be $2.8 million for all 60,000 issued and outstanding shares of Heritage Bank stock. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp To Buy Peoples". New York Times. May 20, 1987. 
^ Heberlein, Greg (May 19, 1987). "U.S. Bankcorp. Agrees to Merge With Peoples". Seattle Times. p. E1. (Subscription required (help)). In a surprise move, U.S. Bancorp. of Portland today said it would exchange stock worth about $74 a share to acquire Seattle-based Peoples Bancorp. 
^ Erickson, Jim (January 1, 1988). "A Bad Year for Nostalgia - Interstate Banking Law Had Its Effect". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. p. B12. (Subscription required (help)). In front of a small gathering of bank officials and the press last week, Peoples Bancorp. Chairman Joshua Green III signed ownership of the 98-year-old bank over to U.S. Bancorp of Portland. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp's Breezley Is Named Chairman, Chief". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). October 27, 1987. p. 1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said Roger L. Breezley, 49 years old, was named chairman and chief executive officer, succeeding John A. Elorriaga, 64, who is retiring. Mr. Breezley has been vice chairman and chief operating officer since 1983. U.S. Bancorp, with $10.6 billion in assets, is the largest bank holding company headquartered in the Pacific Northwest.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "People on The Move". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. November 2, 1987. p. B6. (Subscription required (help)). Roger L. Breezley has been elected chairman of the board and chief executive officer of U.S. Bancorp, the Portland holding company that has acquired Old National Bank and is taking over Peoples National Bank. Breezley succeeded John A. Elorriaga as chairman upon Elorriaga's retirement yesterday. Breezley has been vice chairman of the board and chief operating officer of U.S. Bancorp since 1983. U.S. Bancorp subsidiaries include Oregon's largest bank, U.S. National Bank of Oregon, Old National Bank of Washington and U.S. Bank of Southwest Washington. It is the largest independent bank company in the Northwest. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Plans To Buy Mt Baker Bank". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). December 17, 1987. p. 1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp signed a preliminary agreement for the acquisition of Mt Baker Bank for $16 a share, or $25 million, the companies said. Under the accord, Mt Baker, based in Bellingham, Wash., will become a subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp, based in Portland.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ Sorensen, Donald J. (April 9, 1988). "U.S. Bancorp to Expand to California". The Oregonian. p. E01. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp carried its acquisition program into Northern California for the first time with the announcement Friday that it plans to purchase a bank based in Eureka. A letter of intent has been signed to acquire the Bank of Loleta, a state-chartered bank with assets of $143 million with seven branches in Humboldt and Del Norte counties. Purchase price is about $15.3 million in cash, the Portland-based bank holding company said... The expansion policy of U.S. Bancorp in recent years has created the third-largest bank in Washington with Old National Bancorporation of Spokane and Peoples Bancorporation of Seattle combined into U.S. Bank of Washington. Another subsidiary is U.S. Bank of Southwest Washington, based in Vancouver, and including Heritage Bank of Camas. Pending acquisitions include Mt Baker Bank, a savings bank in Bellingham, and Northwestern Commercial Bank, also in Bellingham. Last year, it also acquired Valley National Bank of Forest Grove to add to the statewide network of U.S. National Bank of Oregon. 
^ Roberts, Bruce & Ruble, Mary B. (June 12, 1989). "Bank of Loleta Becomes U.S. Bank of California". Business Wire (Press release). p. 1. The name has changed but the people remain the same. On June 12, 1989, the Bank of Loleta completed its conversion to the U.S.Bancorp system by officially opening its doors as U.S. Bank of California (U.S. Bank). Acquired by U.S. Bancorp on Dec. 15, 1988, the Bank of Loleta has been operating as a subsidiary of that company.  Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp Sets Purchase". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). April 28, 1988. p. 1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said it definitively agreed to acquire Northwestern Commercial Bank, Bellingham, Wash., for $15.5 million.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ Ruble, Mary; Bowler, Don & Van Duine, Teri (November 17, 1988). "U.S. Bancorp Acquires Northwestern Commercial Bank". Business Wire (Press release). p. 1. The completion of the acquisition of Northwestern Commercial Bank by U.S. Bancorp (NASDAQ: USBC) was announced Thursday, Nov. 17, by Ed Jensen, president, U.S. Bancorp and F. Murray ("Red") Haskell, chairman of the board, Northwestern Commercial Bank...  Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp - Western Independent Bancshares Is Purchased". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. July 23, 1988. p. B3. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp, the Portland-based financial services company, will buy Western Independent Bancshares Inc. in Auburn for $4.25 million in cash under the terms of a definitive agreement announced yesterday. Western Independent Bancshares is the parent company of Auburn Valley Bank, which had year-end assets of $44.6 million and offices in Auburn and Kent. The previously announced acquisition, which requires the approval of Western Independent Bancshares shareholders and regulators, is one of several pending or completed by U.S. Bancorp this year. The company completed the acquisition of Mt Baker Bank in Bellingham last month, and has agreements to purchase Northwestern Commercial Bank, also in Bellingham, and the Bank of Loleta in Eureka, Calif. 
^ Sorensen, Donald J. (October 19, 1989). "U.S. Bancorp Buys Women-Founded Sacramento Bank". The Oregonian. p. E17. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp continued its expansion into Northern California by announcing Wednesday that it has agreed to acquire Mother Lode Savings Bank of Sacramento for about $5.3 million. Mother Lode, which has assets of $107.7 million and three offices, was founded by women in 1980 as a savings and loan to encourage business development by women in the area. It was later changed to a savings bank and expanded its operations... It is one of the first acquisitions of a thrift by a commercial bank in the nation since legislation permitting such takeovers. However, the savings bank is healthy and it was not a rescue effort, U.S. Bancorp said... When the transaction is completed, expected early next year, the bank will become part of U.S. Bank of California, a Bancorp subsidiary. The California unit was formed early last year with the acquisition of the $143 million-in-assets Bank of Loleta in Eureka, Calif. 
^ MacKenzie, Bill (August 26, 1990). "U.S. Bank Acquires Mother Lode Savings". The Oregonian. p. B06. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bank has completed its acquisition of Mother Lode Savings Bank of Sacramento, further solidifying the Oregon bank's position in Northern California. Mother Lode, a state-chartered bank with about $111 million in assets and three offices, became part of U.S. Bank of California on Friday. 
^ Howe, Kenneth (July 29, 1991). "U.S. Bancorp on Northern California Buying Spree". San Francisco Chronicle. p. B1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp, with $18.6 billion in assets, is the country's 35th biggest bank. Breezley's goal is to get it among the top 20 banks by 1994. Even if the bigger banks were to stop growing, U.S. Bancorp would have to expand by 70 percent over the next 3 1/2 years to achieve the goal. But that may not be as difficult as it sounds. The company has tripled in size since 1983... Started from scratch 2 1/2 years ago, the company's U.S. Bank of California unit, with about $1.4 billion in assets, already is the seventh-largest bank headquartered in Northern California. Forming U.S. Bank of California after buying the tiny Bank of Loleta in Eureka at the end of 1988, Breezley added Sacramento's Mother Lode Savings in 1990 and Auburn's HeartFed Financial Corp. and Petaluma's Northbay Financial this year... Much of U.S. Bancorp's growth has occurred in the state of Washington, where the company has made six acquisitions in four years and where U.S. Bank of Washington, with $5.4 billion in assets, is now the third-largest bank. Breezley's next target is Idaho, where his blend of caution and aggression is evident. Tejera said that last year U.S. Bancorp tried three times to buy Idaho institutions: First National Bank of North Idaho in Wallace, Mountain West Savings Bank of Coeur d'Alene and Boise-based West One Bancorp. "They played it very conservative in those attempts, walking away when the price got too steep," he said. 
^ Reed, Molly (March 13, 1990). "First National Bank in Spokane to Transfer Branches to U.S. Bank". Business Wire (Press release). p. 1. U.S. Bancorp (NASDAQ: USBC) Tuesday announced plans to transfer branches of its wholly owned subsidiary First National Bank in Spokane (First National Bank) to its flagship Washington bank, U.S. Bank of Washington, National Association (U.S. Bank). In addition, First National Bank will apply to relocate its main office to Idaho. Completion of the transactions is dependent upon regulatory approval. "First National Bank has been a part of the U.S. Bancorp system since the acquisition of Old National Bank in 1987," said Gerry Cameron, president of U.S. Bank.  Link via ProQuest.
^ Ruble, Mary & Schmitt, Gary (February 19, 1992). "U.S. Bank Gains Approval to Serve Idaho Customers". Business Wire (Press release). p. 1. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) has approved an application to relocate U.S. Bancorp's subsidiary First National Bank in Spokane to Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. U.S. Bancorp acquired the First National Bank charter in 1987, as part of its acquisition of Old National Bancorporation, which is now part of the current U.S. Bank of Washington... U.S. Bank of Idaho, National Association, opened for business today in its new location and under its new name... Once established in Coeur d'Alene, Schmitt said U.S. Bank of Idaho will file an application for a new branch... Subsidiaries include United States National Bank of Oregon; U.S. Bank of Washington, National Association; U.S. Bank of California; and U.S. Bank of Idaho, National Association.  Link via ProQuest.
^ Rooks, Judy (July 18, 1990). "U.S. Bancorp Buys California Savings And Loan". The Oregonian. p. PAGE: D01. (Subscription required (help)). The Portland-based financial services company has reached an agreement to acquire HeartFed Financial Corp. of Auburn, Calif., the holding company for Heart Federal Savings and Loan... The deal is valued at about $107.8 million. Acquisition of the 29-branch savings and loan will give U.S. Bancorp its largest toehold in California. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp pays $118 million for California thrift". United Press International. March 28, 1991. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). November 5, 1991. p. B8. (Subscription required (help)). Ed Jensen, 54 years old, was named to the new post of chief operating officer at this bank holding company. Mr. Jensen continues as president.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "Banking & Finance". Los Angeles Times. February 27, 1992. 
^ Hicks, Larry (February 27, 1992). "Bofa, Security Pacific Branches Sold - U.S. Bancorp Deal Boosts Market Share In Sacramento, Northern California". Sacramento Bee. p. D1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp, a powerful Oregon bank that is challenging for local market leadership, on Wednesday purchased 49 branches in metropolitan Sacramento, Northern California and Nevada from giants BankAmerica Corp. and Security Pacific Corp. for $70 million... U.S. Bancorp is acquiring $1.58 billion in total deposits from the two banks, including 20 branches in Northern California which hold $750 million in deposits. Security Pacific owns 18 of those branches and BofA owns two offices... In Nevada, the acquisition package includes the purchase of Bank of America Nevada (owned by BofA), with 21 branches, plus eight Security Pacific branches in Nevada. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire Divested Bank Of America, Security Pacific Branches In Northern California, Nevada". PR Newswire (Press release). February 27, 1992 – via The Free Library. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). January 14, 1993. p. B8. (Subscription required (help)). Edmund P. Jensen, 55 years old, president and chief operating officer of this bank holding company, was named a vice chairman. Succeeding him as president is Kevin R. Kelly, 43, formerly president of company's U.S. Bank of Oregon unit. Mr. Jensen retains the post of chief operating officer of the holding company. Also named a vice chairman was Gerry B. Cameron, 54, former president of the company's U.S. Bank of Washington unit. A spokeswoman said the changes were part of an ongoing strategic development plan.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ Hansell, Saul (October 27, 1993). "Visa International Is Set To Replace Top Officer". New York Times. The longtime chief executive of Visa International, Charles Russell, will announce today that he is resigning from the credit card organization. He will be replaced by Edmund P. Jensen, a vice chairman of U.S. Bancorp in Portland, Ore. 
^ "Gerry B. Cameron Named Chief Operating Officer Of U.S. Bancorp". PR Newswire (Press release). January 6, 1994 – via The Free Library. Chairman Roger L. Breezley today announced that the board of directors of U.S. Bancorp has elected Vice Chairman Gerry Cameron to the additional position of chief operating officer (COO). With the new position, Cameron's scope of responsibility broadens from his traditional regional banking focus to include oversight of nationally focused financial businesses. Cameron assumes the title previously held by Edmund P. Jensen who recently left U.S. Bancorp to join Visa International as president and chief executive officer. Kevin R. Kelly remains as president of U.S. Bancorp. 
^ Francis, Mike & Hamburg, Ken (January 27, 1994). "U.S. Bancorp Board Puts Cameron In Charge". The Oregonian. p. C01. (Subscription required (help)). The directors of U.S. Bancorp put a new man in charge Wednesday, ending speculation about the succession at the region's largest independent bank. Gerry Cameron, a 38-year veteran of U.S. Bancorp, was named chief executive officer of the regional holding company. He succeeds Roger Breezley, who remains chairman of the company, a position he has held since 1987. Breezley, 55, surrendered his day-to-day management duties at the bank. The leadership change -- effective immediately -- was announced Wednesday night following an afternoon meeting of the company's directors. A statement by Breezley said he had recommended that the functions of chairman and chief executive be split. The change, he said, allows him to focus on oversight. The suddenness of the change surprised even bank insiders. About an hour after the directors adjourned, the senior vice president for investor relations said he hadn't heard about the change. 
^ Francis, Mike (March 19, 1994). "Kelly Steps Down at U.S. Bancorp". The Oregonian. p. E01. (Subscription required (help)). Kevin R. Kelly resigned Friday as president of U.S. Bancorp, partly because he didn't want his "restlessness" to become a distraction as the bank sharpens its focus on its internal operations. But he's also stepping aside at age 44 so chief executive officer Gerry B. Cameron can assemble his own team of managers at the highest levels of the region's largest independent bank. 
^ "Chairman Of U.S. Bancorp Steps Down". New York Times. April 20, 1994. The chairman of U.S. Bancorp, Roger L. Breezley, resigned yesterday. He will be succeeded by Gerry B. Cameron, the chief executive. The company, based in Portland, Ore., also said it planned to buy back up to six million shares to finance the company's 1993 stock incentive plan and for other corporate purposes. The company has about 99.7 million shares outstanding. Mr. Breezley, 56, will remain on the board. He relinquished the chief executive's post in January, the company said. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Chairman Roger Breezley Resigns". Seattle Times. April 20, 1994. announcement of Breezley's resignation was unexpected 
^ Torbenson, Eric (May 9, 1995). "Idaho Loses Last Major State Bank Boise’s West One Agrees To U.S. Bancorp Merger". The Spokesman-Review. 
^ Manning, Jeff (May 9, 1995). "Banking on Bigness: U.S. Buying West One". The Oregonian. p. A01. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp announced Monday morning its intention to buy Boise-based West One Bancorp in a deal valued at $1.6 billion. The acquisition would boost U.S. Bancorp's total assets from $21.4 billion to more than $30 billion, solidifying its position as the largest Northwest-owned bank... The merger cements U.S. Bancorp's position as the largest bank in Oregon. It also will become the largest institution in Idaho and move from fifth-largest to third-largest in Washington. West One also gives U.S. Bancorp its first entry into Utah. The acquisition probably will raise antitrust concerns among Justice Department lawyers. U.S. Bancorp acknowledged that it probably will have to divest assets in certain markets, especially the Portland metropolitan area, to gain government approval... The acquisition clears up speculation about who U.S. Bancorp's next chief executive will be. As part of the deal, the Portland bank named West One's chairman and chief executive, Dan Nelson, its own chief operating officer and president. What's more, Nelson will assume the bank's helm after Cameron retires in three years. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Purchase Of West One". New York Times. Bloomberg L.P. December 28, 1995. 
^ "Justice Allows U.S. Bank Deal". The Spokesman-Review. December 12, 1995. 
^ "First Hawaiian To Buy U.S. Bank Branches". Seattle Times. December 5, 1995. 
^ "Hawaii Bank Buys U.S. Bank Branches". The Spokesman-Review. December 5, 1995. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Buy California Bancshares: Mergers: Drop in Oregon bank's share price reflects concern that $309-million price tag is too high.". Los Angeles Times. February 13, 1996. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp completes California deal". United Press International. June 6, 1996. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire Sun Capital". Deseret News. September 26, 1996. 
^ "Meanwhile in Utah ...". Salt Lake Tribune. January 4, 1997. p. E10. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bank has finalized its acquisition of St. George-based Sun Capital Bank in a deal valued at $15.5 million. Under terms of an agreement originally signed Sept. 25, two Sun Capital branches in St. George and one in Hurricane will merge this spring into U.S. Bank... The merger will bring to 29 the number of U.S. Bank branches operating in Utah. The bank with $33 billion in assets moved into the state in April through its acquisition of West One Bank. 
^ Bartel, Frank (December 25, 1996). "Ex-Spokane Banker Passes Up Chance To Lead Regional Financial Giant". The Spokesman-Review. 
^ Ota, Alan K. (December 28, 1996). "U.S. Bancorp Buys California Bank". The Oregonian. p. B12. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp strengthened its growing franchise in Northern California Friday by agreeing Friday to acquire Business & Professional Bank of Sacramento for $35 million in cash. The Portland-based banking company's latest acquisition came at the end of a week of renewed rumors on Wall Street that U.S. Bancorp may itself might be a takeover target. The surprise annoucement announcement on Dec. 20 that President Daniel R. Nelson would take early retirement at the end of the year fueled the speculation. Nelson was the heir apparent to Chairman Gerry B. Cameron, who plans to retire at the end of 1998. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Acquisition of Business & Professional Bank". PR Newswire (Press release). May 1, 1997. 
^ Hansell, Saul (March 21, 1997). "First Bank System to Buy U.S. Bancorp of Oregon". New York Times. 
^ "First Bank System to buy U.S. Bancorp: Minneapolis-based...". Chicago Tribune. March 20, 1997. 
^ "First Bank Strikes Deal To Acquire U.S. Bancorp $9 Billion Deal Will Create 14th-Largest Bank In America". The Spokesman-Review. March 21, 1997. 
^ DePass, Dee (August 2, 1997). "It's a done deal: First Bank System acquires U.S. Bancorp - and its name - Analysts are waiting to see whether new combined company will make planned $340 million in expense cuts by next year". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 02D. (Subscription required (help)). First Bank System closed on its acquisition of Portland, Ore.-based U.S. Bancorp. Friday and changed its name to U.S. Bancorp. The new combined company will be headquartered in Minneapolis. The deal creates a robust financial institution operating in 17 states with $72 billion in assets and a market capitalization of $22 billion. It becomes the 14th-largest bank holding company in the country based on assets, and the 10th-largest based on market capitalization. Effective Monday, the ticker symbol will change to USB and the stock will trade on the New York Stock Exchange. "While this is a defining moment in the history of First Bank System as a bank holding company, it will be business as usual for customers at all our bank branches for the immediate future," said John F. Grundhofer, who will serve as president and chief executive officer of the new U.S. Bancorp. 
^ Ota, Alan K. (August 2, 1997). "U.S. Bank Workers Leave for Good". The Oregonian. p. E01. (Subscription required (help)). Connie Rosenberg pushed out the revolving door Friday afternoon and took her first step into life after U.S. Bancorp. Rosenberg, a bank auditor, was one of several hundred Portland workers laid off Friday, hours after Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc. completed its $9.9 billion stock-swap takeover of the old U.S. Bancorp. Both companies won approval from stockholders Thursday to merge. The combined company wasted no time launching a reorganization that will eliminate 4,000 jobs in 18 months. More than half the cuts will be in the Portland area... First Bank System Inc. of Minneapolis adopted the U.S. Bancorp name Friday. The new U.S. Bancorp began its first day of business assuring customers that they would see no changes in their customer accounts for a while. The company plans to merge operations slowly in the next 18 months. The stock of the new company will trade on the New York Stock Exchange with a new symbol, USB. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire Zappco, Inc.: Acquisition Creates Largest Banking Presence in St. Cloud Area". PR Newswire (Press release). September 15, 1997. 
^ DePass, Dee (December 16, 1997). "U.S. Bancorp finishes its acquisition of Zappco of St. Cloud". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 03D. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said Friday that it has completed its acquisition of St. Cloud-based Zappco, a bank holding company with three banks, six branches and $360 million in assets. Terms were not disclosed. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp To Buy Clark County Bank". The Spokesman-Review. March 14, 1998. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp acquires Washington holding company". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. March 13, 1998. 
^ "Northwest Bank Buyout Deal Gets A Federal Go-Ahead". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. October 10, 1998. p. B3. (Subscription required (help)). The Justice Department approved U.S. Bancorp's acquisition of Vancouver, Wash.-based Northwest Bancshares Inc. yesterday after U.S. Bancorp agreed to sell a branch in Clark County. 
^ Anderson, Julia (December 16, 1998). "Bank Sale Officially Complete". The Columbian. p. C1. (Subscription required (help)). It's official. Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp now owns Northwest National Bank of Vancouver. The sale has been pending since March when Northwest Bank shareholders approved the sale. The deal's closing was announced Tuesday, a few days after U.S. Bank agreed to sell Northwest's Hazel Dell branch to Centennial Bank of Eugene. That sale was required by the U.S. Justice Department to comply with anti-trust regulations. With that out of the way, the larger sale could go forward. 
^ Huber, Tim (December 24, 1998). "Cameron to Step Down at Bancorp". St. Paul Pioneer Press. p. 3B. (Subscription required (help)). Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp said Wednesday that chairman Gerry Cameron would retire at the end of the year as planned. He will be succeeded by U.S. Bancorp president and chief executive John Grundhofer. Cameron was chief executive of Portland, Ore.-based U.S. Bancorp when it was acquired for $9 billion by Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc. First Bank assumed the U.S. Bancorp name when the deal closed in March. Cameron became chairman of the merged company. The move is not a surprise. Cameron had said he would retire when the First Bank-U.S. Bancorp merger was announced in March 1997. 
^ DePass, Dee (December 29, 1998). "Grundhofer gains title as U.S. Bancorp chair retires - Cameron steps down after 40-year career". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp Chairman Gerry Cameron will retire effective Thursday, ending a banking career that spanned four decades. Cameron in 1997 had announced his intention to retire by the end of this year, so the move is no surprise. But it does further cement the passing of control at the old U.S. Bancorp, where Cameron was the CEO and president before the August 1997 sale of the Portland-based bank to Minneapolis-based First Bank System. After the deal closed, First Bank took the U.S. Bancorp name. Cameron's departure gives John (Jack) Grundhofer the title of chairman in addition to chief executive and president. Cameron remained out West after the acquisition, which caused many analysts to believe he had effectively given up control of the company long before his official Dec. 31 retirement. 
^ DePass, Dee (February 19, 1999). "U.S. Bancorp to buy San Diego bank firm - Stock purchase is valued at nearly $314 million". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). It wasn't the mega merger some bank analysts expected, but U.S. Bancorp pulled its own coup Thursday in announcing that it will buy San Diego-based Bank of Commerce in a stock deal valued near $314 million. Pending regulatory and shareholder approval, the purchase should close by June. Bank of Commerce, with 10 branches, boasts $638 million in assets and is the largest Small Business Administration (SBA) lender in California and one of the largest in the nation. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Plans to Buy San Diego Bank". Los Angeles Times. February 19, 1999. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Adding Bank Of Commerce In Stock Deal". New York Times. February 20, 1999. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp acquires Bank of Commerce". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. July 19, 1999. 
^ Cahill, Joseph B. (May 20, 1999). "U.S. Bancorp Agrees, for $904 Million In Stock, to Acquire Western Bancorp". Wall Street Journal. p. A8. ISSN 0099-9660. (Subscription required (help)).  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Buy Southern California Banks". New York Times. May 20, 1999. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Western Bancorp Buy". Los Angeles Times. November 17, 1999. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Acquisition of Western Bancorp". PR Newswire (Press release). November 16, 1999. 
^ DePass, Dee (July 22, 1999). "Heasley named to No. 2 job at USB - Zona and Sznewajs plan to leave bank". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). Philip Heasley has been named president and given the new title of chief operating officer at U.S. Bancorp, making him the likeliest successor to CEO John (Jack) Grundhofer... Industry speculation immediately centered on talk that the 49-year-old Heasley, a former Citibanker and USB's chief technology architect, had been selected over Zona, 54, a 10-year veteran who has run middle market and commercial operations, for the No. 2 position... The three men formed the management trio that transformed the small First Bank, near insolvency a decade ago, into U.S. Bancorp, the 13th-largest bank in the nation with $77 billion in assets. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Names Heasley President and Chief Operating Officer". PR Newswire (Press release). July 21, 1999. 
^ Allison, Melissa (November 8, 2000). "Bank One's First USA Rescuer To Retire: Credit Card Industry Vet Hired To Run Unit". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Is Acquiring Peninsula Bank Of San Diego". New York Times. September 3, 1999. 
^ "California : Southland Focus : San Diego's Peninsula Bank Is Sold". Los Angeles Times. September 3, 1999. 
^ DePass, Dee (September 3, 1999). "U.S. Bancorp to buy San Diego bank, its 3rd of year in Southern California - Purchase will cost $104 million in stock". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 03D. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said Thursday it will buy Peninsula Bank of San Diego for about $104 million in stock, USB's third bank deal in Southern California this year. 
^ Calbreath, Dean (September 3, 1999). "USB adds Peninsula Bank to its roster - Buyout will be stock deal valued at $104 million". San Diego Union Tribune. pp. C–1. (Subscription required (help)). n its third Southern California purchase this year, Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp has launched a $104 million buyout of San Diego's Peninsula Bank. 
^ Bigelow, Bruce V. (January 7, 2000). "Peninsula Bank shareholders move to block merger". San Diego Union Tribune. pp. C–1. (Subscription required (help)). A group of shareholders in Peninsula Bank of San Diego has moved to thwart Peninsula's merger with U.S. Bancorp, arguing the $100 million deal was "materially altered" when U.S. Bancorp cut its earnings estimate... Peninsula said last September that the bank had agreed to a buyout proposal submitted by Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp, the nation's No. 12 bank. The deal was valued then at approximately $100 million to $120 million. But the lawsuit is focused on a subsequent announcement issued Dec. 6, when U.S. Bancorp said lower-than-expected revenue and increased investments had reduced earnings expectations for the fourth quarter and the rest of 2000. The news sent shares of U.S. Bancorp plummeting by more than 27 percent that day, erasing more than $7 billion of market value. Before U.S. Bancorp's disclosure, the Minnesota bank had an estimated 12 percent rate in its earnings growth. The actual rate is now closer to 5 percent, Robbins said. 
^ "Business Briefing: U.S. Bancorp completes acquisition". San Diego Union Tribune. January 19, 2000. pp. C–2. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp of Minneapolis said yesterday it completed its acquisition of Peninsula Bank of San Diego. Based on the closing price of U.S. Bancorp shares Friday, Peninsula holders received $35.70 in U.S. Bancorp's shares for each Peninsula share held. Peninsula plans to convert its operations into U.S. Bank's systems, products and services in July. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire Scripps Financial Corporation of San Diego". PR Newswire (Press release). June 27, 2000. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Acquisition of Scripps Financial Corporation; Addition of Scripps Branches Complements U.S. Bank's California Presence". PR Newswire (Press release). October 13, 2000. 
^ Atlas, Riva D. (October 5, 2000). "U.S. Bancorp to Be Acquired By Firstar for $21 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Firstar Corporation and U.S. Bancorp Merge, Creating $160 Billion High-Growth Financial Services Company: $21.2 Billion Share Exchange Will Provide Immediate EPS Accretion". PR Newswire (Press release). October 4, 2000. 
^ a b Sanders, Edmund (October 5, 2000). "U.S. Bancorp to Be Sold to Firstar: Banking: Grundhofer brothers' $19-billion merger would create the nation's eighth-largest bank.". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "Firstar Corporation and U.S. Bancorp Complete Merger" (Press release). U.S. Bancorp. 2001-02-27. Archived from the original on 2001-12-04. 
^ DePass, Dee (February 27, 2001). "USB, Firstar make it official - Many Firstar executives moving to the Minneapolis headquarters". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). Firstar Corp. completes its $22 billion acquisition of U.S. Bancorp today, creating the nation's eighth-largest bank and triggering a move by a number of Firstar executives from Milwaukee to Minnesota. The influx of more than a dozen top Firstar personnel is expected to take place over the next few months. The headquarters of the combined bank will be in Minneapolis and the combined firm will keep the U.S. Bancorp name. Firstar CEO Jerry Grundhofer becomes CEO of the new, $160 billion U.S. Bancorp. Grundhofer, who replaces his older brother, Jack, in the role of USB CEO, reportedly already has located property in the Twin Cities and expects to move here by the fall. Jack Grundhofer becomes chairman of the combined organization. He will retire next year... The bank will be based in Minneapolis, retain the U.S. Bancorp name and span 24 states with nearly 2,200 branches. The bank will have $107 billion in deposits and 51,000 employees. (Firstar had 23,000, USB 28,000.) The combined bank plans to cut $266 million in expenses over three years, but few layoffs are planned because there was little geographic overlap between the banks. The New CEO will be former Firstar CEO Jerry Grundhofer. Former USB CEO John Grundhofer will be the chairman and retire in 2002. 
^ "Justice Department requires Firstar Corporation and U.S. Bancorp Inc. to sell branch offices in Minnesota and Iowa" (Press release). U.S. Department of Justice. February 5, 2001. 
^ "Bremer buys Firstar branches; move clears merger path". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. January 31, 2001. 
^ DePass, Dee (February 1, 2001). "Firstar to sell 11 branches to Bremer Bank". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). Milwaukee-based Firstar Corp. will sell 11 of its branches to Bremer Bank in St. Paul to comply with market-share rules governing its pending purchase of U.S. Bancorp. The branches are all in the Twin Cities and represent $760 million in deposits, about one-third of Firstar's current Minnesota franchise. The combined U.S. Bancorp-Firstar will have 90 branches in the Twin Cities after the divestiture, scheduled to take place in June. 
^ "Firstar sells two Iowa branches". Cincinnati Business Journal. February 6, 2001. 
^ Shim,, Grace (February 6, 2001). "Two Bluffs Bank Branches to Be Sold". Omaha World-Herald. p. 14. (Subscription required (help)). Two Firstar bank branches in Council Bluffs will be sold to West Des Moines, Iowa - based Liberty Bank FSB as part of the merger of Firstar Corp. and U.S. Bancorp. The Tuesday morning announcement was made within a day of Justice Department approval of the $21.2 billion merger that would create the nation's eighth largest bank, which is to carry the U.S. Bancorp name. 
^ "Hawaii-Based Bank to Sell Calif. Branches". Los Angeles Times. April 24, 2001. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire 20 Pacific Century Bank Branches in California". PR Newswire (Press release). June 5, 2001. 
^ "U.S. Bank Completes Acquisition of 20 Pacific Century Bank Branches In California". PR Newswire (Press release). September 10, 2001. 
^ "U.S. Bank completes buy of Pacific Century Bank branches". Pacific Business News. September 10, 2001. 
^ Calvey, Mark (July 22, 2002). "Bay View liquidates, sells assets to U.S. Bank, Wamu". San Francisco Business Times. 
^ "U.S. Bank Agrees to Purchase Bay View Bank Retail Branches". PR Newswire (Press release). July 22, 2002. 
^ "Bay View Capital Closes Sale of Branches to U.S. Bank". PR Newswire (Press release). November 1, 2002. 
^ "Jerry Grundhofer named chairman of U.S. Bancorp". Milwaukee Business Journal. December 18, 2002. 
^ "U.S. Bank to Acquire National City's Corporate Trust Bond Administration Business". Business Wire (Press release). May 25, 2004. 
^ "U.S. Bank buys National City trust division". Columbus Business First. May 25, 2004. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Promotes Richard Davis to President and Chief Operating Officer". Business Wire (Press release). October 19, 2004. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp names Richard Davis COO". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. October 19, 2004. 
^ McKinney, Jeff (July 2, 1998). "Star Banc's acquisition to cost city another HQ". Cincinnati Enquirer. 
^ Vomhof, John, Jr. (November 29, 2005). "U.S. Bank to acquire Wachovia units for $720M". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bank to Acquire the Municipal and Corporate Bond Trustee Business from SunTrust". Business Wire (Press release). July 25, 2006. 
^ Wilbert, Lauren (June 1, 2006). "U.S. Bancorp set to buy Vail Banks". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Purchase of Vail Banks, Inc.". Business Wire (Press release). September 1, 2006. 
^ "U.S. Bank to Acquire the Municipal Trustee Business from LaSalle Bank". Business Wire (Press release). November 10, 2006. 
^ LeBeau, Steve (November 10, 2006). "U.S. Bancorp to buy LaSalles's trustee business". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to buy United Financial". St. Louis Business Journal. November 7, 2006. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Acquisition of United Financial Corp.". Business Wire (Press release). February 6, 2007. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Announces Davis to Succeed Grundhofer as CEO in December 2006; Grundhofer to Remain Chairman Until December 2007". Business Wire (Press release). July 18, 2006. 
^ Nicole Garrison-Sprenger (July 18, 2006). "U.S. Bancorp CEO Grundhofer to retire". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ Garrison-Sprenger, Nicole (December 13, 2006). "Davis takes helm at U.S. Bancorp". St. Paul Pioneer Press. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Elects Richard Davis as Chairman and Announces Common Stock Dividend Increase". Business Wire (Press release). December 11, 2007. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires Mellon 1st Business Bank in Los Angeles/Orange County: U.S. Bancorp Vice Chairman Joseph Otting to Relocate to California". Business Wire (Press release). March 28, 2008. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Closes Deal for Mellon Unit". New York Times. June 3, 2008. 
^ UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY INITIAL SECTION 105(a) TROUBLED ASSET RELIEF PROGRAM REPORT TO CONGRESS FOR THE PERIOD OF OCTOBER 6, 2008 TO NOVEMBER 30, 2008 (PDF) (Report). Office of Financial Stability. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires Downey Savings & Loan and PFF Bank & Trust Through an FDIC Facilitated Transaction" (Press release). Business Wire. November 21, 2008. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires Deposits of First Bank of Idaho Through an FDIC-Facilitated Transaction". Business Wire (Press release). April 24, 2009. 
^ "US Bancorp takes over First Bank of the Tetons". The Oregonian. April 26, 2009. 
^ Serres, Chris (June 17, 2009). "U.S. Bancorp repays TARP bailout funds to Treasury". Star Tribune. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp (USB) Fund Services Acquires Mutual Fund Administration and Accounting Service Division of Fiduciary Management". Street Insider. October 5, 2009. 
^ Daykin, Tom (October 5, 2009). "U.S. Bancorp buys Fiduciary Management unit". Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. 
^ Temple-West, Patrick (October 14, 2009). "U.S. Bank Bulks Up By Buying First Citizens' Bond Trustee Unit". Bond Buyer. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ "U.S. Bank to Acquire the Bond Trustee Business from First Citizens Bank". Business Wire (Press release). October 7, 2009. 
^ a b "U.S. Bank Acquires FBOP Corporation’s Banking Subsidiaries Through an FDIC Facilitated Transaction" (Press release). Business Wire. October 30, 2009. 
^ "Prosperity Bank(R) Completes Acquisition of Texas Branches of U.S. Bank" (Press release). PRNewswire. March 29, 2010. 
^ Craver, Richard (October 15, 2009). "Texas is far enough west for BB&T Inc.: It's selling Nevada branches it bought two months ago". Winston-Salem Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bank Completes Purchase of Nevada Banking Operations from BB&T Corporation" (Press release). Business Wire. January 19, 2010. 
^ Marek, Lynne (July 29, 2010). "Nuveen Investments acquires U.S. Bancorp unit". Crain's Chicago Business. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to sell stock, bond funds to Nuveen". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. July 29, 2010. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires First Community Bank Through an FDIC Facilitated Transaction" (Press release). Business Wire. January 28, 2011. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires Banking Operations of BankEast Corporation of Tennessee Through an FDIC-Facilitated Transaction" (Press release). Business Wire. January 27, 2012. 
^ Bjorhus, Jennifer (March 19, 2013). "U.S. Bank to buy Deutsche Bank's U.S. municipal bond trustee business: The deal with Deutsche Bank will add about $57 billion to the $3 trillion in corporate trust assets U.S. Bank administers.". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. 
^ Henderson, Tom (January 7, 2014). "U.S. Bancorp buys Charter One branches in Chicago area". Crains Detroit Business. 
^ a b Yerak, Becky (June 23, 2014). "Former Charter One branches open as U.S. Bank". Chicago Tribune. 
^ Daniel, Steve (April 29, 2014). "U.S. Bank closing 13 branches in Charter One buyout". Crain's Chicago Business. 
^ Hammerand, Jim (January 20, 2015). "U.S. Bank promotes CFO Andy Cecere to COO; Is CEO job next?". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Promotes Andrew Cecere to President". Business Wire (Press release). January 19, 2016. 
^ "U.S. Bank CEO Richard Davis stepping down; St. Paul-reared COO taking over". St. Paul Pioneer Press. January 17, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to U.S. Bancorp.



Official website



Business data for U.S. Bancorp: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



Yahoo! - U.S. Bancorp Company Profile
Map of Locations







v
t
e


U.S. Bancorp



Divisions



U.S. Bank
Elavon
MoneyPass
Syncada





Historical components



Bay View Bank
Cal National Bank
EurekaBank
FBOP Corporation
Firstar Corporation
First Bank System
Marquette Bank Minneapolis
Mercantile Bancorporation
Star Banc Corporation





Buildings



U.S. Bank Center (Phoenix)
US Bank Plaza (Sacramento)
US Bank Tower (Los Angeles)
U.S. Bank Tower (Denver)
US Bank Plaza (Boise)
US Bank Building (Davenport, Iowa)
US Bancorp Center
US Bank Plaza (Minneapolis)
US Bank Centre








 '
 Commons












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul












v
t
e


Companies formerly based in Oregon



Moved out of state



Georgia Pacific
Integra Telecom (2014)
JELD-WEN (2015)
Louisiana Pacific
Banfield





Acquired by out-of-state entities



Camera World (2002)
Cascade Microtech (2016)
Fred Meyer
Freightliner
Harry & David (2014)
J. K. Gill
LaCrosse Footwear (2012)
MathStar (2010)
McCormick & Schmick's (2012)
Meier & Frank
Mentor Graphics
Merix (2010)
Oregon Steel Mills
Planar Systems (2015)
Sawyer's (1966)
Sequent Computer Systems
StanCorp Financial (2016)
Tektronix (2007)
U.S. Bancorp
West Coast Bank (2012)
Willamette Industries (2002)





Defunct or out of business



Consolidated Freightways
Emporium (2003)
Evergreen International Aviation
Floating Point Systems
G.I. Joe's (2009)
Hollywood Video (2010)
Sprouse-Reitz (1994)
White Stag Manufacturing










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=U.S._Bancorp&oldid=791877236"					
Categories: U.S. BancorpBanks based in MinnesotaCompanies based in MinneapolisBanks established in 18901890 establishments in MinnesotaCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from July 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


БългарскиDeutschفارسیFrançaisGalegoBahasa IndonesiaРусский 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 01:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









U.S. Bancorp - Wikipedia





















 






U.S. Bancorp

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from USBancorp)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"US Bank" redirects here. For other uses, see Bank of the United States.

U.S. Bancorp





Trading name

U.S. Bank



Type

Public company


Traded as
NYSE: USB
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Banking, Financial services


Founded
September 9, 1968; 48 years ago (1968-09-09)


Headquarters
Minneapolis, Minnesota



Number of locations

3,106 branches and 4,842 ATMs[1]



Key people




Andrew Cecere, President & CEO
Terry Dolan, Vice Chair & CFO
P.W. Parker, Chief Risk Officer
Mark G. Runkel, Chief Credit Officer
Richard K. Davis, Executive Chair


[2]


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis
Private equity


Revenue
 US$21.494 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$8.105 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$5.944 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$445.964 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$47.933 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

71,191 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries



Elan Financial Services
Elavon
Syncada





Capital ratio
9.1%[1] Tier 1 (12/2016)


Rating
Long Term Senior Debt
Moody's: A1 (10/2016)
S&P: A+ (10/2016)
Fitch: AA (10/2016)
DBRS: AA (10/2016)


Website
www.usbank.com


U.S. Bancorp is a bank holding company based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It is the parent company of U.S. Bank, National Association, known as U.S. Bank, which is ranked 7th on the list of largest banks in the United States. The company provides banking, investment, mortgage, trust, and payment services products to individuals, businesses, governmental entities, and other financial institutions. It has 3,106 branches and 4,842 ATMs, primarily in the Midwestern United States.[1] The company also owns Elavon, a processor of credit card transactions.[1]
U.S. Bancorp operates under the second-oldest continuous national charter, originally Charter #24, granted in 1863 following the passage of the National Bank Act. Earlier charters have expired as banks were closed or acquired, raising U.S. Bank's charter number from #24 to #2. The oldest national charter, originally granted to the First National Bank of Philadelphia, is held by Wells Fargo, which it obtained upon its merger with Wachovia.[3]



Contents


1 History

1.1 U.S. Bancorp of Oregon era
1.2 First Bank System era

1.2.1 U.S. Bancorp after takeover by First Bank System


1.3 Firstar era

1.3.1 Brief history of Firstar prior to acquisition
1.3.2 U.S. Bancorp after takeover by Firstar




2 Namesake buildings
3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]




One US Bank Plaza in downtown St. Louis, Missouri






The US Bank tower in downtown Denver, Colorado






US Bank tower in Salt Lake City, Utah






US Bank Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin






US Bank Building in Sheboygan, Wisconsin






U.S. Bancorp footprint






United States National Bank of Portland, Oregon






Downtown Minneapolis; U.S. Bancorp Center is the second unobstructed tower from the left.






US Bank in Hudson, Ohio






The US Bank Tower in downtown Los Angeles, California


The U.S. Bank name first appeared as United States National Bank of Portland, established in Portland, Oregon, in 1891.[4] It changed its name to the United States National Bank of Oregon in 1964.[4] In 1902, it merged with Ainsworth National Bank of Portland, but kept the U.S. National Bank name.[4] The decision turned out to be advantageous for the bank, as a 1913 federal law prohibited other banks from using “United States” in their names from that time forward.[citation needed] U.S. National was among the first banks to form a bank holding company — called U.S. Bancorp, on September 9, 1968.[citation needed]
The central part of the franchise dates from 1864, with the formation of First National Bank of Minneapolis.[4] In 1929, that bank merged with First National Bank of St. Paul (also formed in 1864) and several smaller Upper Midwest banks to form the First Bank Stock Corporation, which changed its name to First Bank System in 1968.[4]
In the eastern part of the franchise, Farmers and Millers Bank in Milwaukee opened its doors in 1853, growing into the First National Bank of Milwaukee and eventually becoming First Wisconsin and ultimately Firstar Corporation.[4] In Cincinnati, First National Bank of Cincinnati opened for business in 1863 under National Charter #24—the charter that U.S. Bancorp still operates under today, and one of the oldest active national bank charters in the nation.[4] Despite having started up in the midst of the Civil War, First National Bank of Cincinnati went on to survive many decades to grow into Star Bank.[4]
U.S. Bancorp of Oregon era[edit]
U.S. Bancorp of Oregon officially became a banking holding company for the U.S. National Bank of Oregon in January 1969[5] after receiving authorization from its bank directors on September 9, 1968[6] and subsequently receiving legal approval to proceed from the Comptroller of the Currency on November 28, 1968.[7] LeRoy B. Staver, president and chief executive officer of the bank, was quickly appointed chairman and chief executive officer for the new holding company while Robert B. Wilson was appointed president of the holding company and also executive vice president for the bank.[8] Wilson later resign as president in December 1972[9] and his position was filled eight months later by John A. Elornaga.[10]
After a long period of service, Staver finally retired in October 1974 and was succeeded by John Elorriaga who was promoted to chairman and chief executive officer while Carl May was named president in Elorriaga's place.[11]
A major change in the organization of leadership in U.S. Bancorp of Oregon occurred in August 1983. Although Elorriaga remained as chairman and chief executive officer for the firm, May was appointed to the new position of executive assistant to the chairman while Edmund P. Jensen was appointed president as replacement to May, and Roger L. Breezley was appointed to the new post of chief operating officer.[12]
In December 1986, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Forest Grove, Oregon-based Valley National Corporation (not to be confused with Phoenix, Arizona-based company of the same name) with its five-branch Valley National Bank of Forest Grove subsidiary for $13.7 million in stock.[13]
U.S. Bancorp of Oregon made its first acquisition outside the state of Oregon by announcing in December 1986 the pending acquisition of the Spokane, Washington-based Old National Bancorp with its Old National Bank of Washington and First National Bank of Spokane subsidiaries for $174 million.[14][15] The acquisition was completed in July 1987 on the first day that the state of Washington had allowed bank acquisitions by out-of-state companies.[16]
In December 1986, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Camas, Washington-based Heritage Bank for $2.8 million.[17][18]
In May 1987, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Seattle, Washington-based Peoples Bancorp with its Peoples National Bank subsidiary for $275 million in stock.[19][20] The acquisition was completed in December 1987.[21] After the acquisition, Peoples and Old National were combined to form U.S. Bank of Washington.
John Elorriaga retired as chairman of the board and chief executive officer in November 1987 and was replaced by Roger L. Breezley while Jensen continues as president.[22][23]
In December 1987, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Bellingham, Washington-based Mt Baker Bank for $25 million.[24]
U.S. Bancorp of Oregon entered the state of California by announcing in April 1988 the pending acquisition of the Eureka, California-based Bank of Loleta with seven branch offices in Humboldt and Del Norte counties for $15.3 million in cash.[25] The acquisition was completed in December 1988 and was renamed U.S. Bank of California.[26]
In April 1988, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Bellingham, Washington-based Northwestern Commercial Bank for $15.5 million.[27] The acquisition was completed in November 1988.[28]
In July 1988, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Auburn, Washington-based Western Independent Bancshares with its Auburn Valley Bank subsidiary for $4.25 million in cash.[29]
In October 1989, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Sacramento, California-based Mother Lode Savings Bank with three branch offices for $5.3 million.[30] The acquisition was completed in August 1990.[31] This acquisition was one of the first of a thrift by a commercial bank in the nation since legislation permitting such takeovers went into effect.
During the late 1980s, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon made several attempts to enter the state of Idaho by the acquisition of an existing Idaho-based bank, the only method then allowed under Idaho law, but failed when the price got too high.[32] In March 1990, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced that they would established a bank through a loophole in Federal banking law that allow the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency to allow the relocation of bank headquarters within 30 miles of their present location without regards to state boundaries and state regulations.[33] So U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced that they plan to transfer the existing branches of the First National Bank of Spokane to the U.S. Bancorp of Washington and then ask permission from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency to move the headquarters of First National from Spokane, Washington, to Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. After receiving Federal approval, First National was finally moved in February 1992 and renamed U.S. Bank of Idaho.[34]
In July 1990, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Auburn, California-based HeartFed Financial Corporation with its Heart Federal Savings and Loan subsidiary for $107.8 million in stock.[35] At the time of the announcement, Heart Federal Savings had 29 branch offices in northern California. The acquisition was completed in March 1991 for $118 million.[36]
In November 1991, Edmund P. Jensen was given the post of chief operating officer in addition to his duties as president, making him a possible successor to Breezley.[37]
In February 1992, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the 20 branch offices in Northern California and 29 branch offices in Nevada for $70 million that were being divested by Bankamerica Corporation as a result of Bank of America's impending acquisition of Security Pacific Corporation.[38][39][40] This acquisition gave U.S. Bancorp of Oregon its first presence in the state of Nevada.
Another major change in the organization of leadership in U.S. Bancorp of Oregon occurred in January 1993. While retaining his position as chief operating officer, Edmund P. Jensen was appointed vice chairman while giving his position of president to Kevin R. Kelly. At the same time, Gerry B. Cameron was appointed vice chairman.[41] Ten months later, Jensen resigned to become president of Visa International.[42] In January 1994, Gerry Cameron was first appointed chief operating officer as a replacement to Jensen[43] and later appointed chief executive officer just three weeks later.[44] Kelly submitted his resignation as president in March 1994[45] and Breezley finally gave up the chairmanship to Cameron in April 1994.[46][47]
In May 1995, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Boise, Idaho-based West One Bancorp for $1.8 billion.[48][49] At the time of the announcement, West One had branch offices in Idaho, Oregon, Washington, and Utah while U.S. Bancorp of Oregon had branch offices in Oregon, Washington, California, Idaho, and Nevada. The acquisition was completed in December 1995 and gave U.S. Bancorp of Oregon its first entry into the state of Utah.[50] As part of the acquisition deal, West One's chairman and chief executive Daniel R. Nelson would become the chief operating officer and president of U.S. Bancorp and he would later be Cameron's successor as chairman and CEO upon Cameron's planned retirement in three years. Since both U.S. Bancorp and West One had overlapping territories in Oregon and Washington, the U.S. Justice Department would only allow the acquisition to proceed if U.S. Bancorp would sell off 27 branch offices in Washington and Oregon.[51] As a result of the regulatory ruling, U.S. Bancorp sold 25 branch offices in Oregon, four in central Washington and one in Idaho to First Hawaiian Bank for $38 million in cash.[52][53]
In February 1996, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the San Ramon, California-based California Bancshares for $309 million in stock.[54] California Bancshares had a total of 38 branches in the East San Francisco Bay Area in nine separate banks that included Alameda First National, Community First National, Modesto Banking Co., Commercial Bank of Fremont, Lamorinda National Bank, Bank of San Ramon Valley, Westside Bank, Concord Commercial Bank and Bank of Milipitas. The acquisition was completed in June 1996.[55]
In September 1996, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the St. George, Utah-based Sun Capital Bancorp with its three-branch office Sun Capital Bank subsidiary for $15.5 million.[56] The acquisition was completed in January 1997.[57]
In December 1996, Daniel R. Nelson, president and chief operating officer of U.S. Bancorp of Oregon, unexpectedly announced his early retirement effective on New Year’s Day 1997. Nelson was originally in line to be Gerry B. Cameron's successor as chairman and chief executive upon the Cameron's planned retirement on New Year's Day 1999.[58]
In December 1996, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon announced the pending acquisition of the Sacramento, California-based Business & Professional Bank for $35 million in cash.[59] The acquisition was completed in May 1997.[60]
First Bank System era[edit]




First Bank System used this logo from 1979. It incorporates the silhouette of the number one.


In March 1997, the Minneapolis, Minnesota-based First Bank System announced the pending acquisition of the Portland, Oregon-based U.S. Bancorp of Oregon for $9 billion in stock.[61][62][63] At the time of the announcement, U.S. Bancorp of Oregon had banking offices in Oregon, Washington, California, Idaho and Utah while First Bank System had banking offices in Minnesota, Colorado, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, Kansas, and Wyoming. Under the terms of the acquisition, First Bank System would be renamed U.S. Bancorp with the headquarters for the newly combined company being at First Bank's existing headquarters in Minneapolis. John F. Grundhofer, chairman and chief executive of First Bank, was appointed president and chief executive of the new company while Gerry B. Cameron, chairman and chief executive of U.S. Bancorp of Oregon, was appointed chairman of the new company, which he held until his retirement in 1998. The acquisition was completed in August 1997.[64] Approximately 4000 jobs were eliminated, mostly in Portland.[65]
U.S. Bancorp after takeover by First Bank System[edit]
In September 1997, the new U.S. Bancorp, formerly First Bank System, announced the pending acquisition of the St. Cloud, Minnesota-based Zappco, Inc. with its three banks and six banking locations for an disclosed amount.[66] At the time of the announcement, U.S. Bancorp had more than 1,000 banking offices in the states of Minnesota, Oregon, Washington, Colorado, California, Idaho, Nebraska, North Dakota, Nevada, South Dakota, Montana, Iowa, Illinois, Utah, Wisconsin, Kansas, and Wyoming. The acquisition was completed in December 1997.[67]
In March 1998, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the Vancouver, Washington-based Northwest Bancshares with its 10-branch offices Northwest National Bank subsidiary for an undisclosed amount.[68][69] In October 1998, the U.S. Justice Department agreed to allow the acquisition to proceed on the condition that one of the Northwest National Bank branch offices was to be sold.[70] The acquisition was completed in December 1998 after U.S. Bancorp sold the request banking office to Centennial Bank of Eugene.[71]
At the end of 1998, Gerry Cameron retired as chairman and handed the position over to John Grundhofer who added the title of chairman to his other positions of president and chief executive officer.[72][73]
In February 1999, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the San Diego-based Bank of Commerce with its 10 branch offices for $314 million in stock.[74][75][76] The acquisition was finalized in July 1999.[77]
In May 1999, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the Newport Beach, California-based Western Bancorp with its Santa Monica Bank and Southern California Bank subidiaries and a total of 31 branch offices for $904 million in stock.[78][79] At the time of the announcement, U.S. Bancorp had 98 branch offices within California. The acquisition was finalized in November 1999 for $1.04 billion in stock.[80][81]
In July 1999, Philip G. Heasley was appointed president and chief operating officer of U.S. Bancorp. John Grundhofer had handed over the position of president to Heasley while still retaining the titles of chairman and chief executive officer.[82][83] Heasley had assisted Grundhofer in turning the company around from near insolvency when the company was originally known as First Bank until it became a successful financial institution that became large enough to be absorb other banks, including U.S. Bancorp of Oregon in 1997. Heasley resigned the following year to join Bank One as the head of their First USA credit card unit[84] around the same time Firstar was about to takeover U.S. Bancorp.
In September 1999, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the San Diego-based Peninsula Bank with its 11 branch offices for $104 million in stock.[85][86][87][88] In early January 2000, a group of Peninsula Bank stockholders tried to stop the merger because the initial merger agreement was made prior to the huge 27% single-day drop in the value of U.S. Bancorp stock which effectively lowered the purchase price.[89] The acquisition was later completed in January 2000 at a 10% reduction of the original price negotiated.[90]
In June 2000, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the San Diego-based Scripps Financial Corporation with its nine-branch office Scripps Bank subsidiary for $155 million in stock.[91] The acquisition was completed in October 2000.[92]
Firstar era[edit]
In October 2000, Firstar Corporation of Milwaukee, Wisconsin announced the pending acquisition of U.S. Bancorp of Minneapolis, Minnesota for $21 Billion in stock.[93][94][95] Firstar completed its buyout of U.S. Bancorp on February 27, 2001 and changed its name to U.S. Bancorp.[96] Under the merger agreement, Jerry Grundhofer, president and chief executive officer of Firstar, would continue in those positions in the combined company while his older brother, John Grundhofer, chairman, president and chief executive officer of U.S. Bancorp, would serve as chairman of the board in the combined company until his planned retirement on December 31, 2002.[95][97] Though some administrative functions would remain in Milwaukee and Cincinnati, it was decided that the new combined company would be based in Minneapolis and that the new company would use the U.S. Bancorp name.
To allow the merger to proceed, the U.S. Department of Justice required Firstar to sell 11 branch offices in the Minneapolis-area and 2 in Council Bluffs, Iowa.[98] Bremer Bank of Saint Paul, Minnesota purchased the 11 Minneapolis-area Firstar offices[99][100] while Liberty Bank of West Des Moines, Iowa purchased the 2 Council Bluffs offices.[101][102]
Brief history of Firstar prior to acquisition[edit]
Main article: Firstar Corporation
Although the origin of the Milwaukee-based Firstar Corporation can be traced back to the founding of the Farmer's and Millers Bank in Milwaukee in 1853 and the later formation of the First Wisconsin National Bank in 1919, the actual company that took over U.S. Bancorp in 2001 is the actually the same company and leadership that was responsible for the takeover of Firstar 27 months earlier in 1988, namely Star Banc Corporation. Jerry Grundhofer and his team from Star Banc were instrumental in both acquisitions. The stock and company histories for the current U.S. Bancorp is derive from that for the First National Cincinnati Corporation, a predecessor of Star Banc Corporation, and the First National Bank of Cincinnati that was founded in 1863.
U.S. Bancorp after takeover by Firstar[edit]
In April 2001, the new U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of all 20 branch offices in California of the Encino-based Pacific Century Bank from its Honolulu-based parent Pacific Century Financial Corporation.[103][104] The acquisition was completed in September 2001.[105][106]
In July 2002, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of all 57 retail banking branches of the San Mateo, California-based Bay View Bank from its Bay View Capital Corporation parent for $429 million.[107][108] The acquisition was completed in November 2002.[109]
On New Years Day 2003, John Grundhofer retired as chairman of U.S. Bancorp and handed the position to his younger brother Jerry Grundhofer, who added the title of chairman to his other positions of president and chief executive officer in the corporation.[110]
In May 2004, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $34 billion corporate trust bond administration business from National City Corporation.[111][112][113]
In October 2004, Richard K. Davis was appointed chief operating officer and president of U.S. Bancorp. Jerry Grundhofer had handed over the position of president to Davis while still retaining the titles of chairman and chief executive officer.[114] Davis had been a protege of Grundhofer since their days together at Star Banc Corporation and had assisted in the takeover of Firstar by Star Banc in 1998[115] and the later acquisition of U.S. Bancorp by Firstar in 2001.
In November 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $410 billion corporate trust and institutional custody businesses of Wachovia Corporation for $720 million in cash.[116]
In July 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $123 billion municipal and corporate bond trustee business from SunTrust.[117]
In June 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the Avon, Colorado-based Vail Banks Inc. with its WestStar Bank subsidiary and 23 locations for $98.6 million in cash.[118] The acquisition was completed in September 2006.[119]
In November 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $30 billion municipal bond trustee business from LaSalle Bank.[120][121]
In November 2006, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the Great Falls, Montana-based United Financial Corporation with its Heritage Bank subsidiary for $71 million in stock.[122] The acquisition was completed in February 2007 and nearly double the branch presence of U.S. Bank in Montana.[123]
In December 2006, Jerry Grundhofer handed over the position of chief executive officer to president Richard Davis while Grundhofer remained chairman until his retirement the following year in December 2007.[124][125][126] After Grundhofer retirement in December 2007, Davis added the position of chairman to his other titles of president and chief executive officer.[127]
In March 2008, the U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of the seven-office Los Angeles-based Mellon 1st Business Bank from the Bank of New York Mellon for an disclosed amount in cash.[128] The acquisition was completed in June 2008.[129]
On November 14, 2008, the U.S. Treasury invested $6,599,000,000 in preferred stock and warrants in the company via the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008.[130]
On November 21, 2008, the company acquired the failed Downey Savings & Loan Association and also the failed Pomona First Federal Bancorp in a transaction facilitated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for an disclosed amount.[131] Downey Savings had 170 branch offices in California and five branch offices in Arizona while PFF Bank had 38 branch offices in Southern California.
In April 2009, U.S. Bancorp acquired the assets and deposits of the failed Ketchum, Idaho-based First Bank of Idaho in a transaction facilitated by the FDIC.[132][133] First Bank of Idaho had seven offices in Idaho and Wyoming, some of which operated under the name First Bank of the Tetons.
On June 17, 2009, the company redeemed the $6.6 billion of preferred stock and on July 15, 2009, it completed the purchase of a warrant held by the U.S. Treasury Department. This effectively concluded U.S. Bancorp’s participation in the Capital Purchase Program. It was the first bank to repay the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds.[134]
On October 5, 2009, the company announced its acquisition of the $8 billion mutual fund administration and accounting servicing division of Fiduciary Management, Inc. for an undisclosed amount.[135][136]
On October 7, 2009, the company agreed to buy the bond trustee business of First Citizens Bank, a subsidiary of First Citizens BancShares Inc. for an undisclosed amount.[137][138]
On October 20, 2009, the company completed a transaction to purchase the failed FBOP Corporation's nine subsidiary banks from the FDIC for an disclosed amount. The banks included BankUSA, National Association with 2 offices in Arizona, Cal National Bank with 68 offices in California, Citizens National Bank with 1 office in Texas, Community Bank of Lemont with 1 office in Illinois, Madisonville State Bank with 1 office in Texas, North Houston Bank with 1 office in Texas, Pacific National Bank with 17 offices in California, Park National Bank with 31 offices in Illinois, and San Diego National Bank with 28 offices in California.[139]
Since the company did not have a previous presence in Texas nor want one in the near future, the company subsequently sold the three banks in Texas in 2010 to Houston-based Prosperity Bancshares for an disclosed amount.[140] Each of the banks had one office each.[139]
In October 2009, BB&T Corporation announced the pending sale of their Nevada banking operations to U.S. Bancorp for an disclosed amount. BB&T had just recently acquired the 21 offices in Nevada through a transaction facilitated by the FDIC for disposal of the assets and deposits of the failed Alabama-based Colonial BancGroup but BB&T had no desire to expand west of Texas while it wanted to keep the other Colonial former locations in the Southeastern United States.[141] The acquisition was completed in January 2010.[142]
In July 2010, U.S. Bancorp sold its FAF Advisors subsidiary to Nuveen Investments for $80 million and a 9.5% stake in Nuveen.[143][144]
In January 2011, U.S. Bancorp acquired the assets and deposits of the failed First Community Bank of New Mexico in a transaction facilitated by the FDIC for an asset discount of approximately $380 million.[145] The acquisition had included 35 offices in New Mexico and 3 offices in Arizona.
In January 2012, the company acquired the assets and deposits of the failed Knoxville, Tennessee-based BankEast in a transaction facilitated by the FDIC for an asset discount of approximately $67.5 million.[146] The acquisition had included 10 offices in the Knoxville area.
In March 2013, U.S. Bancorp announced that it was acquiring the $57 billion municipal bond trustee business from Deutsche Bank.[147]
In January 2014, U.S. Bancorp announced the pending acquisition of 94 branch offices of the Charter One Bank in Chicago from the RBS Citizens Financial Group for $315 million,[148] doubling its market share in Chicago.[149] 13 Charter One branches were closed due to their close proximity to existing U.S. Bank offices.[150] The acquisition was completed in June 2014.[149]
In January 2015, chief financial officer Andrew Cecere was promoted to chief operating officer.[151] A year later, Cecere was given the additional position of president.[152]
In January 2017, U.S. Bancorp announced that chairman and CEO Richard Davis was going to hand over his CEO position to president and COO Andrew Cecere in April 2017 while still remaining chairman of the corporation.[153]
Namesake buildings[edit]


US Bank Center in Phoenix, AZ
US Bank Plaza in Sacramento, CA
US Bank Tower in Sacramento, CA
One California in San Francisco, CA, sports the US Bank logo and houses bank offices
US Bank Tower in Los Angeles, CA, the tallest building west of the Mississippi River
US Bank Tower in Denver, CO
US Bank Plaza in Boise, ID
US Bank Building in Chicago, IL
US Bank Building in Davenport, IA
US Bank Building in Duluth, MN
US Bancorp Center in Minneapolis, MN
US Bank Plaza in Minneapolis, MN
U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, MN
US Bank Center in St. Paul, MN
One US Bank Plaza in St. Louis, MO
US Bank Building in Billings, MT
US Bank Tower in Lincoln, NE
US Bank Center in Las Vegas, NV
US Bank Arena in Cincinnati, OH
US Bank Tower in Cincinnati, OH
US Bank Centre in Cleveland, OH
US Bancorp Tower in Portland, OR
US Bank Building in Sioux Falls, SD
US Bank Centre in Seattle WA
US Bank Building in Spokane, WA
US Bank Building in La Crosse, WI
US Bank Center in Milwaukee, WI
US Bank Plaza in Madison, WI


See also[edit]


Minnesota portal
Companies portal



Official website
John F. Grundhofer

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g h i j U.S. Bancorp 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ U.S. Bancorp 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ "Wells Fargo: Guided By History". Wells Fargo. 
^ a b c d e f g h "U.S. Bank: A Rich Heritage". 
^ "U.S. Bancorporation Unit". Wall Street Journal. January 6, 1969. p. 6. U.S. National Bank of Oregon said it has become a subsidiary of its previously announced holding company, U.S. Bancorporation [sic].  Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. National, Oregon, Board Votes Reorganization Plan". Wall Street Journal. September 9, 1968. p. 13. (Subscription required (help)). Directors of U.S. National Bank of Oregon approved plans to make the bank the subsidiary of a new one-bank holding company, tentatively to be called U.S. Bancorp, U.S. National announced... The move, according to LeRoy B. Staver, would permit the bank to diversify within the financial field. He added that definite plans for acquisitions haven't been formulated yet.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "Two Major Banks Get Permission to Organize One-Unit Holding Firms: Currency Comptroller Approves Three Other Such Proposals, Putting Week's Total at Seven". Wall Street Journal. November 29, 1968. p. 6. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. National Bank of Portland, Ore., received permission to merge with Unit National Bank Of Oregon, currently organizing; the new institution would be owned by U.S. Bancorp. U.S. National has deposits of $1.16 billion and operates 110 offices. American Fletcher National Bank & Trust Co., Indianapolis, with deposits of $594 million and 41 branches, was given approval to merge with Marion County National Bank, currently organizing. American Fletcher is owned by American Fletcher Corp.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "Robert B. Wilson Is Named President of U.S. Bancorp". Wall Street Journal. February 25, 1969. p. 16. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said Robert B. Wilson, a Portland businessman, has been named president of the one-bank holding company and executive vice president of its subsidiary, U.S. National Bank of Oregon. Mr. Wilson, 53 years old, replaces LeRoy B. Staver, 60, who becomes chairman of the holding company, a position previously unfilled. In addition, Mr. Staver will remain president of the bank and chief executive officer of both the bank and the holding company.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "Dividend News: U.S. Bancorp Increases Payout, Proposes Split; Wilson Quits Presidency". Wall Street Journal. December 26, 1972. p. 13. (Subscription required (help)).  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp Appoints John Elorriaga President". Wall Street Journal. August 28, 1973. p. 20. (Subscription required (help)). John A. Elorriaga was elected president and chief administrative officer of U.S. Bancorp., a bank holding company. Mr. Elorriaga also will continue as president and chief administrative officer of U.S. National Bank of Oregon, principal subsidlary of U.S. Bancorp.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "At the Top: U.S. Bancorp elected a new president and a new chairman.". Los Angeles Times. October 29, 1974. p. d9. (Subscription required (help)). Carl May was named president, succeeding John A. Elorriaga who was promoted to chairman and chief executive officer of the Portland, Ore., firm. Elorriaga succeeds LeRoy B. Staver, who is retiring. U.S. Bancorp., holding company of U.S. National Bank of Oregon, had total assets of $2.725 billion last year.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp". Wall Street Journal. August 30, 1983. p. 34. (Subscription required (help)). Roger L. Breezley, 45-year-old vice chairman of this bank-holding company, was named to the additional new post of chief operating officer. Carl W. Mays Jr., 58, was named to the new position of executive assistant to the chairman. Edmund P. Jensen, 45, formerly executive vice president, was named president, succeeding Mr. Mays. Mr. Jensen also was appointed a director, expanding the board to 24.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp Plans to Buy Valley National for Stock". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). December 8, 1986. p. 1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said it plans to acquire Valley National Corp., a Forest Grove, Ore., bank holding concern, in a stock-swap with an indicated value of about $13.7 million... U.S. Bancorp operates 195 branches in Oregon through its U.S. Bank unit. Valley National, with assets of $93 million, has five branch bank locations and is the parent of Oregon-based Pacific Northwest Trust Corp. and Northvale Homes Inc.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ Gapa, Les (December 18, 1986). "A Big Oregon Bank Will Buy Old National". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. p. B10. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp, the largest bank in Oregon, agreed yesterday to acquire Old National Bancorp, Washington's fifth largest commercial bank, in a merger that could drastically change competition in this state's banking industry. The combination would create the largest financial institution in the Northwest, with about $11 billion in assets, the companies said, surpassing in size both Seafirst Corp. and Rainier Bancorp, currently Nos. 1 and 2 in Washington... The $174 million acquisition, to be effective next July 1... 
^ Buck, Richard (December 18, 1986). "Merger to Make U.S. Bancorp. Biggest Bank". Seattle Times. p. F1. (Subscription required (help)). Old National Bank, long known as the fifth-largest bank in this state, is about to become part of what will be the largest Northwest-based banking institution... The two bank-holding companies, flirting with each other for several years, announced yesterday they intend to merge, with U.S. Bancorp. paying $174 million, or $46 a share, to acquire Old National... U.S. Bancorp. repeatedly said it intended to enter Washington once legal barriers are removed next July 1... Much of the improvement comes from better profits at Old National Bank and First National Bank in Spokane, along with lower losses at Old National Financial Services, a consumer-finance subsidiary whose problems nearly sank the bank in 1983. 
^ Buck, Richard (June 30, 1987). "State Banks Ready to Open Door to Interstate Banking". Seattle Times. p. C1. (Subscription required (help)). On paper, tomorrow is one of the most important days of the decade for the banking industry in Washington. It's when interstate banking is officially allowed to begin. But in reality, July 1 will be a non-event, except to some senior executives of Old National Bank, which will come under new management and become a subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp in Portland. 
^ "Briefly". Los Angeles Times (Home ed.). December 25, 1986. p. 11. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp of Portland, Ore., said it will acquire Heritage Bank in Camas, Wash.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp Plans to Buy Camas Bank". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. December 25, 1986. p. B7. (Subscription required (help)). Oregon's U.S. Bancorp, which recently announced plans to acquire Spokane-based Old National Bancorporation, yesterday announced another foray into Washington state by signing a definitive agreement to buy the small Heritage Bank in Camas in Clark County. The company said the price will be $2.8 million for all 60,000 issued and outstanding shares of Heritage Bank stock. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp To Buy Peoples". New York Times. May 20, 1987. 
^ Heberlein, Greg (May 19, 1987). "U.S. Bankcorp. Agrees to Merge With Peoples". Seattle Times. p. E1. (Subscription required (help)). In a surprise move, U.S. Bancorp. of Portland today said it would exchange stock worth about $74 a share to acquire Seattle-based Peoples Bancorp. 
^ Erickson, Jim (January 1, 1988). "A Bad Year for Nostalgia - Interstate Banking Law Had Its Effect". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. p. B12. (Subscription required (help)). In front of a small gathering of bank officials and the press last week, Peoples Bancorp. Chairman Joshua Green III signed ownership of the 98-year-old bank over to U.S. Bancorp of Portland. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp's Breezley Is Named Chairman, Chief". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). October 27, 1987. p. 1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said Roger L. Breezley, 49 years old, was named chairman and chief executive officer, succeeding John A. Elorriaga, 64, who is retiring. Mr. Breezley has been vice chairman and chief operating officer since 1983. U.S. Bancorp, with $10.6 billion in assets, is the largest bank holding company headquartered in the Pacific Northwest.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "People on The Move". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. November 2, 1987. p. B6. (Subscription required (help)). Roger L. Breezley has been elected chairman of the board and chief executive officer of U.S. Bancorp, the Portland holding company that has acquired Old National Bank and is taking over Peoples National Bank. Breezley succeeded John A. Elorriaga as chairman upon Elorriaga's retirement yesterday. Breezley has been vice chairman of the board and chief operating officer of U.S. Bancorp since 1983. U.S. Bancorp subsidiaries include Oregon's largest bank, U.S. National Bank of Oregon, Old National Bank of Washington and U.S. Bank of Southwest Washington. It is the largest independent bank company in the Northwest. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Plans To Buy Mt Baker Bank". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). December 17, 1987. p. 1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp signed a preliminary agreement for the acquisition of Mt Baker Bank for $16 a share, or $25 million, the companies said. Under the accord, Mt Baker, based in Bellingham, Wash., will become a subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp, based in Portland.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ Sorensen, Donald J. (April 9, 1988). "U.S. Bancorp to Expand to California". The Oregonian. p. E01. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp carried its acquisition program into Northern California for the first time with the announcement Friday that it plans to purchase a bank based in Eureka. A letter of intent has been signed to acquire the Bank of Loleta, a state-chartered bank with assets of $143 million with seven branches in Humboldt and Del Norte counties. Purchase price is about $15.3 million in cash, the Portland-based bank holding company said... The expansion policy of U.S. Bancorp in recent years has created the third-largest bank in Washington with Old National Bancorporation of Spokane and Peoples Bancorporation of Seattle combined into U.S. Bank of Washington. Another subsidiary is U.S. Bank of Southwest Washington, based in Vancouver, and including Heritage Bank of Camas. Pending acquisitions include Mt Baker Bank, a savings bank in Bellingham, and Northwestern Commercial Bank, also in Bellingham. Last year, it also acquired Valley National Bank of Forest Grove to add to the statewide network of U.S. National Bank of Oregon. 
^ Roberts, Bruce & Ruble, Mary B. (June 12, 1989). "Bank of Loleta Becomes U.S. Bank of California". Business Wire (Press release). p. 1. The name has changed but the people remain the same. On June 12, 1989, the Bank of Loleta completed its conversion to the U.S.Bancorp system by officially opening its doors as U.S. Bank of California (U.S. Bank). Acquired by U.S. Bancorp on Dec. 15, 1988, the Bank of Loleta has been operating as a subsidiary of that company.  Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp Sets Purchase". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). April 28, 1988. p. 1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said it definitively agreed to acquire Northwestern Commercial Bank, Bellingham, Wash., for $15.5 million.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ Ruble, Mary; Bowler, Don & Van Duine, Teri (November 17, 1988). "U.S. Bancorp Acquires Northwestern Commercial Bank". Business Wire (Press release). p. 1. The completion of the acquisition of Northwestern Commercial Bank by U.S. Bancorp (NASDAQ: USBC) was announced Thursday, Nov. 17, by Ed Jensen, president, U.S. Bancorp and F. Murray ("Red") Haskell, chairman of the board, Northwestern Commercial Bank...  Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp - Western Independent Bancshares Is Purchased". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. July 23, 1988. p. B3. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp, the Portland-based financial services company, will buy Western Independent Bancshares Inc. in Auburn for $4.25 million in cash under the terms of a definitive agreement announced yesterday. Western Independent Bancshares is the parent company of Auburn Valley Bank, which had year-end assets of $44.6 million and offices in Auburn and Kent. The previously announced acquisition, which requires the approval of Western Independent Bancshares shareholders and regulators, is one of several pending or completed by U.S. Bancorp this year. The company completed the acquisition of Mt Baker Bank in Bellingham last month, and has agreements to purchase Northwestern Commercial Bank, also in Bellingham, and the Bank of Loleta in Eureka, Calif. 
^ Sorensen, Donald J. (October 19, 1989). "U.S. Bancorp Buys Women-Founded Sacramento Bank". The Oregonian. p. E17. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp continued its expansion into Northern California by announcing Wednesday that it has agreed to acquire Mother Lode Savings Bank of Sacramento for about $5.3 million. Mother Lode, which has assets of $107.7 million and three offices, was founded by women in 1980 as a savings and loan to encourage business development by women in the area. It was later changed to a savings bank and expanded its operations... It is one of the first acquisitions of a thrift by a commercial bank in the nation since legislation permitting such takeovers. However, the savings bank is healthy and it was not a rescue effort, U.S. Bancorp said... When the transaction is completed, expected early next year, the bank will become part of U.S. Bank of California, a Bancorp subsidiary. The California unit was formed early last year with the acquisition of the $143 million-in-assets Bank of Loleta in Eureka, Calif. 
^ MacKenzie, Bill (August 26, 1990). "U.S. Bank Acquires Mother Lode Savings". The Oregonian. p. B06. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bank has completed its acquisition of Mother Lode Savings Bank of Sacramento, further solidifying the Oregon bank's position in Northern California. Mother Lode, a state-chartered bank with about $111 million in assets and three offices, became part of U.S. Bank of California on Friday. 
^ Howe, Kenneth (July 29, 1991). "U.S. Bancorp on Northern California Buying Spree". San Francisco Chronicle. p. B1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp, with $18.6 billion in assets, is the country's 35th biggest bank. Breezley's goal is to get it among the top 20 banks by 1994. Even if the bigger banks were to stop growing, U.S. Bancorp would have to expand by 70 percent over the next 3 1/2 years to achieve the goal. But that may not be as difficult as it sounds. The company has tripled in size since 1983... Started from scratch 2 1/2 years ago, the company's U.S. Bank of California unit, with about $1.4 billion in assets, already is the seventh-largest bank headquartered in Northern California. Forming U.S. Bank of California after buying the tiny Bank of Loleta in Eureka at the end of 1988, Breezley added Sacramento's Mother Lode Savings in 1990 and Auburn's HeartFed Financial Corp. and Petaluma's Northbay Financial this year... Much of U.S. Bancorp's growth has occurred in the state of Washington, where the company has made six acquisitions in four years and where U.S. Bank of Washington, with $5.4 billion in assets, is now the third-largest bank. Breezley's next target is Idaho, where his blend of caution and aggression is evident. Tejera said that last year U.S. Bancorp tried three times to buy Idaho institutions: First National Bank of North Idaho in Wallace, Mountain West Savings Bank of Coeur d'Alene and Boise-based West One Bancorp. "They played it very conservative in those attempts, walking away when the price got too steep," he said. 
^ Reed, Molly (March 13, 1990). "First National Bank in Spokane to Transfer Branches to U.S. Bank". Business Wire (Press release). p. 1. U.S. Bancorp (NASDAQ: USBC) Tuesday announced plans to transfer branches of its wholly owned subsidiary First National Bank in Spokane (First National Bank) to its flagship Washington bank, U.S. Bank of Washington, National Association (U.S. Bank). In addition, First National Bank will apply to relocate its main office to Idaho. Completion of the transactions is dependent upon regulatory approval. "First National Bank has been a part of the U.S. Bancorp system since the acquisition of Old National Bank in 1987," said Gerry Cameron, president of U.S. Bank.  Link via ProQuest.
^ Ruble, Mary & Schmitt, Gary (February 19, 1992). "U.S. Bank Gains Approval to Serve Idaho Customers". Business Wire (Press release). p. 1. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) has approved an application to relocate U.S. Bancorp's subsidiary First National Bank in Spokane to Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. U.S. Bancorp acquired the First National Bank charter in 1987, as part of its acquisition of Old National Bancorporation, which is now part of the current U.S. Bank of Washington... U.S. Bank of Idaho, National Association, opened for business today in its new location and under its new name... Once established in Coeur d'Alene, Schmitt said U.S. Bank of Idaho will file an application for a new branch... Subsidiaries include United States National Bank of Oregon; U.S. Bank of Washington, National Association; U.S. Bank of California; and U.S. Bank of Idaho, National Association.  Link via ProQuest.
^ Rooks, Judy (July 18, 1990). "U.S. Bancorp Buys California Savings And Loan". The Oregonian. p. PAGE: D01. (Subscription required (help)). The Portland-based financial services company has reached an agreement to acquire HeartFed Financial Corp. of Auburn, Calif., the holding company for Heart Federal Savings and Loan... The deal is valued at about $107.8 million. Acquisition of the 29-branch savings and loan will give U.S. Bancorp its largest toehold in California. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp pays $118 million for California thrift". United Press International. March 28, 1991. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). November 5, 1991. p. B8. (Subscription required (help)). Ed Jensen, 54 years old, was named to the new post of chief operating officer at this bank holding company. Mr. Jensen continues as president.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "Banking & Finance". Los Angeles Times. February 27, 1992. 
^ Hicks, Larry (February 27, 1992). "Bofa, Security Pacific Branches Sold - U.S. Bancorp Deal Boosts Market Share In Sacramento, Northern California". Sacramento Bee. p. D1. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp, a powerful Oregon bank that is challenging for local market leadership, on Wednesday purchased 49 branches in metropolitan Sacramento, Northern California and Nevada from giants BankAmerica Corp. and Security Pacific Corp. for $70 million... U.S. Bancorp is acquiring $1.58 billion in total deposits from the two banks, including 20 branches in Northern California which hold $750 million in deposits. Security Pacific owns 18 of those branches and BofA owns two offices... In Nevada, the acquisition package includes the purchase of Bank of America Nevada (owned by BofA), with 21 branches, plus eight Security Pacific branches in Nevada. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire Divested Bank Of America, Security Pacific Branches In Northern California, Nevada". PR Newswire (Press release). February 27, 1992 – via The Free Library. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp". Wall Street Journal (Eastern ed.). January 14, 1993. p. B8. (Subscription required (help)). Edmund P. Jensen, 55 years old, president and chief operating officer of this bank holding company, was named a vice chairman. Succeeding him as president is Kevin R. Kelly, 43, formerly president of company's U.S. Bank of Oregon unit. Mr. Jensen retains the post of chief operating officer of the holding company. Also named a vice chairman was Gerry B. Cameron, 54, former president of the company's U.S. Bank of Washington unit. A spokeswoman said the changes were part of an ongoing strategic development plan.  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ Hansell, Saul (October 27, 1993). "Visa International Is Set To Replace Top Officer". New York Times. The longtime chief executive of Visa International, Charles Russell, will announce today that he is resigning from the credit card organization. He will be replaced by Edmund P. Jensen, a vice chairman of U.S. Bancorp in Portland, Ore. 
^ "Gerry B. Cameron Named Chief Operating Officer Of U.S. Bancorp". PR Newswire (Press release). January 6, 1994 – via The Free Library. Chairman Roger L. Breezley today announced that the board of directors of U.S. Bancorp has elected Vice Chairman Gerry Cameron to the additional position of chief operating officer (COO). With the new position, Cameron's scope of responsibility broadens from his traditional regional banking focus to include oversight of nationally focused financial businesses. Cameron assumes the title previously held by Edmund P. Jensen who recently left U.S. Bancorp to join Visa International as president and chief executive officer. Kevin R. Kelly remains as president of U.S. Bancorp. 
^ Francis, Mike & Hamburg, Ken (January 27, 1994). "U.S. Bancorp Board Puts Cameron In Charge". The Oregonian. p. C01. (Subscription required (help)). The directors of U.S. Bancorp put a new man in charge Wednesday, ending speculation about the succession at the region's largest independent bank. Gerry Cameron, a 38-year veteran of U.S. Bancorp, was named chief executive officer of the regional holding company. He succeeds Roger Breezley, who remains chairman of the company, a position he has held since 1987. Breezley, 55, surrendered his day-to-day management duties at the bank. The leadership change -- effective immediately -- was announced Wednesday night following an afternoon meeting of the company's directors. A statement by Breezley said he had recommended that the functions of chairman and chief executive be split. The change, he said, allows him to focus on oversight. The suddenness of the change surprised even bank insiders. About an hour after the directors adjourned, the senior vice president for investor relations said he hadn't heard about the change. 
^ Francis, Mike (March 19, 1994). "Kelly Steps Down at U.S. Bancorp". The Oregonian. p. E01. (Subscription required (help)). Kevin R. Kelly resigned Friday as president of U.S. Bancorp, partly because he didn't want his "restlessness" to become a distraction as the bank sharpens its focus on its internal operations. But he's also stepping aside at age 44 so chief executive officer Gerry B. Cameron can assemble his own team of managers at the highest levels of the region's largest independent bank. 
^ "Chairman Of U.S. Bancorp Steps Down". New York Times. April 20, 1994. The chairman of U.S. Bancorp, Roger L. Breezley, resigned yesterday. He will be succeeded by Gerry B. Cameron, the chief executive. The company, based in Portland, Ore., also said it planned to buy back up to six million shares to finance the company's 1993 stock incentive plan and for other corporate purposes. The company has about 99.7 million shares outstanding. Mr. Breezley, 56, will remain on the board. He relinquished the chief executive's post in January, the company said. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Chairman Roger Breezley Resigns". Seattle Times. April 20, 1994. announcement of Breezley's resignation was unexpected 
^ Torbenson, Eric (May 9, 1995). "Idaho Loses Last Major State Bank Boise’s West One Agrees To U.S. Bancorp Merger". The Spokesman-Review. 
^ Manning, Jeff (May 9, 1995). "Banking on Bigness: U.S. Buying West One". The Oregonian. p. A01. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp announced Monday morning its intention to buy Boise-based West One Bancorp in a deal valued at $1.6 billion. The acquisition would boost U.S. Bancorp's total assets from $21.4 billion to more than $30 billion, solidifying its position as the largest Northwest-owned bank... The merger cements U.S. Bancorp's position as the largest bank in Oregon. It also will become the largest institution in Idaho and move from fifth-largest to third-largest in Washington. West One also gives U.S. Bancorp its first entry into Utah. The acquisition probably will raise antitrust concerns among Justice Department lawyers. U.S. Bancorp acknowledged that it probably will have to divest assets in certain markets, especially the Portland metropolitan area, to gain government approval... The acquisition clears up speculation about who U.S. Bancorp's next chief executive will be. As part of the deal, the Portland bank named West One's chairman and chief executive, Dan Nelson, its own chief operating officer and president. What's more, Nelson will assume the bank's helm after Cameron retires in three years. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Purchase Of West One". New York Times. Bloomberg L.P. December 28, 1995. 
^ "Justice Allows U.S. Bank Deal". The Spokesman-Review. December 12, 1995. 
^ "First Hawaiian To Buy U.S. Bank Branches". Seattle Times. December 5, 1995. 
^ "Hawaii Bank Buys U.S. Bank Branches". The Spokesman-Review. December 5, 1995. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Buy California Bancshares: Mergers: Drop in Oregon bank's share price reflects concern that $309-million price tag is too high.". Los Angeles Times. February 13, 1996. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp completes California deal". United Press International. June 6, 1996. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire Sun Capital". Deseret News. September 26, 1996. 
^ "Meanwhile in Utah ...". Salt Lake Tribune. January 4, 1997. p. E10. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bank has finalized its acquisition of St. George-based Sun Capital Bank in a deal valued at $15.5 million. Under terms of an agreement originally signed Sept. 25, two Sun Capital branches in St. George and one in Hurricane will merge this spring into U.S. Bank... The merger will bring to 29 the number of U.S. Bank branches operating in Utah. The bank with $33 billion in assets moved into the state in April through its acquisition of West One Bank. 
^ Bartel, Frank (December 25, 1996). "Ex-Spokane Banker Passes Up Chance To Lead Regional Financial Giant". The Spokesman-Review. 
^ Ota, Alan K. (December 28, 1996). "U.S. Bancorp Buys California Bank". The Oregonian. p. B12. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp strengthened its growing franchise in Northern California Friday by agreeing Friday to acquire Business & Professional Bank of Sacramento for $35 million in cash. The Portland-based banking company's latest acquisition came at the end of a week of renewed rumors on Wall Street that U.S. Bancorp may itself might be a takeover target. The surprise annoucement announcement on Dec. 20 that President Daniel R. Nelson would take early retirement at the end of the year fueled the speculation. Nelson was the heir apparent to Chairman Gerry B. Cameron, who plans to retire at the end of 1998. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Acquisition of Business & Professional Bank". PR Newswire (Press release). May 1, 1997. 
^ Hansell, Saul (March 21, 1997). "First Bank System to Buy U.S. Bancorp of Oregon". New York Times. 
^ "First Bank System to buy U.S. Bancorp: Minneapolis-based...". Chicago Tribune. March 20, 1997. 
^ "First Bank Strikes Deal To Acquire U.S. Bancorp $9 Billion Deal Will Create 14th-Largest Bank In America". The Spokesman-Review. March 21, 1997. 
^ DePass, Dee (August 2, 1997). "It's a done deal: First Bank System acquires U.S. Bancorp - and its name - Analysts are waiting to see whether new combined company will make planned $340 million in expense cuts by next year". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 02D. (Subscription required (help)). First Bank System closed on its acquisition of Portland, Ore.-based U.S. Bancorp. Friday and changed its name to U.S. Bancorp. The new combined company will be headquartered in Minneapolis. The deal creates a robust financial institution operating in 17 states with $72 billion in assets and a market capitalization of $22 billion. It becomes the 14th-largest bank holding company in the country based on assets, and the 10th-largest based on market capitalization. Effective Monday, the ticker symbol will change to USB and the stock will trade on the New York Stock Exchange. "While this is a defining moment in the history of First Bank System as a bank holding company, it will be business as usual for customers at all our bank branches for the immediate future," said John F. Grundhofer, who will serve as president and chief executive officer of the new U.S. Bancorp. 
^ Ota, Alan K. (August 2, 1997). "U.S. Bank Workers Leave for Good". The Oregonian. p. E01. (Subscription required (help)). Connie Rosenberg pushed out the revolving door Friday afternoon and took her first step into life after U.S. Bancorp. Rosenberg, a bank auditor, was one of several hundred Portland workers laid off Friday, hours after Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc. completed its $9.9 billion stock-swap takeover of the old U.S. Bancorp. Both companies won approval from stockholders Thursday to merge. The combined company wasted no time launching a reorganization that will eliminate 4,000 jobs in 18 months. More than half the cuts will be in the Portland area... First Bank System Inc. of Minneapolis adopted the U.S. Bancorp name Friday. The new U.S. Bancorp began its first day of business assuring customers that they would see no changes in their customer accounts for a while. The company plans to merge operations slowly in the next 18 months. The stock of the new company will trade on the New York Stock Exchange with a new symbol, USB. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire Zappco, Inc.: Acquisition Creates Largest Banking Presence in St. Cloud Area". PR Newswire (Press release). September 15, 1997. 
^ DePass, Dee (December 16, 1997). "U.S. Bancorp finishes its acquisition of Zappco of St. Cloud". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 03D. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said Friday that it has completed its acquisition of St. Cloud-based Zappco, a bank holding company with three banks, six branches and $360 million in assets. Terms were not disclosed. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp To Buy Clark County Bank". The Spokesman-Review. March 14, 1998. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp acquires Washington holding company". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. March 13, 1998. 
^ "Northwest Bank Buyout Deal Gets A Federal Go-Ahead". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. October 10, 1998. p. B3. (Subscription required (help)). The Justice Department approved U.S. Bancorp's acquisition of Vancouver, Wash.-based Northwest Bancshares Inc. yesterday after U.S. Bancorp agreed to sell a branch in Clark County. 
^ Anderson, Julia (December 16, 1998). "Bank Sale Officially Complete". The Columbian. p. C1. (Subscription required (help)). It's official. Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp now owns Northwest National Bank of Vancouver. The sale has been pending since March when Northwest Bank shareholders approved the sale. The deal's closing was announced Tuesday, a few days after U.S. Bank agreed to sell Northwest's Hazel Dell branch to Centennial Bank of Eugene. That sale was required by the U.S. Justice Department to comply with anti-trust regulations. With that out of the way, the larger sale could go forward. 
^ Huber, Tim (December 24, 1998). "Cameron to Step Down at Bancorp". St. Paul Pioneer Press. p. 3B. (Subscription required (help)). Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp said Wednesday that chairman Gerry Cameron would retire at the end of the year as planned. He will be succeeded by U.S. Bancorp president and chief executive John Grundhofer. Cameron was chief executive of Portland, Ore.-based U.S. Bancorp when it was acquired for $9 billion by Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc. First Bank assumed the U.S. Bancorp name when the deal closed in March. Cameron became chairman of the merged company. The move is not a surprise. Cameron had said he would retire when the First Bank-U.S. Bancorp merger was announced in March 1997. 
^ DePass, Dee (December 29, 1998). "Grundhofer gains title as U.S. Bancorp chair retires - Cameron steps down after 40-year career". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp Chairman Gerry Cameron will retire effective Thursday, ending a banking career that spanned four decades. Cameron in 1997 had announced his intention to retire by the end of this year, so the move is no surprise. But it does further cement the passing of control at the old U.S. Bancorp, where Cameron was the CEO and president before the August 1997 sale of the Portland-based bank to Minneapolis-based First Bank System. After the deal closed, First Bank took the U.S. Bancorp name. Cameron's departure gives John (Jack) Grundhofer the title of chairman in addition to chief executive and president. Cameron remained out West after the acquisition, which caused many analysts to believe he had effectively given up control of the company long before his official Dec. 31 retirement. 
^ DePass, Dee (February 19, 1999). "U.S. Bancorp to buy San Diego bank firm - Stock purchase is valued at nearly $314 million". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). It wasn't the mega merger some bank analysts expected, but U.S. Bancorp pulled its own coup Thursday in announcing that it will buy San Diego-based Bank of Commerce in a stock deal valued near $314 million. Pending regulatory and shareholder approval, the purchase should close by June. Bank of Commerce, with 10 branches, boasts $638 million in assets and is the largest Small Business Administration (SBA) lender in California and one of the largest in the nation. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Plans to Buy San Diego Bank". Los Angeles Times. February 19, 1999. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Adding Bank Of Commerce In Stock Deal". New York Times. February 20, 1999. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp acquires Bank of Commerce". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. July 19, 1999. 
^ Cahill, Joseph B. (May 20, 1999). "U.S. Bancorp Agrees, for $904 Million In Stock, to Acquire Western Bancorp". Wall Street Journal. p. A8. ISSN 0099-9660. (Subscription required (help)).  Alternate Link via ProQuest.
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Buy Southern California Banks". New York Times. May 20, 1999. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Western Bancorp Buy". Los Angeles Times. November 17, 1999. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Acquisition of Western Bancorp". PR Newswire (Press release). November 16, 1999. 
^ DePass, Dee (July 22, 1999). "Heasley named to No. 2 job at USB - Zona and Sznewajs plan to leave bank". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). Philip Heasley has been named president and given the new title of chief operating officer at U.S. Bancorp, making him the likeliest successor to CEO John (Jack) Grundhofer... Industry speculation immediately centered on talk that the 49-year-old Heasley, a former Citibanker and USB's chief technology architect, had been selected over Zona, 54, a 10-year veteran who has run middle market and commercial operations, for the No. 2 position... The three men formed the management trio that transformed the small First Bank, near insolvency a decade ago, into U.S. Bancorp, the 13th-largest bank in the nation with $77 billion in assets. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Names Heasley President and Chief Operating Officer". PR Newswire (Press release). July 21, 1999. 
^ Allison, Melissa (November 8, 2000). "Bank One's First USA Rescuer To Retire: Credit Card Industry Vet Hired To Run Unit". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Is Acquiring Peninsula Bank Of San Diego". New York Times. September 3, 1999. 
^ "California : Southland Focus : San Diego's Peninsula Bank Is Sold". Los Angeles Times. September 3, 1999. 
^ DePass, Dee (September 3, 1999). "U.S. Bancorp to buy San Diego bank, its 3rd of year in Southern California - Purchase will cost $104 million in stock". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 03D. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp said Thursday it will buy Peninsula Bank of San Diego for about $104 million in stock, USB's third bank deal in Southern California this year. 
^ Calbreath, Dean (September 3, 1999). "USB adds Peninsula Bank to its roster - Buyout will be stock deal valued at $104 million". San Diego Union Tribune. pp. C–1. (Subscription required (help)). n its third Southern California purchase this year, Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp has launched a $104 million buyout of San Diego's Peninsula Bank. 
^ Bigelow, Bruce V. (January 7, 2000). "Peninsula Bank shareholders move to block merger". San Diego Union Tribune. pp. C–1. (Subscription required (help)). A group of shareholders in Peninsula Bank of San Diego has moved to thwart Peninsula's merger with U.S. Bancorp, arguing the $100 million deal was "materially altered" when U.S. Bancorp cut its earnings estimate... Peninsula said last September that the bank had agreed to a buyout proposal submitted by Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp, the nation's No. 12 bank. The deal was valued then at approximately $100 million to $120 million. But the lawsuit is focused on a subsequent announcement issued Dec. 6, when U.S. Bancorp said lower-than-expected revenue and increased investments had reduced earnings expectations for the fourth quarter and the rest of 2000. The news sent shares of U.S. Bancorp plummeting by more than 27 percent that day, erasing more than $7 billion of market value. Before U.S. Bancorp's disclosure, the Minnesota bank had an estimated 12 percent rate in its earnings growth. The actual rate is now closer to 5 percent, Robbins said. 
^ "Business Briefing: U.S. Bancorp completes acquisition". San Diego Union Tribune. January 19, 2000. pp. C–2. (Subscription required (help)). U.S. Bancorp of Minneapolis said yesterday it completed its acquisition of Peninsula Bank of San Diego. Based on the closing price of U.S. Bancorp shares Friday, Peninsula holders received $35.70 in U.S. Bancorp's shares for each Peninsula share held. Peninsula plans to convert its operations into U.S. Bank's systems, products and services in July. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire Scripps Financial Corporation of San Diego". PR Newswire (Press release). June 27, 2000. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Acquisition of Scripps Financial Corporation; Addition of Scripps Branches Complements U.S. Bank's California Presence". PR Newswire (Press release). October 13, 2000. 
^ Atlas, Riva D. (October 5, 2000). "U.S. Bancorp to Be Acquired By Firstar for $21 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Firstar Corporation and U.S. Bancorp Merge, Creating $160 Billion High-Growth Financial Services Company: $21.2 Billion Share Exchange Will Provide Immediate EPS Accretion". PR Newswire (Press release). October 4, 2000. 
^ a b Sanders, Edmund (October 5, 2000). "U.S. Bancorp to Be Sold to Firstar: Banking: Grundhofer brothers' $19-billion merger would create the nation's eighth-largest bank.". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "Firstar Corporation and U.S. Bancorp Complete Merger" (Press release). U.S. Bancorp. 2001-02-27. Archived from the original on 2001-12-04. 
^ DePass, Dee (February 27, 2001). "USB, Firstar make it official - Many Firstar executives moving to the Minneapolis headquarters". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). Firstar Corp. completes its $22 billion acquisition of U.S. Bancorp today, creating the nation's eighth-largest bank and triggering a move by a number of Firstar executives from Milwaukee to Minnesota. The influx of more than a dozen top Firstar personnel is expected to take place over the next few months. The headquarters of the combined bank will be in Minneapolis and the combined firm will keep the U.S. Bancorp name. Firstar CEO Jerry Grundhofer becomes CEO of the new, $160 billion U.S. Bancorp. Grundhofer, who replaces his older brother, Jack, in the role of USB CEO, reportedly already has located property in the Twin Cities and expects to move here by the fall. Jack Grundhofer becomes chairman of the combined organization. He will retire next year... The bank will be based in Minneapolis, retain the U.S. Bancorp name and span 24 states with nearly 2,200 branches. The bank will have $107 billion in deposits and 51,000 employees. (Firstar had 23,000, USB 28,000.) The combined bank plans to cut $266 million in expenses over three years, but few layoffs are planned because there was little geographic overlap between the banks. The New CEO will be former Firstar CEO Jerry Grundhofer. Former USB CEO John Grundhofer will be the chairman and retire in 2002. 
^ "Justice Department requires Firstar Corporation and U.S. Bancorp Inc. to sell branch offices in Minnesota and Iowa" (Press release). U.S. Department of Justice. February 5, 2001. 
^ "Bremer buys Firstar branches; move clears merger path". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. January 31, 2001. 
^ DePass, Dee (February 1, 2001). "Firstar to sell 11 branches to Bremer Bank". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. p. 01D. (Subscription required (help)). Milwaukee-based Firstar Corp. will sell 11 of its branches to Bremer Bank in St. Paul to comply with market-share rules governing its pending purchase of U.S. Bancorp. The branches are all in the Twin Cities and represent $760 million in deposits, about one-third of Firstar's current Minnesota franchise. The combined U.S. Bancorp-Firstar will have 90 branches in the Twin Cities after the divestiture, scheduled to take place in June. 
^ "Firstar sells two Iowa branches". Cincinnati Business Journal. February 6, 2001. 
^ Shim,, Grace (February 6, 2001). "Two Bluffs Bank Branches to Be Sold". Omaha World-Herald. p. 14. (Subscription required (help)). Two Firstar bank branches in Council Bluffs will be sold to West Des Moines, Iowa - based Liberty Bank FSB as part of the merger of Firstar Corp. and U.S. Bancorp. The Tuesday morning announcement was made within a day of Justice Department approval of the $21.2 billion merger that would create the nation's eighth largest bank, which is to carry the U.S. Bancorp name. 
^ "Hawaii-Based Bank to Sell Calif. Branches". Los Angeles Times. April 24, 2001. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to Acquire 20 Pacific Century Bank Branches in California". PR Newswire (Press release). June 5, 2001. 
^ "U.S. Bank Completes Acquisition of 20 Pacific Century Bank Branches In California". PR Newswire (Press release). September 10, 2001. 
^ "U.S. Bank completes buy of Pacific Century Bank branches". Pacific Business News. September 10, 2001. 
^ Calvey, Mark (July 22, 2002). "Bay View liquidates, sells assets to U.S. Bank, Wamu". San Francisco Business Times. 
^ "U.S. Bank Agrees to Purchase Bay View Bank Retail Branches". PR Newswire (Press release). July 22, 2002. 
^ "Bay View Capital Closes Sale of Branches to U.S. Bank". PR Newswire (Press release). November 1, 2002. 
^ "Jerry Grundhofer named chairman of U.S. Bancorp". Milwaukee Business Journal. December 18, 2002. 
^ "U.S. Bank to Acquire National City's Corporate Trust Bond Administration Business". Business Wire (Press release). May 25, 2004. 
^ "U.S. Bank buys National City trust division". Columbus Business First. May 25, 2004. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Promotes Richard Davis to President and Chief Operating Officer". Business Wire (Press release). October 19, 2004. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp names Richard Davis COO". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. October 19, 2004. 
^ McKinney, Jeff (July 2, 1998). "Star Banc's acquisition to cost city another HQ". Cincinnati Enquirer. 
^ Vomhof, John, Jr. (November 29, 2005). "U.S. Bank to acquire Wachovia units for $720M". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bank to Acquire the Municipal and Corporate Bond Trustee Business from SunTrust". Business Wire (Press release). July 25, 2006. 
^ Wilbert, Lauren (June 1, 2006). "U.S. Bancorp set to buy Vail Banks". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Purchase of Vail Banks, Inc.". Business Wire (Press release). September 1, 2006. 
^ "U.S. Bank to Acquire the Municipal Trustee Business from LaSalle Bank". Business Wire (Press release). November 10, 2006. 
^ LeBeau, Steve (November 10, 2006). "U.S. Bancorp to buy LaSalles's trustee business". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to buy United Financial". St. Louis Business Journal. November 7, 2006. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Completes Acquisition of United Financial Corp.". Business Wire (Press release). February 6, 2007. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Announces Davis to Succeed Grundhofer as CEO in December 2006; Grundhofer to Remain Chairman Until December 2007". Business Wire (Press release). July 18, 2006. 
^ Nicole Garrison-Sprenger (July 18, 2006). "U.S. Bancorp CEO Grundhofer to retire". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ Garrison-Sprenger, Nicole (December 13, 2006). "Davis takes helm at U.S. Bancorp". St. Paul Pioneer Press. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Elects Richard Davis as Chairman and Announces Common Stock Dividend Increase". Business Wire (Press release). December 11, 2007. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires Mellon 1st Business Bank in Los Angeles/Orange County: U.S. Bancorp Vice Chairman Joseph Otting to Relocate to California". Business Wire (Press release). March 28, 2008. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Closes Deal for Mellon Unit". New York Times. June 3, 2008. 
^ UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY INITIAL SECTION 105(a) TROUBLED ASSET RELIEF PROGRAM REPORT TO CONGRESS FOR THE PERIOD OF OCTOBER 6, 2008 TO NOVEMBER 30, 2008 (PDF) (Report). Office of Financial Stability. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires Downey Savings & Loan and PFF Bank & Trust Through an FDIC Facilitated Transaction" (Press release). Business Wire. November 21, 2008. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires Deposits of First Bank of Idaho Through an FDIC-Facilitated Transaction". Business Wire (Press release). April 24, 2009. 
^ "US Bancorp takes over First Bank of the Tetons". The Oregonian. April 26, 2009. 
^ Serres, Chris (June 17, 2009). "U.S. Bancorp repays TARP bailout funds to Treasury". Star Tribune. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp (USB) Fund Services Acquires Mutual Fund Administration and Accounting Service Division of Fiduciary Management". Street Insider. October 5, 2009. 
^ Daykin, Tom (October 5, 2009). "U.S. Bancorp buys Fiduciary Management unit". Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. 
^ Temple-West, Patrick (October 14, 2009). "U.S. Bank Bulks Up By Buying First Citizens' Bond Trustee Unit". Bond Buyer. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ "U.S. Bank to Acquire the Bond Trustee Business from First Citizens Bank". Business Wire (Press release). October 7, 2009. 
^ a b "U.S. Bank Acquires FBOP Corporation’s Banking Subsidiaries Through an FDIC Facilitated Transaction" (Press release). Business Wire. October 30, 2009. 
^ "Prosperity Bank(R) Completes Acquisition of Texas Branches of U.S. Bank" (Press release). PRNewswire. March 29, 2010. 
^ Craver, Richard (October 15, 2009). "Texas is far enough west for BB&T Inc.: It's selling Nevada branches it bought two months ago". Winston-Salem Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bank Completes Purchase of Nevada Banking Operations from BB&T Corporation" (Press release). Business Wire. January 19, 2010. 
^ Marek, Lynne (July 29, 2010). "Nuveen Investments acquires U.S. Bancorp unit". Crain's Chicago Business. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp to sell stock, bond funds to Nuveen". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. July 29, 2010. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires First Community Bank Through an FDIC Facilitated Transaction" (Press release). Business Wire. January 28, 2011. 
^ "U.S. Bank Acquires Banking Operations of BankEast Corporation of Tennessee Through an FDIC-Facilitated Transaction" (Press release). Business Wire. January 27, 2012. 
^ Bjorhus, Jennifer (March 19, 2013). "U.S. Bank to buy Deutsche Bank's U.S. municipal bond trustee business: The deal with Deutsche Bank will add about $57 billion to the $3 trillion in corporate trust assets U.S. Bank administers.". Minneapolis Star-Tribune. 
^ Henderson, Tom (January 7, 2014). "U.S. Bancorp buys Charter One branches in Chicago area". Crains Detroit Business. 
^ a b Yerak, Becky (June 23, 2014). "Former Charter One branches open as U.S. Bank". Chicago Tribune. 
^ Daniel, Steve (April 29, 2014). "U.S. Bank closing 13 branches in Charter One buyout". Crain's Chicago Business. 
^ Hammerand, Jim (January 20, 2015). "U.S. Bank promotes CFO Andy Cecere to COO; Is CEO job next?". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. 
^ "U.S. Bancorp Promotes Andrew Cecere to President". Business Wire (Press release). January 19, 2016. 
^ "U.S. Bank CEO Richard Davis stepping down; St. Paul-reared COO taking over". St. Paul Pioneer Press. January 17, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to U.S. Bancorp.



Official website



Business data for U.S. Bancorp: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



Yahoo! - U.S. Bancorp Company Profile
Map of Locations







v
t
e


U.S. Bancorp



Divisions



U.S. Bank
Elavon
MoneyPass
Syncada





Historical components



Bay View Bank
Cal National Bank
EurekaBank
FBOP Corporation
Firstar Corporation
First Bank System
Marquette Bank Minneapolis
Mercantile Bancorporation
Star Banc Corporation





Buildings



U.S. Bank Center (Phoenix)
US Bank Plaza (Sacramento)
US Bank Tower (Los Angeles)
U.S. Bank Tower (Denver)
US Bank Plaza (Boise)
US Bank Building (Davenport, Iowa)
US Bancorp Center
US Bank Plaza (Minneapolis)
US Bank Centre








 '
 Commons












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul












v
t
e


Companies formerly based in Oregon



Moved out of state



Georgia Pacific
Integra Telecom (2014)
JELD-WEN (2015)
Louisiana Pacific
Banfield





Acquired by out-of-state entities



Camera World (2002)
Cascade Microtech (2016)
Fred Meyer
Freightliner
Harry & David (2014)
J. K. Gill
LaCrosse Footwear (2012)
MathStar (2010)
McCormick & Schmick's (2012)
Meier & Frank
Mentor Graphics
Merix (2010)
Oregon Steel Mills
Planar Systems (2015)
Sawyer's (1966)
Sequent Computer Systems
StanCorp Financial (2016)
Tektronix (2007)
U.S. Bancorp
West Coast Bank (2012)
Willamette Industries (2002)





Defunct or out of business



Consolidated Freightways
Emporium (2003)
Evergreen International Aviation
Floating Point Systems
G.I. Joe's (2009)
Hollywood Video (2010)
Sprouse-Reitz (1994)
White Stag Manufacturing










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=U.S._Bancorp&oldid=791877236"					
Categories: U.S. BancorpBanks based in MinnesotaCompanies based in MinneapolisBanks established in 18901890 establishments in MinnesotaCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from July 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


БългарскиDeutschفارسیFrançaisGalegoBahasa IndonesiaРусский 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 01:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

















Andrew Cecere | U.S. Bank | Email, President and Chief Executive Officer , @usbank.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Andrew Cecere

 U.S. Bank  President and Chief Executive Officer 


Updated On : 
                    Jun 13, 2017                            

export

















800 Nicollet Mall

Minneapolis, MN 55402


Email format for @usbank.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
> 10000

Revenue:  
> 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Finance->Banks                    
SIC Code:  
                         6021  - National Commercial Banks








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Andrew Cecere is U.S. Bank's CEO. Their President and Chief Executive Officer  is Andrew Cecere. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Banks industry. If you're checking for U.S. Bank email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @usbank.com email format and possibly Andrew Cecere's email. U.S. Bank is based in Minneapolis, MN. You can also get Andrew Cecere's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Banks category.  Some possible email formats for Andrew Cecere are ACecere@usbank.com, Andrew.Cecere@usbank.com, Andrew@usbank.com, and Andrew_Cecere@usbank.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@usbank.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Andrew C - Executive

Andrew C - Other
Andrew C's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in MedStar Health's Lead411 profile and other MedStar Health email addresses with the @medstarhealth.org domain format.  He is part of MedStar Health where he serves as the Financial.  MedStar Health's main office is set in Columbia, MD. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Hospitals/clinics category.  Some possible email formats for Andrew C are AC@medstarhealth.org, Andrew.C@medstarhealth.org, Andrew@medstarhealth.org, and Andrew_C@medstarhealth.org. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@medstarhealth.org addresses.
Andrew C - Other
Located in Brooklyn, NY Brooklyn College has Andrew C serving as the organization's Student. Need Andrew C's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Brooklyn College Lead411 profile, along with their Brooklyn College email addresses using the domain. Search for Brooklyn College on Lead411 under the Education/training industry.  Some possible email formats for Andrew C are AC@brooklyn.cuny.edu, Andrew.C@brooklyn.cuny.edu, Andrew@brooklyn.cuny.edu, and Andrew_C@brooklyn.cuny.edu. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@brooklyn.cuny.edu addresses.



Similar Employees:
Richard Ptack - Executive
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Richard Ptack?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also U.S. Bank email addresses within the @usbank.com profile so Richard Ptack's email could be included.  Richard Ptack is part of the U.S. Bank which has its main offices in Minneapolis, MN.  Currently holds the post of Business Technology Analyst | Certified Scrum Product Owner.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Banks industry.  Some possible email formats for Richard Ptack are RPtack@usbank.com, Richard.Ptack@usbank.com, Richard@usbank.com, and Richard_Ptack@usbank.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@usbank.com addresses.
Denny Mccormick - Executive
If you need @usbank.com email addresses for U.S. Bank, you can find them on Lead411 as Denny Mccormick's email might be available. Denny Mccormick, the company's Product Owner, also has extensive contact information, including U.S. Bank's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Minneapolis, MN-based U.S. Bank can be found on Lead411 under the Banks industry.  Some possible email formats for Denny Mccormick are DMccormick@usbank.com, Denny.Mccormick@usbank.com, Denny@usbank.com, and Denny_Mccormick@usbank.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@usbank.com addresses.
Jodi Bates - Executive
Trying to find Jodi Bates's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out U.S. Bank's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @usbank.com contact information.  U.S. Bank is an organization centered in Minneapolis, MN, which you can find on Lead411 under the Banks category.  Jodi Bates is their Business Analyst / Product Owner.  Some possible email formats for Jodi Bates are JBates@usbank.com, Jodi.Bates@usbank.com, Jodi@usbank.com, and Jodi_Bates@usbank.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@usbank.com addresses.

People Directory > Andrew Cecere

















 



U.S. Bancorp Promotes Andrew Cecere to President | Business Wire
























































U.S. Bancorp Promotes Andrew Cecere to President






January 19, 2016 01:20 PM Eastern Standard Time



MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--U.S. Bancorp (NYSE: USB), parent company of U.S. Bank, the fifth largest 
      commercial bank in the United States, announced today that Andrew 
      Cecere, currently Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer (COO), has 
      been promoted to President. As President and Chief Operating Officer, 
      Cecere will continue his responsibilities for U.S. Bank’s core lines of 
      business: Consumer and Small Business Banking, Wholesale Banking and 
      Commercial Real Estate, Payment Services, and Wealth Management and 
      Securities Services. Cecere will continue to report to Richard Davis, 
      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, U.S. Bank.
    


      “Promoting Andy to President is a logical next step in his executive 
      progression,” Davis said. “He has demonstrated years of steady 
      leadership and has earned the confidence of the Board and the respect of 
      his colleagues. He has a 30-year track record of delivering outstanding 
      results. As Chief Operating Officer, he has excelled at implementing a 
      strategy that unifies the customer experience and makes U.S. Bank the 
      most trusted choice because of our strength and stability. The Board and 
      I have tremendous confidence in Andy and his ability to manage our 
      businesses effectively.”
    

      Cecere has been with U.S. Bank since 1985. He has served as Vice 
      Chairman and COO since January 2015. Prior to that, he served as Vice 
      Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, and Vice Chairman of Wealth 
      Management and Securities Services. He received his MBA from the Carlson 
      School of Business at the University of Minnesota and his undergraduate 
      degree from the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul, Minn.
    

      “I am intensely proud of U.S. Bank and its 67,000 hard-working and 
      dedicated people,” Cecere said. “I appreciate the vote of confidence 
      from Richard and the Board to be named President. We will continue to 
      create value for our shareholders, customers, employees, and communities 
      as we pursue our vision for the future together.”
    

About U.S. Bank


      Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp (“USB”), with $422 billion in assets as 
      of December 31, 2015, is the parent company of U.S. Bank National 
      Association, the fifth largest commercial bank in the United States. The 
      Company operates 3,133 banking offices in 25 states and 4,936 ATMs and 
      provides a comprehensive line of banking, investment, mortgage, trust 
      and payment services products to consumers, businesses and institutions. 
      Visit U.S. Bancorp on the web at www.usbank.com.
    


Contacts

      U.S. BancorpDana E. Ripley, 612-303-3167MediaorSean 
      O’Connor, 612-303-0778Investors/Analysts
    















Contacts

      U.S. BancorpDana E. Ripley, 612-303-3167MediaorSean 
      O’Connor, 612-303-0778Investors/Analysts
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














ANDREW C CECERE - SAINT PAUL, MN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MN



SAINT PAUL



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            ANDREW C CECERE
                                    



 





















A 


ANDREW C CECERE
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



202 MEADOWOOD LN SAINT PAUL, MN 55127
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $74,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Andrew C Cecere is located at 202 Meadowood Ln in Saint Paul and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2009. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Andrew Cecere - LARGO, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



LARGO



Local Trucking, Without Storage



Timber Trucking, Local



                            Andrew Cecere
                                    



 





















A 


Andrew Cecere
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



8440 ULMERTON RD LARGO, FL 33771
Get Directions



(727) 239-7881





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $93,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Timber Trucking, Local
 Contacts Andrew Cecere







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Andrew Cecere is located at 8440 Ulmerton Rd in Largo and has been in the business of Timber Trucking, Local since 2007. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          
















Amazon.com: Books













 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks











































































Books Home


Shop by Category


More Ways to Shop




Books Home


Shop by Category


More Ways to Shop






Shop by Category



More Ways to Shop










Arts & Photography







Biographies & Memoirs







Children's Books







Cookbooks, Food & Wine







History







Literature & Fiction







Mystery & Suspense







Romance







Sci-Fi & Fantasy







Teens & Young Adult









Amazon Charts







Customer Favorites







100 Books to Read







Award Winners







From Page to Screen







Start a New Series







Book Club Picks







Kindle eBooks







Textbooks







Audible










Books Home
























































































More from the Amazon Book Editors












Best Books of the Month




  
  Top 10





  
  Literature & Fiction





  
  Kids & Teens Books





  
  Mystery & Thriller




See all categories










Celebrity Picks




  
  John Grisham





  
  William Shatner





  
  Dennis Lehane





  
  Greg Iles




See all Celebrity Picks










Summer Reading




  
  Fiction





  
  Beach reads





  
  New in Paperback




See all










Best Books of 2017 So Far




  
  Top 20





  
  Children's Books





  
  Literature & Fiction





  
  Mysteries & Thrillers




See all










Books Bestsellers

						See more
					




Previous page






The Silmarillion













	J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien




	
		Kindle Edition
	



2,080



$8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.99  








The Old Man













	Thomas Perry, Peter Berkrot...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



328



$27.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.95  








The Miracle of Dunkirk: The True...


Walter Lord

		Kindle Edition
	



238



$1.51  








From Sand and Ash


Amy Harmon

		Kindle Edition
	



1,417



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.49  








Everything We Keep: A Novel


Kerry Lonsdale

		Kindle Edition
	



10,552



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.99  








The Hangman's Daughter













	Oliver Pötzsch, Lee Chadeayne




	
		Kindle Edition
	



3,983



$18.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.49  








The Letter: The #1 Bestseller that...













	Kathryn Hughes




	
		Kindle Edition
	



2,054



$13.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








A Criminal Defense


Jr William L. Myers

		Kindle Edition
	



3,079



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








Ready Player One













	Ernest Cline, Wil Wheaton...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



12,540



$31.50 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $26.95  








Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel


Mark Sullivan

		Kindle Edition
	



5,778



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








The Storied Life of A. J. Fikry: A Novel


Gabrielle Zevin

		Kindle Edition
	



5,376



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.12  








Gwendy's Button Box


Stephen King, Richard Chizmar

		Kindle Edition
	



1,089



$25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.99  








The Passage: A Novel


Justin Cronin

		Kindle Edition
	



3,749



$18.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








Beautiful Broken Rules


Kimberly Lauren

		Kindle Edition
	



820



$12.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $0.99  








Foundation


Isaac Asimov

		Kindle Edition
	



2,260



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








The Dark Tower I: The Gunslinger













	Stephen King, George Guidall...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



3,144



$18.89 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.95  








Shogun (Asian Saga Book 1)


James Clavell

		Kindle Edition
	



1,329



$9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  


Next page












Books Hot New Releases

						See more
					




Previous page






Little Boy Lost


J. D. Trafford

		Kindle Edition
	



434



$4.99  








Stillhouse Lake


Rachel Caine

		Kindle Edition
	



3,031



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








The Late Show


Michael Connelly

		Kindle Edition
	



155



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








A Beautiful Poison


Lydia Kang

		Kindle Edition
	



286



$4.99  








Beautiful Mistake













	Vi Keeland, Jessica Royer Ocken




	
		Kindle Edition
	



291



$3.99  








Secondborn (Secondborn Series Book 1)


Amy A. Bartol

		Kindle Edition
	



572



$4.99  








The Sky Below: A True Story of...


Susy Flory, Scott Parazynski

		Kindle Edition
	



155



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Everything We Left Behind: A Novel


Kerry Lonsdale

		Kindle Edition
	



244



$4.99  








NO EXIT a gripping thriller full of...


TAYLOR ADAMS

		Kindle Edition
	



233



$2.99  








Fractured Love: A Standalone...


Ella James

		Kindle Edition
	



152



$0.99  








I Can't Make This Up: Life Lessons













	Kevin Hart, Neil Strauss - contributor...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



273



$29.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $25.95  








Swink


Adriana Locke

		Kindle Edition
	



283



$3.99  








Dangerous


Milo Yiannopoulos

		Hardcover
	



781



$30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.00  









Bullet Rain - A Nova Bartkowski Novel


Robert Swartwood

		Kindle Edition
	



39



$0.99  








The X-Files: Cold Cases













	Joe Harris, Chris Carter...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



15



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.95  








Fire & Ice: A Ménage Fantasy


Chance Carter

		Kindle Edition
	



407



$0.99  








The Man of Legends


Kenneth Johnson

		Kindle Edition
	



950



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Harem: An MFMM Romance


Alexis Angel, Abby Angel

		Kindle Edition
	



105



$0.99  








Country Nights


Winter Renshaw

		Kindle Edition
	



434



$0.99  








Camino Island: A Novel













	John Grisham, January LaVoy...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



1,820



$31.50 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $26.95  


Next page












Most Wished For in Books

						See more
					




Previous page






Before We Were Yours: A Novel


Lisa Wingate

		Kindle Edition
	



404



$26.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.99  








The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck...


Mark Manson

		Hardcover
	



1,595



$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.97  









Finding Your Colors: Fine Art Adult...


Hertz Nazaire

		Paperback
	



10



$9.99  









Harry Potter and the Prisoner of...













	J.K. Rowling, Jim Kay




	
		Hardcover
	

$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.99  









Astrophysics for People in a Hurry


Neil deGrasse Tyson

		Hardcover
	



793



$18.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.37  









Q&A a Day: 5-Year Journal


Potter Style

		Diary
	



1,427



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.63  









The Identicals: A Novel


Elin Hilderbrand

		Kindle Edition
	



318



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








Devil's Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald...


Joshua Green

		Kindle Edition
	



34



$13.99  








A Gentleman in Moscow: A Novel


Amor Towles

		Kindle Edition
	



3,476



$27.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.99  








The Missing Ones: An absolutely...


Patricia Gibney

		Kindle Edition
	



1,338



$11.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $0.99  








Quantum Physics for Babies


Chris Ferrie

		Board book
	



160



$9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.55  









Pandemic (The Extinction Files Book 1)


A.G. Riddle

		Kindle Edition
	



948



$19.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Rocket Science for Babies


Chris Ferrie

		Board book
	



12



$9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.77  









You Are a Badass: How to Stop...


Jen Sincero

		Paperback
	



2,577



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.63  



Next page












Most Gifted in Books

						See more
					




Previous page






First 100 Words


Roger Priddy

		Board book
	



6,921



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  









Blindsided: The True Story of One...


James L. Ferraro

		Hardcover
	



9



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.30  









Giraffes Can't Dance


Giles Andreae, Guy Parker-Rees

		Board book
	



3,048



$6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.33  









Dear Zoo: A Lift-the-Flap Book


Rod Campbell

		Board book
	



2,302



$6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.15  










Goodnight Moon













	Margaret Wise Brown, Clement Hurd




	
		Board book
	



2,934



$8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.32  









Puppy Birthday to You!













	Golden Books, Fabrizio Petrossi




	
		Hardcover
	



1,195



$4.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $3.92  










The Very Hungry Caterpillar


Eric Carle

		Board book
	



3,079



$10.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.86  










The Going-To-Bed Book


Sandra Boynton

		Board book
	



2,284



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  










Dr. Seuss's Happy Birthday, Baby!













	Dr. Seuss, Jan Gerardi




	
		Hardcover
	



459



$11.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  









Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?













	Bill Martin Jr., Eric Carle




	
		Board book
	



2,468



$7.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.85  









The Wonderful Things You Will Be













	Emily Winfield Martin




	
		Hardcover
	



1,185



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.13  









If Animals Kissed Good Night













	Ann Whitford Paul, David Walker




	
		Board book
	



876



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.06  









Chicka Chicka Boom Boom (Board Book)













	Bill Martin Jr., John Archambault...




	
		Board book
	



2,379



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.03  










Love You Forever


Robert Munsch, Sheila McGraw

		Paperback
	



5,956



$5.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  









Al Franken, Giant of the Senate


Al Franken

		Hardcover
	



821



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.76  










Dragons Love Tacos


Adam Rubin, Daniel Salmieri

		Hardcover
	



1,837



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.69  









She Persisted: 13 American Women Who...













	Chelsea Clinton, Alexandra Boiger




	
		Hardcover
	



253



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $15.59  










Little Blue Truck board book


Alice Schertle, Jill McElmurry

		Board book
	



3,235



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.15  









The Pout-Pout Fish


Deborah Diesen, Dan Hanna

		Board book
	



1,827



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.99  









Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family...













	J. D. Vance




	
		Hardcover
	



7,534



$27.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.79  



Next page





























































































































Popular in BooksAward WinnersBargain BooksBest Books of the MonthBest Books of 2017 So FarBooks in SpanishChildren's BooksDeals in BooksSummer ReadingMore in Books100 Books to Read in a LifetimeAmazon Book Review BlogAmazon Books on FacebookAmazon Books on TwitterAmazon KindleKindle eBooksKindle DealsKindle UnlimitedSpanish Kindle eBooksTextbooksTextbooks StoreTextbook RentalsSell Us Your BooksKindle eTextbooks 

Show results forNew ReleasesLast 30 daysLast 90 daysComing SoonBooksArts & PhotographyBiographies & MemoirsBusiness & MoneyCalendarsChildren's BooksChristian Books & BiblesComics & Graphic NovelsComputers & TechnologyCookbooks, Food & WineCrafts, Hobbies & HomeEducation & TeachingEngineering & TransportationGay & LesbianHealth, Fitness & DietingHistoryHumor & EntertainmentLawLiterature & FictionMedical BooksMystery, Thriller & SuspenseParenting & RelationshipsPolitics & Social SciencesReferenceReligion & SpiritualityRomanceScience & MathScience Fiction & FantasySelf-HelpSports & OutdoorsTeen & Young AdultTest PreparationTravelRefine byFormatPaperbackHardcoverKindle EditionLarge PrintAudible Audio EditionPrinted Access CodeDigital Access CodeLoose LeafAudio CDBoard BookKindle UnlimitedKindle Unlimited EligibleAuthorVi KeelandNora RobertsRachel CaineJames PattersonJames W. PattersonHoward RoughanLauren BlakelySee moreBook SeriesStillhouse Lake SeriesClassic NotebooksEverything We KeepThe Extinction FilesDetective Lottie ParkerWomen's Murder ClubSecondborn SeriesSee moreLanguageEnglishGermanFrenchSpanishRussianChineseJapaneseSee moreAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonAward WinnersCaldecott MedalMan Booker PrizeNational Book AwardNewbery MedalThe Pulitzer PrizeHugo & Nebula AwardsEisner AwardPackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingPromotionBargain BooksAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionUsedNewCollectibleAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock


Featured StoresFeatured StoresThe New York Times® Best SellersChina BooksLibros en EspañolStationery, Journals & Notebooks 




















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates



















Andrew Cecere | U.S. Bank | Email CEO @usbank.com CFO 















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL





















































 




                    U.S. Bank





usbank.com





800 Nicollet Mall                 
                 
Minneapolis, MN 55402
Phone: 651-466-3000
Fax: N/A










 





                        Ticker: USB 








Type:

                    Public                
Employees:

> 10000

Revenue: 

> 1 Billion

Industry:  
                    Finance->Banks                
SIC Code:  
                     6021  - National Commercial Banks
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











Show All 
360 Degree Feedback
Accounting
Accounting Software
Accounts Payable
Alumni Management
Apparel Management
Applicant Tracking
Application Development
Application Performance Management
Appointment Scheduling
Architectural Drafting
Assisted Living
Attendance Tracking
Auto Dealer
Aviation Maintenance
Billing and Invoicing
Budgeting
Bug Tracking
Business Continuity
Business Intelligence
Business Management
Business Performance Management
Business Process Management
Call Center
Car Rental
Catalog Management
Catering
Channel Management
Church Management
Claims Processing
Classroom Management
Clinical Trial Management
Club Management
CMMS
CMS
Code Enforcement
Commercial Loan
Commission
Compensation Management
Complaint Management
Compliance
Computer Security
Computer Simulation
Construction Accounting
Construction Estimating
Construction Management
Contact Management
Content Management
Contract Management
Courseware
Court Management
CPU
Currency Exchange
Customer Experience
Customer Loyalty
Customer Satisfaction
Customer Service
Data Center Management
Data Entry
Data Storage
Database Management
DB Systems
Debt Collection
Dental
Digital Asset Management
Digital Signage
Distribution
Donation Management
EDI
EHS Management
Electronic Data Capture
Electronic Discovery
Email Marketing
Energy Management
Event Management
Farm Management
Fashion Design and Production
Fax Server
Field Service Management
Financial CRM
Financial Risk Management
Fleet Management
Food Service Distribution
Food Service Management
Freight
Fundraising
Funeral Home
Hardware
Healthcare Management
Hedge Fund
Help Desk
Home Health Care
Hospitality Property Management
Human Resource
IDE
Idea Management
Inside Sales
Insurance Agency
Insurance Policy
Inventory Control
Investigation Management
Investment Management
Issue Tracking
IT Management
IT Service
IVR
Jewelry Store Management
JS Frameworks
JS Libraries
Kiosk
Knowledge Management
Law Enforcement
Law Practice Management
Lead Management
Learning Management System
Lease Management
Legal Case Management
Legal Document Management
Library Automation
Loan Origination
Logistics
Manufacturing Execution
Marketing Automation
Math Algebra Systems
Medical Billing
Medical Practice Management
Medical Scheduling
Medical Transcription
Membership Management
Mental Health
Mining
Mobile
Mobile Device Management
Mortgage and Loans
MRP
Network Monitoring
Network Security
Oil and Gas
Order Management
OS
Other
Patient Management
Payment Processing
Payroll
Pediatric
Performance Appraisal
Physical Security
Platform
Point of Sale
Portal
Print Estimating
Procurement
Product Configurator
Production Scheduling
Productivity
Professional Services Automation
Programming Languages
Public Housing
Publishing and Subscriptions
Quality Management
Quoting
Radiology
Real Estate Agency
Real Estate Property Management
Recruiting
Referral
Reservations
Restaurant Management
Risk Management
Scheduling
School Accounting
Server Software
Service Dispatch
Social Media Monitoring
Social Networking
Software Frameworks
SPC
Succession Planning
Supply Chain Management
Survey
Systems Integration
Task Management
Telephony
Ticketing
Time Tracking
Training
Video Editing








VMWare



VMWare
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Workflow Management



Workflow Management
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Voice of the Customer



Voice of the Customer
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Sign up to see all












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All Advertising
eCommerce










AppNexus
AppNexus






AspDotNetStorefront
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            July 19, 2017 - New Hire
 NameTitleDaniel WaniMarket Leader/Private Wealth Management in Arizona&Nevada
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Andrew Cecere                                    

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Terrance Dolan                                    

Title: Chief Financial Officer








Free Trial For Email


Finance

export









                                        Jennie Carlson                                    

Title: EVP HR








Free Trial For Email


Human Resources

export









                                        Susie Figueroa                                    

Title: Senior Loan Administrator/Assistant Vice President







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Vicki Mcfee                                    

Title: Ass't Vice President







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        David Sullivan                                    

Title: Vice President







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Salvatore Settineri                                    

Title: Senior Vice President







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Joseph Giordano                                    

Title: president








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Janet Lerch                                    

Title: Chief Continuity and Technology Risk Officer







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Katherine Quinn                                    

Title: Chief Administrative Officer








Free Trial For Email


Administration

export









                                        Lisa Wolf                                    

Title: VP - Integrated Marketing Manager







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Scott Bates                                    

Title: AVP Relationship Manager - Carrier Relations







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Mark Herman                                    

Title: SVP & Manager Commercial Lending








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        James Chosy                                    

Title: EVP/General Counsel/Corporate Secretary 








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Jean Gleason                                    

Title: Human Resources Business Partner







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Mark Runkel                                    

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer 








Free Trial For Email


Finance

export









                                        Manoj Sood                                    

Title: Enterprise Mobility Solutions Architect







                         No Email Avail                            
Operations

export









                                        Nitin Muttepawar                                    

Title: ETL Architect







                         No Email Avail                            
Operations

export









                                        Todd Mcnamara                                    

Title: Principal Network Architect







                         No Email Avail                            
Operations

export









                                        Frank Berger                                    

Title: Choral Director







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Jeffrey Miller                                    

Title: Senior Vice President - Finance Director







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Kevin Legler                                    

Title: Program Director, Regulatory Change Management







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Kevin                                     

Title: Head  Sales  Corporate Institutional Trust Services Division








Free Trial For Email


Sales - Marketing

export









                                        Bob Bruce                                    

Title: Information Security Engineer







                         No Email Avail                            
Technology

export









                                        Andrea Barboza                                    

Title: Assistant Vice President - SBA SAG







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        John Henschell                                    

Title: Senior Data Storage Specialist







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        Amy Brown                                    

Title: Vice President - Client Support Executive







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        Carolyn Gegg                                    

Title: Vice President Business Development Officer







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        David Baxter                                    

Title: Mortgage Loan Originator







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        Erik Porter                                    

Title: Sales Representative







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        Jeff Rulland                                    

Title: IS Risk and Compliance








Free Trial For Email


Other

export









                                        Jessica Brown                                    

Title: AVP, Event and Sales Strategist







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        Joel Brotman                                    

Title: V.P. Business Development Projects







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        Mike Bates                                    

Title: Mortgage Banker







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        Sandi Boller                                    

Title: Vice President - Human Resources







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        Vidya Subramani                                    

Title: Vice President Customer Experience Office







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        Joseph Monti                                    

Title: Senior Business Analyst - Contractor







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        Rudy Medina                                    

Title: President, Southern California Market







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        Mark Danielson                                    

Title: Sourcing Specialist, Elavon







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        Steven Heim                                    

Title: Assistant General Counsel







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export








Showing 1 to 
                40                                

                                    of 19883 entries            

 Free Trial to view full entries 







 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS

















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
U.S. Bank, a Banks company, is based in Minneapolis, MN. They can be reached through U.S. Bank email format addresses indicated on their Lead411 profile with a domain of @usbank.com.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@usbank.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Andrew Cecere
Trying to find Andrew Cecere's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out U.S. Bank's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @usbank.com contact information.  U.S. Bank is an organization centered in Minneapolis, MN, which you can find on Lead411 under the Banks category.  Andrew Cecere is their President and Chief Executive Officer .  Some possible email formats for Andrew Cecere are ACecere@usbank.com, Andrew.Cecere@usbank.com, Andrew@usbank.com, and Andrew_Cecere@usbank.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@usbank.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
West Bancorporation, Inc
West Bancorporation, Inc is a Rochester, MN-based company working within the Banks industry. You can find West Bancorporation, Inc email format addresses here with the domain @westbankiowa.com.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@westbankiowa.com addresses.
TCF Financial Corporation
Lead411 offers quality contact information on a variety of companies including that of TCF Financial Corporation's CEO Jennifer Thompson. The company profile also contains facebook info, linkedin accounts, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and TCF Financial Corporation email addresses with the domain format of @ir.tcfbank.com. TCF Financial Corporation, is in the Banks field.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ir.tcfbank.com addresses.
HMN Financial, Inc.
If you don't want to waste too much time looking for company information regarding Hmn Financial, Inc., a Banks company, check out their Lead411 profile. Our profiles have linkedin data, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and more. It contains helpful contact information regarding top company officials, including that of Hmn Financial, Inc.'s CEO Brad Krehbiel, and other Hmn Financial, Inc. email format addresses within the @hmnf.com domain. Hmn Financial, Inc. is based in Rochester, MN.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@hmnf.com addresses.




Company Directory > U.S. Bank




















 



U.S. Bank Promotes Andrew Cecere to Chief Operating Officer and Kathy Ashcraft Rogers to Chief Financial Officer | Business Wire
























































U.S. Bank Promotes Andrew Cecere to Chief Operating Officer and Kathy 
      Ashcraft Rogers to Chief Financial Officer






January 20, 2015 01:03 PM Eastern Standard Time



MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--U.S. Bank (NYSE: USB), the fifth largest bank in the United States, 
      announced today that Andrew Cecere, currently Vice Chairman and Chief 
      Financial Officer (CFO), has been promoted to Vice Chairman and Chief 
      Operating Officer (COO) and will be responsible for U.S. Bank’s core 
      lines of business: Consumer and Small Business Banking, Wholesale 
      Banking and Commercial Real Estate, Payment Services, and Wealth 
      Management and Securities Services. Cecere will continue to report to 
      Richard Davis, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, U.S. 
      Bank.
    


      “U.S. Bank believes in a comprehensive executive development process to 
      ensure that our leadership team has the breadth and depth of experience 
      required to execute on our plans to create value for customers and 
      shareholders,” said Davis. “Andy has demonstrated tremendous leadership 
      during his 30 years with U.S. Bank and we are confident in his ability 
      to manage our businesses effectively and execute our customer-focused 
      growth strategy. One of U.S. Bank’s core strengths is our continuity of 
      executive leadership, which has been established through a carefully 
      managed and time-tested process. Moving Andy into the COO role is an 
      example of that thoughtful and deliberate process.”
    

      Kathy Ashcraft Rogers, currently Executive Vice President, Business Line 
      Planning & Reporting, will succeed Cecere as Vice Chairman and Chief 
      Financial Officer. Rogers has been with U.S. Bank for 28 years and has 
      served in a variety of leadership roles within the Finance organization. 
      She will report to Davis and join the Managing Committee, which consists 
      of the 14 most senior leaders at U.S. Bank.
    

      Kate Quinn, Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Affairs, 
      U.S. Bank, has also been promoted and will join the Managing Committee 
      and report to Davis.
    

      “U.S. Bank creates value for its customers and shareholders by 
      developing and leveraging its internal executive talent, which is 
      highlighted by tenure, stability, and a commitment to preserving U.S. 
      Bank’s exceptional track record of financial performance,” Davis said. 
      “We are fortunate to have talented leaders, such as Kathy and Kate, to 
      promote from within and join our Managing Committee. They will play 
      critical roles as we execute on our vision for the future of U.S. Bank.”
    

      Cecere has been with U.S. Bank since 1985. He has served as Vice 
      Chairman and CFO since 2007. Prior to that, he served as Vice Chairman 
      of Wealth Management and Securities Services. He received his MBA from 
      the Carlson School of Business at the University of Minnesota and a 
      bachelor’s degree in business administration and finance from the 
      University of St. Thomas.
    

      Rogers has been with U.S. Bank since 1987. Rogers has been responsible 
      for Business Line Planning & Reporting, including the stress testing 
      process for U.S. Bank with the Federal Reserve Board, since 1998. She is 
      a graduate of Ohio State University.
    

      Quinn joined U.S. Bank in September 2013 and is responsible for 
      Strategy, Marketing, Government Relations, Customer Experience, 
      Analytics, Corporate Communications, Community Affairs, and the U.S. 
      Bank Foundation.
    

About U.S. Bank


      U.S. Bancorp (NYSE: USB), with $391 billion in assets as of September 
      30, 2014, is the parent company of U.S. Bank National Association, the 
      5th largest commercial bank in the United States. The Company operates 
      3,177 banking offices in 25 states and 5,026 ATMs and provides a 
      comprehensive line of banking, brokerage, insurance, investment, 
      mortgage, trust and payment services products to consumers, businesses 
      and institutions. Visit U.S. Bancorp on the web at usbank.com.
    


Contacts

U.S. BankDana E. Ripley, 612-303-3167MediaorSean 
      O’Connor, 612-303-0778Investors/Analysts
















Contacts

U.S. BankDana E. Ripley, 612-303-3167MediaorSean 
      O’Connor, 612-303-0778Investors/Analysts







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up
















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Mr. Andrew Cecere - Attorney in Richmond, IN - Lawyer.com























Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!








                    Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involves.                                          
                    Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.
                




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                            Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                            Terms of Use, and 
                             Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                            
















IndianaRichmondAndrew Cecere


Mr. Andrew C. Cecere








Andrew C. Cecere 
                                    



General Practice




Status:
Inactive


Licensed:
68 years














Kings Row
47374
Richmond
IN









                                Profile LAWPOINTS™12/100
                            



                        No Misconduct Found✓


                        Reviews Pro Bono Cases✓


Upgrade to a premium listing


Update your listing




LAWYERID™Not Available





















                    Contact Mr.  Cecere















Briefly Describe Your Case:










Your Contact Info:








Your Case Location:



  FREE: Also send inquiry to other qualified local Lawyers.











                By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                Terms of Use, and 
                 Privacy Policy.  Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                



                                                  Submit
                                                










×Close
Would you like us to contact more lawyers?



Click below to submit your inquiry to more local lawyers (for free!).Save time, get options, and find the perfect match!

Send to Local Lawyers
No, Thanks, I only want Andrew C. Cecere .









TOP LOCAL LAWYERS










Theodore Gerard Gudorf
Estate, Wills & Probate, Estate Planning, Trusts, Estate Administration
Dayton, OH 45415 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT




Andrew Tobergte
Accident & Injury, Personal Injury, Workers' Compensation, Car Accident, Criminal
Hamilton, OH 45011 (Butler County)





CONTACT




Jared Wagner
Government, Civil & Human Rights, Accident & Injury, Real Estate, Business
Dayton, OH 45402 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT








Brian A Sommers
Divorce & Family Law, Divorce, Child Custody, Family Law, Child Support
Dayton, OH 45402 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT




Sam G. Caras
Accident & Injury, Insurance, Medical Malpractice, Slip & Fall Accident, Wrongful Death
Dayton, OH 45402 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT




Scott Allen Kramer
Bankruptcy & Debt
Dayton, OH 45402 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT








John Paul Rieser
Bankruptcy & Debt, Estate, Business, Lawsuit & Dispute, Real Estate
Dayton, OH 45459 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT




Dianne Frances Marx
Litigation, Contract, Estate, Accident & Injury, Business Organization
Dayton, OH 45459 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT




Aaron Paul Hartley
Divorce & Family Law, Divorce, Family Law, Child Custody, Custody & Visitation
Dayton, OH 45429 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT








Gregory S. Page
Construction, Business, Real Estate, Estate, Commercial Real Estate
Dayton, OH 45459 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT




Michael A Sheets
Criminal, Divorce & Family Law, Estate, Accident & Injury, Juvenile Law
Dayton, OH 45432 (Greene County)





CONTACT




Charles F. Braddock
Estate, Bankruptcy & Debt, Divorce & Family Law, Business, Tax
Anderson, IN 46016 (Madison County)





CONTACT











Admission






State / Court
Date




Indiana
1949






Additional Info



IN State Lawyer Additional Information:
Status Date: 10/14/2004
Service Type:General


Update Date:2016-06-23




Lawyer Badges


















39.846248,-84.904012













MAIN LOCATION


Kings RowRichmond, IN 47374




SAMPLE LEGAL CASES



President Trump States That He Would Stick With List of Potential Nominees for Future SCOTUS Vacancy

                    President Donald Trump told the Washington Times in an interview that in the event another Supreme Court seat opens, he would pick a nominee from his campaign list of potential nominees.
                




CLIENT APPRECIATION EVENT 2017 – MARK YOUR CALENDARS!

                    MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
                


















                                         
                                    








QuickSearch 
                                                            




near





                                                                            GO
                                                                        







Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                                                    My Account



                                                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:





Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful DeathBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Power of Attorney     Trusts     Wills & ProbateGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate   Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney




Location:



                                                                             miles
                                                                            

Search









Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources









Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan

Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money withaffordable family legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protectionand more!




 

See All Benefits
» Join Now







Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International







My Account Details

Member Login Page
Forgot Password?
New user? Sign Up



Log in to Lawyer.com







Log in








Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog

























Indiana Lawyer - Lawyer.com


















Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!






 
                              Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involoves. Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                  Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                  Terms of Use, and 
                                   Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                                




















Indiana Lawyer






                  Indiana Lawyer                





CITYCOUNTYView all Indiana  Lawyers or browse by county.Adams CountyBerneDecaturGenevaLinn GroveMonroePleasant MillsPrebleAllen CountyArcolaFort WayneGrabillHarlanHoaglandHuntertownLeoMonroevilleNew HavenSpencervilleWoodburnYoderZanesvilleBartholomew CountyCliffordColumbusElizabethtownGrammerHartsvilleHopeJonesvilleTaylorsvilleBenton CountyAmbiaBoswellEarl ParkFowlerOtterbeinOxfordTalbotTempletonBlackford CountyHartford CityMontpelierBoone CountyAdvanceJamestownLebanonThorntownWhitestownZionsvilleBrown CountyHelmsburgNashvilleCarroll CountyBringhurstBurlingtonBurrowsCamdenCutlerDelphiFloraRockfieldYeomanCass CountyGalvestonLake CicottLogansportLucerneNew WaverlyOnwardRoyal CenterTwelve MileWaltonYoung AmericaClark CountyBethlehemBordenCharlestownClarksvilleHenryvilleJeffersonvilleMarysvilleMemphisNabbNew WashingtonOtiscoSellersburgClay CountyBowling GreenBrazilCarbonCenterpointClay CityCoalmontCoryHarmonyKnightsvilleStauntonClinton CountyColfaxForestFrankfortKirklinMichigantownMulberryRossvilleSedaliaCrawford CountyEckertyEnglishGrantsburgLeavenworthMarengoMilltownSulphurTaswellDaviess CountyCannelburgElnoraMontgomeryOdonPlainvilleWashingtonDe Kalb CountyAshleyAuburnButlerCorunnaGarrettSaint JoeWaterlooDearborn CountyAuroraDillsboroGuilfordLawrenceburgMoores HillWest HarrisonDecatur CountyClarksburgGreensburgMillhousenNew PointSaint PaulWestportDelaware CountyAlbanyDalevilleEatonGastonMuncieOakvilleSelmaYorktownDubois CountyBirdseyeCelestineDuboisFerdinandHollandHuntingburgIrelandJasperSaint AnthonySchnellvilleElkhart CountyBristolElkhartGoshenMiddleburyMillersburgNappaneeNew ParisWakarusaFayette CountyBentonvilleConnersvilleGlenwoodFloyd CountyFloyds KnobsGeorgetownGreenvilleMount Saint FrancisNew AlbanyFountain CountyAtticaCovingtonHillsboroKingmanMellottNewtownVeedersburgWallaceFranklin CountyBathBrookvilleCedar GroveLaurelMetamoraNew TrentonOldenburgFulton CountyAkronAthensDelongFultonGrass CreekKewannaLeiters FordRochesterGibson CountyBuckskinFort BranchFranciscoHaubstadtHazletonMackeyOakland CityOwensvillePatokaPrincetonSomervilleGrant CountyFairmountFowlertonGas CityJonesboroMarionMatthewsSwayzeeSweetserUplandVan BurenGreene CountyBloomfieldJasonvilleKoleenLintonLyonsMidlandNewberryOwensburgScotlandSolsberrySwitz CityWorthingtonHamilton CountyArcadiaAtlantaCarmelCiceroFishersIndianapolisNoblesvilleSheridanWestfieldHancock CountyCharlottesvilleFinlyFortvilleGreenfieldMaxwellMc CordsvilleNew PalestineWilkinsonHarrison CountyBradfordCentralCorydonCrandallDepauwElizabethLaconiaLanesvilleMauckportNew MiddletownNew SalisburyPalmyraRamseyHendricks CountyAmoAvonBrownsburgClaytonDanvilleLiztonNorth SalemPittsboroPlainfieldStilesvilleHenry CountyDunreithGreensboroKennardKnightstownLewisvilleMiddletownMoorelandMount SummitNew CastleNew LisbonShirleySpicelandSpringportStraughnSulphur SpringsHoward CountyGreentownHemlockKokomoOakfordRussiavilleWest MiddletonHuntington CountyAndrewsBippusHuntingtonRoanokeWarrenJackson CountyBrownstownCortlandCrothersvilleFreetownKurtzMedoraNormanSeymourValloniaJasper CountyDemotteFair OaksRemingtonRensselaerTefftWheatfieldJay CountyBryantDunkirkPennvillePortlandRedkeySalamoniaJefferson CountyCanaanDeputyDupontHanoverMadisonJennings CountyButlervilleCommiskeyHaydenNorth VernonParis CrossingScipioVernonJohnson CountyBargersvilleEdinburghFranklinGreenwoodNeedhamNinevehTrafalgarWhitelandKnox CountyBicknellBrucevilleDeckerEdwardsportFreelandvilleMonroe CityOaktownRagsdaleSandbornVincennesWestphaliaWheatlandKosciusko CountyAtwoodBurketClaypoolEtna GreenLeesburgMentoneMilfordNorth WebsterPiercetonSilver LakeSyracuseWarsawWinona LakeLa Porte CountyHannaKingsburyKingsford HeightsLa CrosseLa PorteMichigan CityMill CreekRolling PrairieUnion MillsWanatahWestvilleLagrange CountyHoweLagrangeMongoShipshewanaSouth MilfordStrohTopekaWolcottvilleLake CountyCedar LakeCrown PointDyerEast ChicagoGaryGriffithHammondHighlandHobartLake StationLeroyLowellMerrillvilleMunsterSaint JohnScherervilleSchneiderShelbyWhitingLawrence CountyAvocaBedfordFort RitnerHeltonvilleHuronMitchellOoliticSpringvilleTunneltonWilliamsMadison CountyAlexandriaAndersonElwoodFranktonIngallsLapelMarklevilleOrestesPendletonSummitvilleMarion CountyBeech GroveIndianapolisWest NewtonMarshall CountyArgosBourbonBremenCulverDonaldsonLapazPlymouthTippecanoeTynerMartin CountyCraneLoogooteeShoalsMiami CountyAmboyBunker HillConverseDeedsvilleDenverGrissom ArbMacyMexicoMiamiPeruMonroe CountyBloomingtonClear CreekEllettsvilleHarrodsburgSmithvilleStanfordStinesvilleUnionvilleMontgomery CountyAlamoCrawfordsvilleDarlingtonLadogaLindenNew MarketNew RichmondNew RossWavelandWaynetownWingateMorgan CountyBrooklynCambyEminenceMartinsvilleMonroviaMooresvilleMorgantownParagonNewton CountyBrookGoodlandKentlandLake VillageMoroccoMount AyrRoselawnSumava ResortsThayerNoble CountyAlbionAvillaCromwellKendallvilleKimmellLaottoLigonierRome CityWawakaWolflakeOhio CountyRising SunOrange CountyFrench LickOrleansPaoliWest Baden SpringsOwen CountyCoal CityFreedomGosportPatricksburgPolandQuincySpencerParke CountyBellmoreBloomingdaleBridgetonMarshallMeccaMontezumaRockvilleRosedalePerry CountyBranchvilleBristowCanneltonDerbyLeopoldRomeSaint CroixTell CityPike CountyOtwellPetersburgSpurgeonStendalVelpenWinslowPorter CountyBeverly ShoresBoone GroveChestertonHebronKoutsPortageValparaisoWheelerPosey CountyCynthianaGriffinMount VernonNew HarmonyPoseyvilleWadesvillePulaski CountyFrancesvilleMedaryvilleMontereyStar CityWinamacPutnam CountyBainbridgeCloverdaleCoatesvilleFillmoreGreencastlePutnamvilleReelsvilleRoachdaleRussellvilleRandolph CountyFarmlandLosantvilleLynnModocParker CityRidgevilleSaratogaUnion CityWinchesterRipley CountyBatesvilleCross PlainsFriendshipHoltonMilanMorrisNapoleonOsgoodPiercevilleSunmanVersaillesRush CountyArlingtonCarthageFalmouthHomerManillaMaysMilroyRushvilleScott CountyAustinLexingtonScottsburgUnderwoodShelby CountyBoggstownFairlandFlat RockFountaintownGwynnevilleMorristownShelbyvilleWaldronSpencer CountyChrisneyDaleEvanstonFuldaGentryvilleGrandviewHatfieldLamarLincoln CityMariah HillRichlandRockportSaint MeinradSanta ClausTroySt Joseph CountyGrangerLakevilleMishawakaNew CarlisleNorth LibertyNotre DameOsceolaSouth BendWalkertonWyattStarke CountyGrovertownHamletKnoxNorth JudsonOraSan PierreSteuben CountyAngolaFremontHamiltonHudsonOrlandPleasant LakeSullivan CountyCarlisleDuggerFairbanksFarmersburgGraysvilleHymeraMeromPaxtonShelburnSullivanSwitzerland CountyBenningtonEast EnterpriseFlorencePatriotVevayTippecanoe CountyBattle GroundBuck CreekClarks HillDaytonLafayetteMontmorenciRomneyStockwellWest LafayetteWestpointTipton CountyGoldsmithHobbsKemptonSharpsvilleTiptonWindfallUnion CountyBrownsvilleLibertyWest College CornerVanderburgh CountyEvansvilleInglefieldVermillion CountyBlanfordCayugaClintonDanaHillsdaleNewportPerrysvilleSaint BerniceUniversalVigo CountyFontanetLewisNew GoshenPimentoPrairie CreekPrairietonRileySaint Mary Of The WoodsSeelyvilleShepardsvilleTerre HauteWest Terre HauteWabash CountyLa FontaineLagroLaketonLiberty MillsNorth ManchesterRoannServiaSomersetUrbanaWabashWarren CountyPine VillageState LineWest LebanonWilliamsportWarrick CountyBoonvilleChandlerElberfeldFolsomvilleLynnvilleNewburghTennysonWashington CountyCampbellsburgFredericksburgHardinsburgLittle YorkPekinSalemWayne CountyBostonCambridge CityCentervilleDublinEconomyFountain CityGreens ForkHagerstownMiltonPershingRichmondWebsterWilliamsburgWells CountyBlufftonCraigvilleKeystoneLiberty CenterMarkleOssianPetroleumPonetoUniondaleWhite CountyBrookstonBuffaloBurnettsvilleChalmersIdavilleMononMonticelloReynoldsWolcottWhitley CountyChurubuscoColumbia CityLarwillSouth WhitleyView all Indiana  Lawyers or browse by county.Lawyers in Major Cities in IndianaAndersonBloomingtonEvansvilleFort WayneIndianapolisLafayetteMuncieSouth BendTerre HauteAll CITIESAAdvanceAkronAlamoAlbanyAlbionAlexandriaAmbiaAmboyAmoAndersonAndrewsAngolaArcadiaArcolaArgosArlingtonAshleyAthensAtlantaAtticaAtwoodAuburnAuroraAustinAvillaAvocaAvonBBainbridgeBargersvilleBatesvilleBathBattle GroundBedfordBeech GroveBellmoreBenningtonBentonvilleBerneBethlehemBeverly ShoresBicknellBippusBirdseyeBlanfordBloomfieldBloomingdaleBloomingtonBlufftonBoggstownBoone GroveBoonvilleBordenBostonBoswellBourbonBowling GreenBradfordBranchvilleBrazilBremenBridgetonBringhurstBristolBristowBrookBrooklynBrookstonBrookvilleBrownsburgBrownstownBrownsvilleBrucevilleBryantBuck CreekBuckskinBuffaloBunker HillBurketBurlingtonBurnettsvilleBurrowsButlerButlervilleCCambridge CityCambyCamdenCampbellsburgCanaanCannelburgCanneltonCarbonCarlisleCarmelCarthageCayugaCedar GroveCedar LakeCelestineCenterpointCentervilleCentralChalmersChandlerCharlestownCharlottesvilleChestertonChrisneyChurubuscoCiceroClarks HillClarksburgClarksvilleClay CityClaypoolClaytonClear CreekCliffordClintonCloverdaleCoal CityCoalmontCoatesvilleColfaxColumbia CityColumbusCommiskeyConnersvilleConverseCortlandCorunnaCoryCorydonCovingtonCraigvilleCrandallCraneCrawfordsvilleCromwellCross PlainsCrothersvilleCrown PointCulverCutlerCynthianaDDaleDalevilleDanaDanvilleDarlingtonDaytonDecaturDeckerDeedsvilleDelongDelphiDemotteDenverDepauwDeputyDerbyDillsboroDonaldsonDublinDuboisDuggerDunkirkDunreithDupontDyerEEarl ParkEast ChicagoEast EnterpriseEatonEckertyEconomyEdinburghEdwardsportElberfeldElizabethElizabethtownElkhartEllettsvilleElnoraElwoodEminenceEnglishEtna GreenEvanstonEvansvilleFFair OaksFairbanksFairlandFairmountFalmouthFarmersburgFarmlandFerdinandFillmoreFinlyFishersFlat RockFloraFlorenceFloyds KnobsFolsomvilleFontanetForestFort BranchFort RitnerFort WayneFortvilleFountain CityFountaintownFowlerFowlertonFrancesvilleFranciscoFrankfortFranklinFranktonFredericksburgFreedomFreelandvilleFreetownFremontFrench LickFriendshipFuldaFultonGGalvestonGarrettGaryGas CityGastonGenevaGentryvilleGeorgetownGlenwoodGoldsmithGoodlandGoshenGosportGrabillGrammerGrandviewGrangerGrantsburgGrass CreekGraysvilleGreencastleGreenfieldGreens ForkGreensboroGreensburgGreentownGreenvilleGreenwoodGriffinGriffithGrissom ArbGrovertownGuilfordGwynnevilleHHagerstownHamiltonHamletHammondHannaHanoverHardinsburgHarlanHarmonyHarrodsburgHartford CityHartsvilleHatfieldHaubstadtHaydenHazletonHebronHelmsburgHeltonvilleHemlockHenryvilleHighlandHillsboroHillsdaleHoaglandHobartHobbsHollandHoltonHomerHopeHoweHudsonHuntertownHuntingburgHuntingtonHuronHymeraIIdavilleIndianapolisIngallsInglefieldIrelandJJamestownJasonvilleJasperJeffersonvilleJonesboroJonesvilleKKemptonKendallvilleKennardKentlandKewannaKeystoneKimmellKingmanKingsburyKingsford HeightsKirklinKnightstownKnightsvilleKnoxKokomoKoleenKoutsKurtzLLa CrosseLa FontaineLa PorteLaconiaLadogaLafayetteLagrangeLagroLake CicottLake StationLake VillageLaketonLakevilleLamarLanesvilleLaottoLapazLapelLarwillLaurelLawrenceburgLeavenworthLebanonLeesburgLeiters FordLeoLeopoldLeroyLewisLewisvilleLexingtonLibertyLiberty CenterLiberty MillsLigonierLincoln CityLindenLinn GroveLintonLittle YorkLiztonLogansportLoogooteeLosantvilleLowellLucerneLynnLynnvilleLyonsMMackeyMacyMadisonManillaMarengoMariah HillMarionMarkleMarklevilleMarshallMartinsvilleMarysvilleMatthewsMauckportMaxwellMaysMc CordsvilleMeccaMedaryvilleMedoraMellottMemphisMentoneMeromMerrillvilleMetamoraMexicoMiamiMichigan CityMichigantownMiddleburyMiddletownMidlandMilanMilfordMill CreekMillersburgMillhousenMilltownMilroyMiltonMishawakaMitchellModocMongoMononMonroeMonroe CityMonroevilleMonroviaMontereyMontezumaMontgomeryMonticelloMontmorenciMontpelierMoorelandMoores HillMooresvilleMorgantownMoroccoMorrisMorristownMount AyrMount Saint FrancisMount SummitMount VernonMulberryMuncieMunsterNNabbNapoleonNappaneeNashvilleNeedhamNew AlbanyNew CarlisleNew CastleNew GoshenNew HarmonyNew HavenNew LisbonNew MarketNew MiddletownNew PalestineNew ParisNew PointNew RichmondNew RossNew SalisburyNew TrentonNew WashingtonNew WaverlyNewberryNewburghNewportNewtownNinevehNoblesvilleNormanNorth JudsonNorth LibertyNorth ManchesterNorth SalemNorth VernonNorth WebsterNotre DameOOakfordOakland CityOaktownOakvilleOdonOldenburgOnwardOoliticOraOrestesOrlandOrleansOsceolaOsgoodOssianOtiscoOtterbeinOtwellOwensburgOwensvilleOxfordPPalmyraPaoliParagonParis CrossingParker CityPatokaPatricksburgPatriotPaxtonPekinPendletonPennvillePerrysvillePershingPeruPetersburgPetroleumPiercetonPiercevillePimentoPine VillagePittsboroPlainfieldPlainvillePleasant LakePleasant MillsPlymouthPolandPonetoPortagePortlandPoseyvillePrairie CreekPrairietonPreblePrincetonPutnamvilleQQuincyRRagsdaleRamseyRedkeyReelsvilleRemingtonRensselaerReynoldsRichlandRichmondRidgevilleRileyRising SunRoachdaleRoannRoanokeRochesterRockfieldRockportRockvilleRolling PrairieRomeRome CityRomneyRosedaleRoselawnRossvilleRoyal CenterRushvilleRussellvilleRussiavilleSSaint AnthonySaint BerniceSaint CroixSaint JoeSaint JohnSaint Mary Of The WoodsSaint MeinradSaint PaulSalamoniaSalemSan PierreSandbornSanta ClausSaratogaScherervilleSchneiderSchnellvilleScipioScotlandScottsburgSedaliaSeelyvilleSellersburgSelmaServiaSeymourSharpsvilleShelburnShelbyShelbyvilleShepardsvilleSheridanShipshewanaShirleyShoalsSilver LakeSmithvilleSolsberrySomersetSomervilleSouth BendSouth MilfordSouth WhitleySpencerSpencervilleSpicelandSpringportSpringvilleSpurgeonStanfordStar CityState LineStauntonStendalStilesvilleStinesvilleStockwellStraughnStrohSullivanSulphurSulphur SpringsSumava ResortsSummitvilleSunmanSwayzeeSweetserSwitz CitySyracuseTTalbotTaswellTaylorsvilleTefftTell CityTempletonTennysonTerre HauteThayerThorntownTippecanoeTiptonTopekaTrafalgarTroyTunneltonTwelve MileTynerUUnderwoodUnion CityUnion MillsUniondaleUnionvilleUniversalUplandUrbanaVValloniaValparaisoVan BurenVeedersburgVelpenVernonVersaillesVevayVincennesWWabashWadesvilleWakarusaWaldronWalkertonWallaceWaltonWanatahWarrenWarsawWashingtonWaterlooWavelandWawakaWaynetownWebsterWest Baden SpringsWest College CornerWest HarrisonWest LafayetteWest LebanonWest MiddletonWest NewtonWest Terre HauteWestfieldWestphaliaWestpointWestportWestvilleWheatfieldWheatlandWheelerWhitelandWhitestownWhitingWilkinsonWilliamsWilliamsburgWilliamsportWinamacWinchesterWindfallWingateWinona LakeWinslowWolcottWolcottvilleWolflakeWoodburnWorthingtonWyattYYeomanYoderYorktownYoung AmericaZZanesvilleZionsville









 800-923-0641


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690











Call me for fastest results!800-943-8690


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690


























                               By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                Terms of Use, and 
                                 Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                             




















TIPSLawyer.com makes finding Indiana Lawyers fast and easy. Search for an attorney in Indiana by top Indiana cities or by your specific city. Or search for Indiana attorneys by county. Or refine your search for Indiana lawyers by legal practice area.  Find a quality and affordable lawyer by reviewing detail profiles for Indiana attorneys. Many Lawyer.com featured Lawyers in Indiana will offer free legal consultations and all have Indiana law expertise.




PRACTICE AREAS


Accident & InjuryBankruptcy & DebtBusinessCivil & Human RightsConsumer RightsCriminalDivorce & Family LawEmploymentEnvironmental LawEstateGovernmentHealth CareImmigrationIndustry SpecialtiesIntellectual PropertyInternationalLawsuit & DisputeMotor VehicleReal EstateTaxOther 















  
    








QuickSearch
                         
                        


 near 

 

                          GO
                        









Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                    My Account



                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:






Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Wrongful Death     Workers' CompensationBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Trusts     Wills & Probate     Power of AttorneyGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate     Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney





Location:

miles
                                          


Search










Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources








Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan


Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money with affordablefamily legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protection and more!




See All Benefits
» Join Now








Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International








My Account Details

Member Login PageForgot Password?New user? Sign Up 










Login









Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog




























Lawyer.com - Richmond Lawyer


















Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!






 
                              Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involoves. Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                  Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                  Terms of Use, and 
                                   Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                                




















Indiana / Richmond Lawyer






                  Richmond Lawyer, Indiana                







  SPONSORED LAWYERS

1-10 of 98 matches. Page 1 of 10   





Stephen L HunyadiAdoption, Bankruptcy, Criminal, Farms, DUI-DWI
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 244 South 5th Street, Richmond, IN 47374 Profile LAWPOINTS™41/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Jeffrey Todd ArnoldAdoption, Child Support, Construction, Criminal, Farms
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 410 South D Street, Richmond, IN 47374 Profile LAWPOINTS™36/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Terry  O'MaleyCriminal, Divorce & Family Law, Estate, Personal Injury, Litigation
Status:  In Good Standing           Licensed:  37 Years
CONTACT

 27 North Eighth Street, Richmond, IN 47374 Profile LAWPOINTS™61/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Ronald J MooreCriminal, Family Law, Personal Injury
Status:  In Good Standing           Licensed:  20 Years
CONTACT

 13 South 3rd St., Richmond, IN 47374 Profile LAWPOINTS™32/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers




Wayne  GreesonBankruptcy & Debt, Accident & Injury, Business, Estate, Real Estate Other
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 2203 East Main Street, Richmond, IN 47374 Profile LAWPOINTS™32/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

John Milton SayreGeneral Practice
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 1050 N J Street, Richmond, IN 47374 Profile LAWPOINTS™29/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Kirk Alan WeikartGeneral Practice
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 1050 North J Street, Richmond, IN 47374 Profile LAWPOINTS™29/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Andrew John SickmannGeneral Practice
Status:  In Good Standing           Licensed:  6 Years
CONTACT

 27 North 8Th St., Richmond, IN 47374 Profile LAWPOINTS™27/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Ronald Lloyd CrossGeneral Practice
Status:  In Good Standing           Licensed:  42 Years
CONTACT

 27 N. 8Th Street, Richmond, IN 47374 Profile LAWPOINTS™27/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Robert G. BurtonGeneral Practice
Status:  In Good Standing           Licensed:  55 Years
CONTACT

 25 North Seventh St, Richmond, IN 47374 Profile LAWPOINTS™26/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers










 800-923-0641


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690











Call me for fastest results!800-943-8690


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690


























                               By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                Terms of Use, and 
                                 Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                             






















 
TIPSLawyer.com makes finding Richmond Lawyers fast and easy. Refine your search for Richmond lawyers by legal practice area. Find a quality and affordable lawyer by reviewing detail profiles for Richmond attorneys. Many Lawyer.com featured Lawyers in Indiana will offer free legal consultations and all have Indiana law expertise.

SAMPLE LEGAL CASES


Miller v. Bernard... per 5 milliliters. Id. The designated evidence is clear that HPLC is the method
 recommended by the USP and approved by the FDA for quantitative 696 analysis
 of promethazine hydrochloride in a pharmaceutical product. Id. ...
COBBUM v. Town of Cromwell... 7. That the Court finds that the Cromwell Zoning Code defines Agriculture in Section 2 thereof
 as follows: "The primary use of a tract of land for growing or production of field crops, livestock,
 and livestock products, including the harvesting, storage and primary processing of ...
Landau v. City of Indianapolis... Adams's testimony regarding her bruises was corroborated by the testimony of the Animal Control
 officer that the bruises were still visible nearly one week later. Even if Adams's wounds did not
 result from a dog bite, they were an injury resulting from a dog attack as those terms ... 



SORT BY:- Distance- Name- Location- LAWPOINTS™

FILTER BY:


Free Consultation
Male
Female
Suspended




PRACTICE AREAS


Accident & InjuryBankruptcy & DebtBusinessCivil & Human RightsConsumer RightsCriminalDivorce & Family LawEmploymentEnvironmental LawEstateGovernmentHealth CareImmigrationIndustry SpecialtiesIntellectual PropertyInternationalLawsuit & DisputeMotor VehicleReal EstateTaxOther 



NEARBY CITY SUGGESTIONS

AndersonBloomingtonEvansvilleFort WayneIndianapolisLafayetteMuncieSouth BendTerre Haute













  
    








QuickSearch
                         
                        


 near 

 

                          GO
                        









Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                    My Account



                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:






Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Wrongful Death     Workers' CompensationBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Trusts     Wills & Probate     Power of AttorneyGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate     Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney





Location:

miles
                                          


Search










Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources








Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan


Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money with affordablefamily legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protection and more!




See All Benefits
» Join Now








Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International








My Account Details

Member Login PageForgot Password?New user? Sign Up 










Login









Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog




























Mr. Andrew Cecere - Attorney in Richmond, IN - Lawyer.com























Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!








                    Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involves.                                          
                    Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.
                




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                            Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                            Terms of Use, and 
                             Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                            
















IndianaRichmondAndrew Cecere


Mr. Andrew C. Cecere








Andrew C. Cecere 
                                    



General Practice




Status:
Inactive


Licensed:
68 years














Kings Row
47374
Richmond
IN









                                Profile LAWPOINTS™12/100
                            



                        No Misconduct Found✓


                        Reviews Pro Bono Cases✓


Upgrade to a premium listing


Update your listing




LAWYERID™Not Available





















                    Contact Mr.  Cecere















Briefly Describe Your Case:










Your Contact Info:








Your Case Location:



  FREE: Also send inquiry to other qualified local Lawyers.











                By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                Terms of Use, and 
                 Privacy Policy.  Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                



                                                  Submit
                                                










×Close
Would you like us to contact more lawyers?



Click below to submit your inquiry to more local lawyers (for free!).Save time, get options, and find the perfect match!

Send to Local Lawyers
No, Thanks, I only want Andrew C. Cecere .









TOP LOCAL LAWYERS










Theodore Gerard Gudorf
Estate, Wills & Probate, Estate Planning, Trusts, Estate Administration
Dayton, OH 45415 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT




Andrew Tobergte
Accident & Injury, Personal Injury, Workers' Compensation, Car Accident, Criminal
Hamilton, OH 45011 (Butler County)





CONTACT




Jared Wagner
Government, Civil & Human Rights, Accident & Injury, Real Estate, Business
Dayton, OH 45402 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT








Brian A Sommers
Divorce & Family Law, Divorce, Child Custody, Family Law, Child Support
Dayton, OH 45402 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT




Sam G. Caras
Accident & Injury, Insurance, Medical Malpractice, Slip & Fall Accident, Wrongful Death
Dayton, OH 45402 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT




Scott Allen Kramer
Bankruptcy & Debt
Dayton, OH 45402 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT








John Paul Rieser
Bankruptcy & Debt, Estate, Business, Lawsuit & Dispute, Real Estate
Dayton, OH 45459 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT




Dianne Frances Marx
Litigation, Contract, Estate, Accident & Injury, Business Organization
Dayton, OH 45459 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT




Aaron Paul Hartley
Divorce & Family Law, Divorce, Family Law, Child Custody, Custody & Visitation
Dayton, OH 45429 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT








Gregory S. Page
Construction, Business, Real Estate, Estate, Commercial Real Estate
Dayton, OH 45459 (Montgomery County)





CONTACT




Michael A Sheets
Criminal, Divorce & Family Law, Estate, Accident & Injury, Juvenile Law
Dayton, OH 45432 (Greene County)





CONTACT




Charles F. Braddock
Estate, Bankruptcy & Debt, Divorce & Family Law, Business, Tax
Anderson, IN 46016 (Madison County)





CONTACT











Admission






State / Court
Date




Indiana
1949






Additional Info



IN State Lawyer Additional Information:
Status Date: 10/14/2004
Service Type:General


Update Date:2016-06-23




Lawyer Badges


















39.846248,-84.904012













MAIN LOCATION


Kings RowRichmond, IN 47374




SAMPLE LEGAL CASES



President Trump States That He Would Stick With List of Potential Nominees for Future SCOTUS Vacancy

                    President Donald Trump told the Washington Times in an interview that in the event another Supreme Court seat opens, he would pick a nominee from his campaign list of potential nominees.
                




CLIENT APPRECIATION EVENT 2017 – MARK YOUR CALENDARS!

                    MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
                


















                                         
                                    








QuickSearch 
                                                            




near





                                                                            GO
                                                                        







Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                                                    My Account



                                                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:





Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful DeathBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Power of Attorney     Trusts     Wills & ProbateGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate   Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney




Location:



                                                                             miles
                                                                            

Search









Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources









Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan

Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money withaffordable family legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protectionand more!




 

See All Benefits
» Join Now







Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International







My Account Details

Member Login Page
Forgot Password?
New user? Sign Up



Log in to Lawyer.com







Log in








Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















