  Cercacor - Accuracy of Ember noninvasive hemoglobin tracking   

 
 

                                 AccuracyReturn Home  AccuracyReturn Home What does Ember's performance look like? Ember’s AccuracyWhen compared to hemoglobin values measured using invasive methods, the accuracy of Ember is 1 g/dl at one standard deviation. This means that 68% of the hemoglobin values measured on the Ember device should fall within +/- 1 g/dl of invasive methods used to measure hemoglobin. Based on an internal study, the trend accuracy of Ember, defined as its ability to detect changes in hemoglobin values when compared against an invasive method, was shown to be 0.7 g/dl at one standard deviation. Ember’s Precision Precision is defined as the closeness of two or more measurements to one another. This is sometimes referred to as repeatability. Based on an internal study, the precision (or repeatability) of Ember was shown to be 0.4 g/dl at one standard deviation. Download the paper on Monitoring Hemoglobin Concentration in AthletesWhat are factors that can impact Ember’s accuracy and precision?Improper sensor placement on the fingerInconsistent measurement techniqueInterference from outside light sourcesEmber Technology is proven and already used around the worldThe Ember non-invasive hemoglobin tracking system is based on existing technology that is trusted and used in hospitals around the world including here in the United States. The technology platform licensed by Cercacor Laboratories to Masimo Corporation for use in medical devices is referred to as Masimo rainbow SET (Signal Extraction Technology). This technology has been developed and utilized in both a spot-checking (one measurement at a time) and a continuous format. For a list of what others have found when evaluating the performance of non-invasive hemoglobin (SpHb) spot-check measurements utilizing Masimo rainbow SET technology for medical use. Here are some studies:Raikhel, M. (2012) Accuracy of noninvasive and invasive point-of-care total blood hemoglobin measurement in an outpatient setting. Postgrad Med. , 124(4), 250-155. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22913913 Stoesz, M., Wood, L., Clark, W., Kwon, Y.M., Freiberg, A.A. (2014) Utility of noninvasive transcutaneous measurement of postoperative hemoglobin in total joint arthroplasty patients. J. Arthroplasty, 29(11), 2084-6. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25087726 DeBarros, M., Shawhan, R., Bingham, J., Sokol, K., Izenberg, S., Martin, M. (2015) Assessing serum hemoglobin levels without venipuncture: accuracy and reliability of Pronto-7 noninvasive spot-check device. Am. J. Surg, 209(5), 844-55. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25869336 Amano, K., Murakami, A. (2013) Use of Non-Invasive Total Hemoglobin Measurement as a Screening Tool for Anemia in Children. Pediatr Int., 55(6), 803-5. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24330295 For a complete list of studies:PubMed Articles under SpHb (SpHb is the name used when our technology is licensed to hospitals). Download a recommended list of studies click here.Return to site   Privacy Policy       Patents      Newsroom© 2015 Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Cercacor, the Cercacor logo and Ember are Trademarks of Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPad and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple Inc., registeredin the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Masimo andMasimo rainbow SET are registered trademarks of Masimo Corporation. The Bluetooth®word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc.                  
  Elevation affects Hemoglobin- changes in noninvasive hemoglobin while training at altitude   

 
 

                                 Elevation AffectBack to siteReturn Home  Elevation AffectBack to siteReturn Home Elevation affects Hemoglobin (Hgb) Overview:Elevation training (also referred to as altitude training) is used by many competitive athletes to increase their performance potential. Hemoglobin, the protein that binds and carries oxygen throughout the body, increases in response to elevation. This paper is a compilation of key findings on the bodyʼs response to elevation and is designed to give you a high level understanding of the concepts involved. It will also explain how your Ember device can help you in your elevation training.What is the driving force behind altitude-induced changes in the body?The main force that drives all these changes is the lower pressure of air at high elevations. Upon exposure to significant elevation increase (>1,500 m/4,921 ft.), the lungs, cardiovascular system and kidneys begin to make changes to maintain adequate oxygenation and ventilation.Lower air pressure means less oxygenThe air you breathe is composed of 21% oxygen, with the rest being carbon dioxide, nitrogen and trace gases. These gases as well as water vapor in the air exert a certain amount of pressure that bears down upon you. This pressure varies depending on the elevation you are at and is lower when you go above sea level (for example Mount Everest, Nepal 8,840 m/29,029 ft.) and higher when you go below sea level (for example Death Valley, Ca -85 m/-279 feet). Although the percentage of oxygen is still 21%, less pressure at elevation means that for any given amount of air, there will be less oxygen per breath.Isnʼt breathing less oxygen dangerous?Breathing less oxygen would be dangerous to the body if it were not for the compensatory changes the body makes to counteract this. At higher elevations, the breathing rate increases to keep up the oxygen intake despite the lower oxygen. Similarly, the heart pumps faster to keep up the delivery of oxygen to the tissues. Most importantly for the athlete, however, is that within even a few hours of exposure to high altitude, the kidneys increase their release of a hormone called erythropoietin. Erythropoietin acts on the bone marrow to increase production of red blood cells and hemoglobin. This surge in erythropoietin, and the subsequent increase in hemoglobin, is the key benefit of elevation training. The more hemoglobin available, the more oxygen that can be delivered to muscles.How long should an athlete live at higher elevation to see an increase in their hemoglobin?While the initial increase in erythropoietin is seen within a few hours, the true and sustained increase in hemoglobin is typically within 2-4 weeks [1]. Furthermore, there is variability in individuals in the amount of erythropoietin their kidneys release in response to elevation, and still further variability as to the extent to which their body reacts to the erythropoietin and produces new hemoglobin [2]. That is why frequent measurement of hemoglobin would help athletes gauge their response to elevation and help them decide when they have reached their maximum and sustained hemoglobin levels.If my hemoglobin levels drop soon after I return to sea level, then what is the best time to participate in a major competition to optimize my performance?Recommendations from top coaches and applied sport scientists on when to compete upon returning to sea level vary. Some advocate competing within the first 48 hours upon returning to sea level, while others advocate between 12-17 days[4]. Because of this wide variability, frequent non-invasive hemoglobin measurements with the Ember device may help in determining the best individual time to compete.I am seeing an increase in my hemoglobin just after a few days at elevation, despite being told it takes weeks, is that normal and does that mean Iʼve reached my hemoglobin target?This is a normal response to elevation. However this initial increase in hemoglobin can be misleading. Within the first few hours of arrival at elevation, plasma volume (the “water” component of blood) begins to decrease and reaches a low point days to weeks later. Because hemoglobin is measured as a concentration, when the plasma volume decreases, it will elevate the value of hemoglobin, even though no new hemoglobin molecules have been made. However, over a period of few weeks at elevation, the plasma volume increases back to normal, and thus the hemoglobin value will drop back as well. Continued and sustained elevation training past this point will induce the increase in hemoglobin that the athlete is seeking.How soon would the elevated hemoglobin levels begin to come down once at sea level?There appears to be a fairly rapid drop in hemoglobin, even in residents who have been living at higher elevation once they descend to sea level. In one finding, it was reported that long-term residents of Cerro de Pasco, Peru (elevation 4,390 m) experienced a 9.6% reduction in red blood cell mass just 3-7 days after descent to sea level [3,4] . Since red blood cells are full of hemoglobin, less red blood cell mass means less hemoglobin. In another finding, a group of elite Kenyan runners descending from moderate elevation (2,090 m) to near sea level, (340 m), saw a hemoglobin reduction after 14 days at sea level, reaching a low point at about 30 days [4].How would the changes experienced at higher elevation translate to the measurements on the Ember device?If performed correctly, Ember will help track increases in hemoglobin over time through trended graphs. It is recommended that multiple, daily measurements be performed, with particular attention being placed on consistent measurement techniques. This means testing at the same time, under the same conditions and in the same position/posture whenever possible. In particular, it is recommended that a “1st of day” measurement be done daily when training at elevation. This means performing a measurement upon waking and before getting out of bed, drinking fluids or using the bathroom.What are the ideal elevations for elevation training?Typically, most competitive athletes train at elevation between 1,500 m (4,921 ft) and 3,000 m (9,840 ft). Below this, the atmospheric pressure is not low enough to trigger the physiologic response (increase in hemoglobin production). Beyond this, there is the potential for adverse health effects and is generally not recommended [2]. In a study that appeared in the Journal of Applied Physiology, Chapman et al. suggests that the ideal window is between 2000 m (6,562 ft) and 2500 m (8,202 ft).  To download this page as a PDF click here.   References1. Guyton, A.C., Hall, J.D. (2001) Textbook of Medical Physiology 10th Edition, Philadelphia, PA. W.E. Saunders Company. 2. Friedmann, B., Frese, F., Menold, E., Kauper, F., Jost, J., Bartsch, P. (2005) Individual variation in the erythropoietic response to altitude training in elite junior swimmers. British Journal of Sports Medicine, 39, 148-153. 3. Kenney, W.L., Wilmore, J.H., Costill, D.L. (2015) Physiology of Sport and Exercise 6th Edition, Champaign, IL. Human Kinetics. 4. Chapman, R.F., Stickford, A.S.L., Lundby, C., Levin, B.D. (2014) Timing of return from altitude training for optimal sea level performance. Journal of Applied Physiology. 116, 837-843. Return to Site   Privacy Policy       Patents      Newsroom© 2015 Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Cercacor, the Cercacor logo and Ember are Trademarks of Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPad and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple Inc., registeredin the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Masimo andMasimo rainbow SET are registered trademarks of Masimo Corporation. The Bluetooth®word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc.                  
  Cercacor and Ember Blog - Noninvasive Hemoglobin Tracking for Sports Training    

 
 
                                ×Please review these terms and conditions:1. TERMS OF SERVICE2. WARRANTY POLICY3. RETURN POLICY4. REGULATORY POLICY1. TERMS OF USELast updated June 24, 2016,These Terms of Use govern your purchase from Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. and Cercacor International Sarl (“Cercacor”, “we” or “us”) and the use of our products (“Our Products”), software, mobile applications, use of our cloud storage for user measurements and user information (“Our Cloud Service”) and other services we provide (collectively, “Our Service”). PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR SERVICE. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not use Our Service.We may modify these Terms of Use at any time. We will post the modified Terms of Use on our website, www.cercacor.com. By continuing to use Our Service, you agree to be bound by such modification and should therefore periodically review these Terms of Use.You must be 13 years of age or older to use Our Service.Orders and FulfillmentAll orders are subject to acceptance by us. Upon placing an order with us, we will send you an email confirming our receipt of your order. Upon shipment of your order, we will send you an email indicating acceptance of your order, shipment confirmation, carrier information and tracking number. We reserve the right not to accept your order for any or no reason.Pricing for Our Products is shown in US dollars and excludes taxes, shipping charges and, for shipments to non-US locations, duty and import fees, if applicable. If you are ordering outside the US, you are responsible for any taxes, duty and import fees incurred upon entry to your country.You may select a method of shipment and we will charge you accordingly. The risk of loss and title to your purchased product pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.Use of Our ServiceOur Product is not a medical device. Our Service is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any medical condition or disease. We are not responsible for any medical problems that may result from training or exercise programs you engage in or learn about while using Our Service. Consult your doctor before beginning or modifying any exercise program or if you have any medical conditions that might be affected by use of Our Service.Subject to the other terms and conditions in these Terms of Use, Cercacor grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to (i) access and view Our Content, as defined below, (ii) access and use the software and mobile applications provided by Our Service, (iii) access and use Our Cloud Service, and (iv) use the software that is embedded in Our Products that you purchase. This license is provided solely for your personal and non-commercial use of Our Service.Our Service, website and promotional materials contain text, graphics, logos, images, software, applications, audio, video, works of authorship, and information or other materials that are owned by or licensed to us (collectively, “Our Content”). Our Content, Our Service and its underlying technology are protected by copyright, trademark, intellectual property, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. Unauthorized use of Our Service may violate these laws. You agree not to remove, change or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying Our Service.You may not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, broadcast or otherwise exploit Our Service or any portion thereof, except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Cercacor or its licensors, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in these Terms of Use.You may use Our Service with a device that is manufactured, distributed, or sold, by or on behalf of Cercacor, with a Cercacor mobile application and with the use of a supported mobile device. It is your responsibility to maintain the functionality of the supported mobile device. You may not use Our Service with any device that is not manufactured, distributed, or sold, by or on behalf of Cercacor. You may not use Our Service with any applications that are not expressly authorized by Cercacor or with an unsupported mobile device. Some uses of Our Service require internet access.Except to the extent permitted by law, you may not perform, attempt to perform, or encourage or assist others in performing any of the following while accessing or using Our Service: (i) display, mirror or frame Our Service or any individual element of Our Service, Cercacor’s name, any Cercacor trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without our express written consent; (ii) access or tamper with non-public areas of Our Service, our computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of our providers; (iii) test the vulnerability of any Cercacor system or breach any security or authentication measures; (iv) circumvent any technological measure implemented by us or any of our providers or any other third party to protect Our Service or Our Content; (v) access Our Service through the use of any mechanism other than through the use of an authorized connection, Our Service or a Cercacor provided programming interface; or (vi) modify, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, tamper with or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of any software or application that we provide you or that is part of Our Service.We are not responsible for the accuracy, reliability, effectiveness or correct use of information you receive through Our Service.Use of Our Cloud ServiceUse of Our Cloud Service requires that you create a user account with us. Use of Our Product and mobile application on a standalone basis does not require that you create a user account with us. If you create a user account, you are responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the information about yourself. You are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password.You may save certain information obtained from the use of Our Service and other personal information (together, “Your PI”) to our Cloud Service. You retain all rights to Your PI that you save in Our Cloud Service. By using Our Cloud Service, you grant to us a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, modify, adapt, display, and distribute Your PI only in connection with providing Our Service and in compliance with our privacy policy.You are responsible for Your PI and the use of Our Service to generate information that becomes part of Your PI. You represent and warrant that you own Your PI or that you have all the rights necessary to grant us a license to use Your PI as described in these Terms of Use.If you have a user account for Our Cloud Service and are connected to the Internet, the Service will automatically backup your data each time a measurement is taken. We reserve the right to delete your data from Our Cloud Service if your device has not been connected to Our Cloud Service for a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days or longer.Third Party ServicesWe may offer services that are provided by or utilize third party services such as GPS or weather apps. When using third party services, you are subject to and should review such third party’s terms of use and privacy policies. GPS and weather data may be inaccurate, incomplete or unavailable. Any location or weather data provided by Our Service is not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise information is needed or where inaccurate or incomplete data may lead to violation of law, personal injury, illness, death, property or environmental damage. Neither Cercacor nor any of its service providers guarantees the availability, accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of location data, weather data or any other data displayed by the Service. THESE SERVICES ARE NOT INTENDED OR SUITABLE FOR PROVIDING LOCATION DATA IN EMERGENCY SITUATIONS OR TO RECEIVE SEVERE WEATHER WARNINGS.Public Forums and CommunicationWe may offer access to public forums (“Forums”) hosted by us where you may post or submit questions, comments, ideas, suggestions, reviews, photos, and other content (collectively, “Non-Personal Content”), provided such Non-Personal Content is not illegal, fraudulent, obscene, defamatory, violent or threatening, intolerant of race, religion or sexual orientation, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property, or serving a commercial or political purpose. If you do post or submit Non-Personal Content to a Forum, you grant Cercacor a nonexclusive, transferable, royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable and sublicensable right to use, copy, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display such Non-Personal Content. You also permit other users to access, view, store or reproduce your Non-Personal Content for that user’s personal use. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the Non-Personal Content that you post and that you will indemnify Cercacor for all claims resulting from Non-Personal Content you supply. You acknowledge that your use of or reliance upon other users’ Non-Personal Content is at your own risk.Our RightsAny attempted use that is in violation of these Terms of Use may result in the immediate termination of your ability to use some or all of Our Service.We are not obliged to monitor access or use of Our Service, Our Content, Your PI or your Non-Personal Content or to review, edit or delete any of Our Content, Your PI, or your Non-Personal Content, but we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating Our Service, to ensure compliance with these Terms of Use, and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. We may consult with and disclose unlawful conduct to law enforcement authorities; and pursuant to valid legal process, we may cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law. We reserve the right, but are not required, to remove or disable access to Our Service, Our Content, Your PI, Forums, or your Non-Personal Content at any time and without notice, and at our sole discretion, if we determine that Your PI, your Non-Personal Content or your use of Our Service or Forum is objectionable or in violation of these Terms of Use. We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms of Use and any conduct that affects Our Service.Changes to Our ServiceWe may change or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any feature or component of Our Service at any time without notice. We are not liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of any feature or component of Our Service. We reserve the right to determine the timing and content of software updates, which may be automatically downloaded and installed by Our Products or applications without prior notice to you.Limitation of LiabilityNEITHER CERCACOR, ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS, NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICE WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE, MOBILE DEVICE DAMAGE, SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE OUR SERVICE AND OUR CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT CERCACOR IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, IN WHICH CASE SUCH EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION APPLIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWABLE UNDER THE APPLICABLE LAW.IN NO EVENT WILL CERCACOR’S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF USE OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO CERCACOR FOR USE OF OUR SERVICE.IndemnityYou will indemnify and hold harmless Cercacor and its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your access to or use of Our Service, (ii) Your PI, or (iii) your breach of any warranties made by you hereunder or your violation of any other provision of these Terms of Use. We reserve the right to assume control of the defense of any third-party claim that is subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.Disclaimer of WarrantiesOUR SERVICE (OTHER THAN OUR PRODUCT) IS PROVIDED “AS-IS”, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.We make no warranty that Our Service, Our Content or Forums will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. We make no representations or warranties regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, completeness or reliability of Our Service, Our Content or Forums. Any use of Our Service, Our Content or Forums is at your own risk.We will use reasonable care in providing Our Service (including Our Cloud Service), but, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, WE DO NOT GUARANTEE OR WARRANT THAT ANY DATA YOU MAY STORE OR ACCESS THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO INADVERTENT CORRUPTION, LOSS OR DELETION, AND WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE SHOULD SUCH CORRUPTION, LOSS OR DELETION OCCUR. It is your responsibility to maintain appropriate alternate backup of your data.Our Product is covered by a limited warranty.TerminationIf you violate these Terms of Use, we reserve the right to deactivate your account or terminate your right to use Our Service, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice or liability to you. Upon any such termination, we may delete Your PI, your Non-Personal Content and other information relating to your account. You may cancel your account at any time by contacting us at support@cercacor.com or by calling us at 1 (800) 610-8522 and selecting Support.Copyright PolicyWe respect the intellectual property rights of others and we expect our users to do the same. It is our policy, in our sole discretion and when appropriate, to terminate accounts of users who may infringe or repeatedly infringe the rights of copyright holders.To submit a copyright infringement notification to us, please submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing the below-specified Agent with the following information in writing:• A physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.• Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works.• Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.• Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.• A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.• A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of the preceding paragraph, your DMCA notice may not be valid. Please see 17 U.S.C. § 512 for more information regarding the DMCA and DMCA notifications.Our Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement can be reached as follows:By Email: legal@cercacor.comBy Mail:DMCA Designated AgentAttn: Legal DepartmentCercacor Laboratories, Inc.40 ParkerIrvine, CA 92618Export ControlThe United States and certain other countries control the export of products and information. You agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export Our Product, Our Content or other portion of Our Service to countries or persons prohibited under export control laws. By purchasing Our Product or by accessing our Service, you are agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited and that you are not on the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders or the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of Our Product, Our Content or our Service.GeneralExcept as otherwise stated herein, these Terms of Use constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Cercacor and you regarding Our Service, and these Terms of Use supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings between Cercacor and you regarding Our Service and Our Content. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms of Use invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent possible and the other provisions of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect.Except to the extent provided below in this paragraph, all legal issues arising from or related to the use of Our Service or Our Content will be construed in accordance with and determined by the laws of the State of California applicable to contracts entered into and performed within the State of California without respect to its conflict of laws principles. By using Our Service, you agree that the exclusive forum for any claims or causes of action arising out of your use of Our Service is the United States District Court for the District of California, or any California State court, sitting in Orange County, California, USA. You hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which you may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.You may not assign or transfer these Terms of Use, by operation of law or otherwise, without Cercacor’s prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms of Use without such consent will be null. Cercacor may freely assign or transfer these Terms of Use without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms of Use will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.Any notices or other communications provided by Cercacor under these Terms of Use, including those regarding modifications to these Terms of Use, will be posted on our website.Cercacor’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Cercacor. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms of Use, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms of Use will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms of Use or otherwise.Contact UsPlease contact us if you have any questions about these Terms of Use.Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Attn: Legal Department40 ParkerIrvine, CA 92618legal@cercacor.com2. Two-Year Limited WarrantyCercacor Laboratories, Inc. (“Cercacor”) warrants to the original purchaser that our products will be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use for a period of two years from the date of purchase. Within this period, we will, at our sole option, repair or replace any components that fail in normal use at no charge to the purchaser. This warranty does not apply to: (i) cosmetic damage, such as scratches or nicks, (ii) damage caused by accident, abuse, misuse, water, flood, fire, earthquake or acts of nature or external causes, (iii) damage to a product that has been modified or altered without our written permission, (iv) damage to a product that has been connected to cables that have not been provided by us, (v) damage caused by service performed by anyone who is not authorized by us, (vi) damage caused by failure to use the product in accordance with the instructions for use, or (vii) damage to, or damage caused by, your smartphone or other third party products.The product is not cleared by FDA as a medical device and should not be used to monitor hemoglobin in connection with a medical condition.We do not warrant that the operation of the product will be uninterrupted or error-free.We retain the exclusive right, at our sole discretion and to the extent permitted by law, to: (i) repair the product using new or refurbished parts, or (ii) replace the product with a new or refurbished product. If we elect to replace your product and the originally purchased product is no longer available, we will replace your product with a current model that has features equal to or better than your originally purchased product. Any repaired or replacement product will be warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer, or for any additional period of time that may be required by law in your jurisdiction. THIS REMEDY SHALL BE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY.THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, WHICH MAY VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.THE WARRANTIES AND REMEDIES CONTAINED HEREIN ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY LIABILITY ARISING UNDER ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE. IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE SUCH WARRANTIES CANNOT BE DISCLAIMED, THE DURATION AND REMEDIES OF SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE DURATION OF THIS EXPRESS WARRANTY AND REMEDIES DESCRIBED IN THIS WARRANTY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.IN NO EVENT SHALL CERCACOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY TRAFFIC FINES OR CITATIONS, WHETHER RESULTING FROM THE USE MISUSE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCT OR FROM DEFECTS IN THE PRODUCT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.In order for us to evaluate your product, we require that you return to us both the device and the sensor. We will be unable to provide warranty service if we do not receive both the device and the sensor.We will provide shipping at no charge to you if you are shipping your purchase to us within the United States. You must pay for shipping if you are shipping your purchase to us from outside the United States.US Warranty ServiceTo obtain warranty service in the United States:• Request a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number from us. To request an RMA, please contact us at support@cercacor.com or call us at 1 (800) 610-8522 and select Support. Please note the purchaser’s name and order number. We will send you an RMA number and a shipping label via email.• Take your returned product to your nearest Fedex location. Securely pack both the device and sensor along with your RMA number in standard packaging materials available at Fedex.• Affix your preprinted shipping label to the box.• Please retain your shipment tracking number for proof of shipment.International Warranty ServiceTo obtain warranty service outside the United States:• Request a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number from us. To request an RMA, please contact us at support@cercacor.com or call us at 1 (800) 610-8522 and select Support. Please note the purchaser’s name and order number. We will send you an RMA number via email.• Securely pack both the device and sensor along with the RMA number.• Ship the product, freight charges prepaid, to:Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Attn: Support40 ParkerIrvine, CA USA 92618• Please retain your shipment tracking number for proof of shipment.3. 30 Day Return PolicyYou may return your purchase for a full refund for any reason within 30 days of purchase. We will provide return shipping at no charge to you within the United States. You must pay for return shipping if you are returning your purchase from outside the United States.US ReturnsTo return your product for a full refund, including sales tax and standard shipping charges paid to us on the original order (if any), and receive free shipping of your return, all of the following conditions must be met:• Obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number from us. To request an RMA, please contact us at support@cercacor.com or call us at 1 (800) 610-8522 and select Support. Please note the purchaser’s name and order number. We will send you an RMA number and a shipping label via email.• The returned product must be in good physical condition, contain all accessories originally included in the purchase, and include the original packaging.• Take your returned product to your nearest Fedex location. Securely pack the returned product in its original packaging, including all accessories included in the purchase, along with your RMA number in standard packaging materials available at Fedex.• Affix your preprinted shipping label to the box.If you return your product without an RMA number, without all of the accessories included in the purchase, or without the original packaging, we will charge you a restocking fee equal to 15% of the original price.We will process your refund within 14 days of receipt of the returned product.International ReturnsTo return your product for a full refund, including VAT and standard shipping charges paid to us on the original order (if any), all of the following conditions must be met:• Obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number from us. To request an RMA, please contact us at support@cercacor.com or call us at 1 (800) 610-8522 and select Support. We will send you an RMA number via email.• The returned product must be in good physical condition, contain all accessories originally included in the purchase, and include the original packaging.• You must return your purchase to us within 14 days of your notifying us of your decision to return your purchase.• Securely pack the returned product in its original packaging, including all accessories included in the purchase, along with your RMA number.• Ship the returned product, freight charges prepaid, to:Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Attn: Support40 ParkerIrvine, CA USA 92618• Please retain your shipment tracking number for proof of return.If you return your product without an RMA number, without all of the accessories included in the purchase, or without the original packaging, we will charge you a restocking fee equal to 15% of the original price.We will process your refund within 14 days of receipt of the returned product.4.Regulatory and Safety NoticesUS: Federal Communications Commission (FCC) StatementsThis device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules.Operation is subject to the following two conditions:1. This device may not cause harmful interference, and2. This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.FCC Warning to User:Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the user's authority to operate the equipment.NOTE: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device,pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection againstharmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequencyenergy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radiocommunications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If thisequipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turningthe equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the followingmeasures:· Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.· Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.· Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.· Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.FCC ID: X44-E0001Canada: Industry Canada (IC) StatementsIC Notice to Users in English/French according to RSS-Gen section 8.4:This device complies with Industry Canada’s license-exempt RSSs. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:1. This device may not cause interference; and2. This device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device.Le présent appareil est conforme aux CNR d’Industrie Canada applicables aux appareils radio exempts de licence. L’exploitation est autorisée aux deux conditions suivantes:1. l’appareil ne doit pas produire de brouillage;2. l’utilisateur de l’appareil doit accepter tout brouillage radioélectrique subi, même si le brouillage est susceptible d’en compromettre le fonctionnement.IC ID: 7362C-E0001European Union (EU) – Declaration of ConformityCercacor Laboratories Inc. declares under our sole responsibility that our hemoglobin monitor, Ember, Model E001 to which this declaration relates is in conformity with the Radio and Telecommunications Terminal Equipment Directive 1999/5/EC, and thereby authorized to apply the CE Mark on Ember.BlogContactReturn Home  BlogContactReturn HomeThis location has changed, please use the new URL addresshttp://www.cercacor.com/blogLet's light a fire together!Join the Ember experience. Connect with us today! LinkedInFacebook
Twitter  © 2016 Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Cercacor, the Cercacor logo and Ember are Trademarks of Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPad and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Masimo and Masimo rainbowSET are registered trademarks of Masimo Corporation. The Bluetooth® wordmark and logos are registered trademarks owned by BluetoothSIG, IncPrivacy Policy       Patents      Newsroom     Terms & ConditionsAll Posts ×                   
  Cercacor - How exercise impacts noninvasive hemoglobin acquired by the Ember tracking system    

 
 

                                 Exercise ImpactBack to siteReturn Home  Exercise ImpactBack to siteReturn Home Exercise Impact on Hemoglobin Levels Exercise and training regimens can have a substantial impact on hemoglobin.In general, exercise alters hemoglobin in two ways: acute and chronic changes in the plasma (water component of blood), and the actual change in the amount of hemoglobin present. These changes can be seen in the short term (minutes to hours) or long term (days to weeks). Because hemoglobin is a concentration, any shift in the amount of plasma can change its value. Plasma volume can decrease immediately upon initiation of intense exercise as a result of blood pressure increase, hormonal changes and sweating [1]. This decrease can raise hemoglobin in the short term and is known as hemoconcentration. Conversely, increased hydration, such as drinking water after exercise, can bring the hemoglobin levels back down in a process known as hemodilution.Furthermore, long term changes in plasma and thus hemoglobin concentrations can also be seen in response to the type and duration of exercise regimens [2,3,4,5]. For example, it is noted that endurance athletes may have lower hemoglobin levels as their bodies chronically increase the plasma volume in response to exercise. Despite the increase in hemoglobin produced as a result of exercise, this overall increase in plasma volume causes hemodilution [4,6]. These hemoglobin changes observed with fluid shifts even led to the researchers Dill and Costill devising an equation, based on hemoglobin and hematocrit concentrations, to calculate the blood volume and plasma volume changes that have occurred [3]. Production of hemoglobin itself can also be affected by exercise. In general, the production of red blood cells (RBCʼs), hemoglobin and release of RBCʼs into circulation increases in response to sustained training [4]. However, factors such as type of exercise, type of athlete, intensity of training and elevation at training can all impact the extent of this increase. For instance, it was noted in one study that within the athlete population, strength trained athletes had higher hemoglobin than endurance or mix-trained athletes [6]. Furthermore, “leisure-time” athletes had lower hemoglobin than competitive athletes [6]. Clearly there are many factors that influence hemoglobin changes in response to exercise. As in many areas of human physiology, there also exists individual variation in responses as well. Thus the ability to noninvasively measure hemoglobin with Ember on a daily basis, or pre and post workout, has the potential to give athletes greater clarity into how their exercise regimen is impacting their hemoglobin levels.To download this page as a PDF click here.   References1. Zouhal, et al. (2007) Influence of Training Status on Plasma Volume Variations and Plasma lactate concentrations in response to supramaximal exercise. Biology of Sport, 24(4), 339-355. 2. Brun, J., Varlet-Marie, E., Connes, P., Aloulou, I. (2010) Hemorheological alterations related to training and overtraining. Biorheology, 47, 95-115. 3. Dill, D.B., Costill, D.L. (1974) Calculation of percentage changes in volumes of blood, plasma, and red cells in dehydration. Journal of Applied Physiology, 32(2), 247-248. 4. Mairbauri, H. (2013) Red blood cells in sports: effects of exercise and training on oxygen supply by red blood cells. Frontiers in Physiology, 4, 1-13. 5. Mougios, V., (2006) Exercise Biochemistry, Champaign, IL. Human Kinetics. 6. Schumacher, et al. (2002) Hematologic indices and iron status in athletes of various sports and performances. Medicine and Science in Sports and Exercise, 34(5), 869-875. Return to Site   Privacy Policy       Patents      Newsroom© 2015 Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Cercacor, the Cercacor logo and Ember are Trademarks of Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPad and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple Inc., registeredin the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Masimo andMasimo rainbow SET are registered trademarks of Masimo Corporation. The Bluetooth®word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc.                  
 







  Ember Warranty – Cercacor
  















































Sign in
or
Create an Account








Search




            Cart 0








Menu




        Cart 0







Warranty

 Two-Year Limited Warranty
Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. (“Cercacor”) warrants to the original purchaser that our products will be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use for a period of two years from the date of purchase.  Within this period, we will, at our sole option, repair or replace any components that fail in normal use at no charge to the purchaser.  This warranty does not apply to: (i) cosmetic damage, such as scratches or nicks, (ii) damage caused by accident, abuse, misuse, water, flood, fire, earthquake or acts of nature or external causes, (iii) damage to a product that has been modified or altered without our written permission, (iv) damage to a product that has been connected to cables that have not been provided by us, (v) damage caused by service performed by anyone who is not authorized by us, (vi) damage caused by failure to use the product in accordance with the instructions for use, or (vii) damage to, or damage caused by, your smartphone or other third party products. 
The product is not cleared by FDA as a medical device and should not be used to monitor hemoglobin in connection with a medical condition. 
We do not warrant that the operation of the product will be uninterrupted or error-free. 
We retain the exclusive right, at our sole discretion and to the extent permitted by law, to: (i) repair the product using new or refurbished parts, or (ii) replace the product with a new or refurbished product.  If we elect to replace your product and the originally purchased product is no longer available, we will replace your product with a current model that has features equal to or better than your originally purchased product.  Any repaired or replacement product will be warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer, or for any additional period of time that may be required by law in your jurisdiction.  THIS REMEDY SHALL BE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY.
THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, WHICH MAY VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.
THE WARRANTIES AND REMEDIES CONTAINED HEREIN ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY LIABILITY ARISING UNDER ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE. IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE SUCH WARRANTIES CANNOT BE DISCLAIMED, THE DURATION AND REMEDIES OF SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE DURATION OF THIS EXPRESS WARRANTY AND  REMEDIES DESCRIBED IN THIS WARRANTY.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN NO EVENT SHALL CERCACOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY TRAFFIC FINES OR CITATIONS, WHETHER RESULTING FROM THE USE MISUSE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCT OR FROM DEFECTS IN THE PRODUCT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
In order for us to evaluate your product, we require that you return to us both the device and the sensor.  We will be unable to provide warranty service if we do not receive both the device and the sensor.
We will provide shipping at no charge to you if you are shipping your purchase to us within the United States.  You must pay for shipping if you are shipping your purchase to us from outside the United States.
US Warranty Service
To obtain warranty service in the United States:

Request a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number from us.  To request an RMA, please contact us at support@cercacor.com or call us at 1 (800) 610-8522 and select Support.  Please note the purchaser’s name and order number.  We will send you an RMA number and a shipping label via email.
Take your returned product to your nearest Fedex location.  Securely pack both the device and sensor along with your RMA number in standard packaging materials available at Fedex. 
Affix your preprinted shipping label to the box.
Please retain your shipment tracking number for proof of shipment. 

 
International Warranty Service
To obtain warranty service outside the United States:

Request a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number from us.  To request an RMA, please contact us at support@cercacor.com or call us at 1 (800) 610-8522 and select Support.  Please note the purchaser’s name and order number.  We will send you an RMA number via email.
Securely pack both the device and sensor along with the RMA number.
Ship the product, freight charges prepaid, to:

Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.
Attn: Support
40 Parker
Irvine, CA USA 92618
 

Please retain your shipment tracking number for proof of shipment.

 
      




















Cercacor Laboratories Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























cercacor laboratories inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Medical Equipment & Devices
Sub-Industry: Medical Equipment
Cercacor Laboratories Inc specializes in research and development of medical equipment. The Company provides medical devices including patient monitors and sensors for respiratory, cardio-pulmonary functions and blood oxygen levels. Cercacor Laboratories also offers maintenance, repair and upgrading services.




Corporate Information
Address:

30 Fairbanks
Suite 100
Irvine, CA 92618
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































  About Us - Cercacor - Noninvasive Hemoglobin Tracking for Sports Training   

 
 
                                  ×Please review these terms and conditions:1. TERMS OF SERVICE2. WARRANTY POLICY3. RETURN POLICY4. REGULATORY POLICY1. TERMS OF USELast updated December 14, 2015.These Terms of Use govern your purchase from Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. (“Cercacor”, “we” or “us”) and the use of our products (“Our Products”), software, mobile applications, use of our cloud storage for user measurements and user information (“Our Cloud Service”) and other services we provide (collectively, “Our Service”). PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR SERVICE. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not use Our Service.We may modify these Terms of Use at any time. We will post the modified Terms of Use on our website, www.cercacor.com. By continuing to use Our Service, you agree to be bound by such modification and should therefore periodically review these Terms of Use.You must be 13 years of age or older to use Our Service.Orders and FulfillmentAll orders are subject to acceptance by us. Upon placing an order with us, we will send you an email confirming our receipt of your order. Upon shipment of your order, we will send you an email indicating acceptance of your order, shipment confirmation, carrier information and tracking number. We reserve the right not to accept your order for any or no reason.Pricing for Our Products is shown in US dollars and excludes taxes, shipping charges and, for shipments to non-US locations, duty and import fees, if applicable. Taxes, shipping charges, and duty and import fees, if applicable, will be shown separately on your order.You may select a method of shipment and we will charge you accordingly. The risk of loss and title to your purchased product pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.Use of Our ServiceOur Product is not a medical device. Our Service is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any medical condition or disease. We are not responsible for any medical problems that may result from training or exercise programs you engage in or learn about while using Our Service. Consult your doctor before beginning or modifying any exercise program or if you have any medical conditions that might be affected by use of Our Service.Subject to the other terms and conditions in these Terms of Use, Cercacor grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to (i) access and view Our Content, as defined below, (ii) access and use the software and mobile applications provided by Our Service, (iii) access and use Our Cloud Service, and (iv) use the software that is embedded in Our Products that you purchase. This license is provided solely for your personal and non-commercial use of Our Service.Our Service, website and promotional materials contain text, graphics, logos, images, software, applications, audio, video, works of authorship, and information or other materials that are owned by or licensed to us (collectively, “Our Content”). Our Content, Our Service and its underlying technology are protected by copyright, trademark, intellectual property, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. Unauthorized use of Our Service may violate these laws. You agree not to remove, change or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying Our Service.You may not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, broadcast or otherwise exploit Our Service or any portion thereof, except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Cercacor or its licensors, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in these Terms of Use.You may use Our Service with a device that is manufactured, distributed, or sold, by or on behalf of Cercacor, with a Cercacor mobile application and with the use of a supported mobile device. It is your responsibility to maintain the functionality of the supported mobile device. You may not use Our Service with any device that is not manufactured, distributed, or sold, by or on behalf of Cercacor. You may not use Our Service with any applications that are not expressly authorized by Cercacor or with an unsupported mobile device. Some uses of Our Service require internet access.Except to the extent permitted by law, you may not perform, attempt to perform, or encourage or assist others in performing any of the following while accessing or using our Service: (i) display, mirror or frame Our Service or any individual element of Our Service, Cercacor’s name, any Cercacor trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without our express written consent; (ii) access or tamper with non-public areas of Our Service, our computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of our providers; (iii) test the vulnerability of any Cercacor system or breach any security or authentication measures; (iv) circumvent any technological measure implemented by us or any of our providers or any other third party to protect Our Service or Our Content; (v) access Our Service through the use of any mechanism other than through the use of an authorized connection, Our Service or a Cercacor provided programming interface; or (vi) modify, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, tamper with or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of any software or application that we provide you or that is part of Our Service.We are not responsible for the accuracy, reliability, effectiveness or correct use of information you receive through Our Service.Use of Our Cloud ServiceUse of Our Cloud Service requires that you create a user account with us. Use of Our Product and mobile application on a standalone basis does not require that you create a user account with us. If you create a user account, you are responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the information about yourself. You are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password.You may save certain information obtained from the use of Our Service and other personal information (together, “Your PI”) to our Cloud Service. You retain all rights to Your PI that you save in Our Cloud Service. By using Our Cloud Service, you grant to us a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, modify, adapt, display, and distribute Your PI only in connection with providing Our Service and in compliance with our privacy policy.You are responsible for Your PI and the use of Our Service to generate information that becomes part of Your PI. You represent and warrant that you own Your PI or that you have all the rights necessary to grant us a license to use Your PI as described in these Terms of Use.If you have a user account for Our Cloud Service and are connected to the Internet, the Service will automatically backup your data each time a measurement is taken. We reserve the right to delete your data from Our Cloud Service if your device has not been connected to Our Cloud Service for a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days or longer.Third Party ServicesWe may offer services that are provided by or utilize third party services such as GPS or weather apps. When using third party services, you are subject to and should review such third party’s terms of use and privacy policies. GPS and weather data may be inaccurate, incomplete or unavailable. Any location or weather data provided by the Service is not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise information is needed or where inaccurate or incomplete data may lead to violation of law, personal injury, illness, death, property or environmental damage. Neither Cercacor nor any of its service providers guarantees the availability, accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of location data, weather data or any other data displayed by the Service. THESE SERVICES ARE NOT INTENDED OR SUITABLE FOR PROVIDING LOCATION DATA IN EMERGENCY SITUATIONS OR TO RECEIVE SEVERE WEATHER WARNINGS.Public Forums and CommunicationWe may offer access to public forums (“Forums”) hosted by us where you may post or submit questions, comments, ideas, suggestions, reviews, photos, and other content (collectively, “Non-Personal Content”), provided such Non-Personal Content is not illegal, fraudulent, obscene, defamatory, violent or threatening, intolerant of race, religion or sexual orientation, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property, or serving a commercial or political purpose. If you do post or submit Non-Personal Content to a Forum, you grant Cercacor a nonexclusive, transferable, royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable and sublicensable right to use, copy, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display such Non-Personal Content. You also permit other users to access, view, store or reproduce your Non-Personal Content for that user’s personal use. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the Non-Personal Content that you post and that you will indemnify Cercacor for all claims resulting from Non-Personal Content you supply. You acknowledge that your use of or reliance upon other users’ Non-Personal Content is at your own risk.Our RightsAny attempted use that is in violation of these Terms of Use may result in the immediate termination of your ability to use some or all of Our Service.We are not obliged to monitor access or use of Our Service, Our Content, Your PI or your Non-Personal Content or to review, edit or delete any of Our Content, Your PI, or your Non-Personal Content, but we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating Our Service, to ensure compliance with these Terms of Use, and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. We may consult with and disclose unlawful conduct to law enforcement authorities; and pursuant to valid legal process, we may cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law. We reserve the right, but are not required, to remove or disable access to Our Service, Our Content, Your PI, Forums, or your Non-Personal Content at any time and without notice, and at our sole discretion, if we determine that Your PI, your Non-Personal Content or your use of Our Service or Forum is objectionable or in violation of these Terms of Use. We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms of Use and any conduct that affects Our Service.Changes to Our ServiceWe may change or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any feature or component of Our Service at any time without notice. We are not liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of any feature or component of Our Service. We reserve the right to determine the timing and content of software updates, which may be automatically downloaded and installed by Our Products or applications without prior notice to you.Limitation of LiabilityNEITHER CERCACOR, ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS, NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICE WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE, MOBILE DEVICE DAMAGE, SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE OUR SERVICE AND OUR CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT CERCACOR IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, IN WHICH CASE SUCH EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION APPLIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWABLE UNDER THE APPLICABLE LAW.IN NO EVENT WILL CERCACOR’S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF USE OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO CERCACOR FOR USE OF OUR SERVICE.IndemnityYou will indemnify and hold harmless Cercacor and its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your access to or use of Our Service, (ii) Your PI, or (iii) your breach of any warranties made by you hereunder or your violation of any other provision of these Terms of Use. We reserve the right to assume control of the defense of any third-party claim that is subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.Disclaimer of WarrantiesOUR SERVICE (OTHER THAN OUR PRODUCT) IS PROVIDED “AS-IS”, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.We make no warranty that Our Service, Our Content or Forums will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. We make no representations or warranties regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, completeness or reliability of Our Service, Our Content or Forums. Any use of Our Service, Our Content or Forums is at your own risk.We will use reasonable care in providing Our Service (including Our Cloud Service), but, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, WE DO NOT GUARANTEE OR WARRANT THAT ANY DATA YOU MAY STORE OR ACCESS THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO INADVERTENT CORRUPTION, LOSS OR DELETION, AND WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE SHOULD SUCH CORRUPTION, LOSS OR DELETION OCCUR. It is your responsibility to maintain appropriate alternate backup of your data.Our Product is covered by a limited warranty.TerminationIf you violate these Terms of Use, we reserve the right to deactivate your account or terminate your right to use Our Service, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice or liability to you. Upon any such termination, we may delete Your PI, your Non-Personal Content and other information relating to your account. You may cancel your account at any time by contacting us at support@cercacor.com or by calling us at 1 (800) 610-8522 and selecting Support.Copyright PolicyWe respect the intellectual property rights of others and we expect our users to do the same. It is our policy, in our sole discretion and when appropriate, to terminate accounts of users who may infringe or repeatedly infringe the rights of copyright holders.To submit a copyright infringement notification to us, please submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing the below-specified Agent with the following information in writing:• A physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.• Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works.• Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.• Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.• A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.• A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of the preceding paragraph, your DMCA notice may not be valid. Please see 17 U.S.C. § 512 for more information regarding the DMCA and DMCA notifications.Our Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement can be reached as follows:By Email: legal@cercacor.comBy Mail:DMCA Designated AgentAttn: Legal DepartmentCercacor Laboratories, Inc.189 TechnologyIrvine, CA 92618Export ControlThe United States and certain other countries control the export of products and information. You agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export Our Content or other portion of Our Service to countries or persons prohibited under export control laws. By purchasing Our Product or by accessing our Service, you are agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited and that you are not on the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders or the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of Our Product, Our Content or our Service.GeneralExcept as otherwise stated herein, these Terms of Use constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Cercacor and you regarding Our Service, and these Terms of Use supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings between Cercacor and you regarding Our Service and Our Content. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms of Use invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent possible and the other provisions of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect.Except to the extent provided below in this paragraph, all legal issues arising from or related to the use of Our Service or Our Content will be construed in accordance with and determined by the laws of the State of California applicable to contracts entered into and performed within the State of California without respect to its conflict of laws principles. By using Our Service, you agree that the exclusive forum for any claims or causes of action arising out of your use of Our Service is the United States District Court for the District of California, or any California State court, sitting in Orange County, California, USA. You hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which you may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.You may not assign or transfer these Terms of Use, by operation of law or otherwise, without Cercacor’s prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms of Use without such consent will be null. Cercacor may freely assign or transfer these Terms of Use without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms of Use will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.Any notices or other communications provided by Cercacor under these Terms of Use, including those regarding modifications to these Terms of Use, will posted on our website.Cercacor’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Cercacor. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms of Use, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms of Use will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms of Use or otherwise.Contact UsPlease contact us if you have any questions about these Terms of Use.Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Attn: Legal Department189 Technology DriveIrvine, CA 92618legal@cercacor.com2.Two-Year Limited WarrantyCercacor Laboratories, Inc. (“Cercacor”) warrants to the original purchaser that our products will be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use for a period of two years from the date of purchase. Within this period, we will, at our sole option, repair or replace any components that fail in normal use at no charge to the purchaser. This warranty does not apply to: (i) cosmetic damage, such as scratches or nicks, (ii) damage caused by accident, abuse, misuse, water, flood, fire, earthquake or acts of nature or external causes, (iii) damage to a product that has been modified or altered without our written permission, (iv) damage to a product that has been connected to cables that have not been provided by us, (v) damage caused by service performed by anyone who is not authorized by us, (vi) damage caused by failure to use the product in accordance with the instructions for use, or (vii) damage to, or damage caused by, your smartphone or other third party products.The product is not cleared by FDA as a medical device and should not be used to monitor hemoglobin in connection with a medical condition.We do not warrant that the operation of the product will be uninterrupted or error-free.We retain the exclusive right, at our sole discretion and to the extent permitted by law, to: (i) repair the product using new or refurbished parts, or (ii) replace the product with a new or refurbished product. If we elect to replace your product and the originally purchased product is no longer available, we will replace your product with a current model that has features equal to or better than your originally purchased product. Any repaired or replacement product will be warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer, or for any additional period of time that may be required by law in your jurisdiction. THIS REMEDY SHALL BE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY.THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, WHICH MAY VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.THE WARRANTIES AND REMEDIES CONTAINED HEREIN ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY LIABILITY ARISING UNDER ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE. IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE SUCH WARRANTIES CANNOT BE DISCLAIMED, THE DURATION AND REMEDIES OF SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE DURATION OF THIS EXPRESS WARRANTY AND REMEDIES DESCRIBED IN THIS WARRANTY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.IN NO EVENT SHALL CERCACOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES FOR ANY TRAFFIC FINES OR CITATIONS, WHETHER RESULTING FROM THE USE MISUSE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCT OR FROM DEFECTS IN THE PRODUCT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.In order for us to evaluate your product, we require that you return to us both the device and the sensor. We will be unable to provide warranty service if we do not receive both the device and the sensor.We will provide shipping at no charge to you if you are shipping your purchase to us within the United States. You must pay for shipping if you are shipping your purchase to us from outside the United States.US Warranty ServiceTo obtain warranty service in the United States:• Request a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number from us. To request an RMA, please contact us at support@cercacor.com or call us at 1 (800) 610-8522 and select Support. Please note the purchaser’s name and order number. We will send you an RMA number and a shipping label via email.• Take your returned product to your nearest Fedex location. Securely pack both the device and sensor along with your RMA number in standard packaging materials available at Fedex.• Affix your preprinted shipping label to the box.• Please retain your shipment tracking number for proof of shipment.International Warranty ServiceTo obtain warranty service outside the United States:• Request a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number from us. To request an RMA, please contact us at support@cercacor.com or call us at 1 (800) 610-8522 and select Support. Please note the purchaser’s name and order number. We will send you an RMA number via email.• Securely pack both the device and sensor along with the RMA number.• Ship the product, freight charges prepaid, to:Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Attn: Support189 Technology DriveIrvine, CA USA 92618• Please retain your shipment tracking number for proof of shipment.3. 30 Day Return PolicyYou may return your purchase for a full refund for any reason within 30 days of purchase. We will provide return shipping at no charge to you within the United States. You must pay for return shipping if you are returning your purchase from outside the United States.US ReturnsTo return your product for a full refund, including sales tax and standard shipping charges paid on the original order (if any), and receive free shipping of your return, all of the following conditions must be met:• Obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number from us. To request an RMA, please contact us at support@cercacor.com or call us at 1 (800) 610-8522 and select Support. Please note the purchaser’s name and order number. We will send you an RMA number and a shipping label via email.• The returned product must be in good physical condition, contain all accessories originally included in the purchase, and include the original packaging.• Take your returned product to your nearest Fedex location. Securely pack the returned product in its original packaging, including all accessories included in the purchase, along with your RMA number in standard packaging materials available at Fedex.• Affix your preprinted shipping label to the box.If you return your product without an RMA number, without all of the accessories included in the purchase, or without the original packaging, we will charge you a restocking fee equal to 15% of the original price.We will process your refund within 14 days of receipt of the returned product.International ReturnsTo return your product for a full refund, including VAT and standard shipping charges paid on the original order (if any), all of the following conditions must be met:• Obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number from us. To request an RMA, please contact us at support@cercacor.com or call us at 1 (800) 610-8522 and select Support. We will send you an RMA number via email.• The returned product must be in good physical condition, contain all accessories originally included in the purchase, and include the original packaging.• You must return your purchase to us within 14 days of your notifying us of your decision to return your purchase.• Securely pack the returned product in its original packaging, including all accessories included in the purchase, along with your RMA number.• Ship the returned product, freight charges prepaid, to:Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Attn: Support189 Technology DriveIrvine, CA USA 92618• Please retain your shipment tracking number for proof of return.If you return your product without an RMA number, without all of the accessories included in the purchase, or without the original packaging, we will charge you a restocking fee equal to 15% of the original price.We will process your refund within 14 days of receipt of the returned product.4.Regulatory and Safety NoticesUS: Federal Communications Commission (FCC) StatementsThis device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules.Operation is subject to the following two conditions:1. This device may not cause harmful interference, and2. This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.FCC Warning to User:Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the user's authority to operate the equipment.NOTE: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:· Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.· Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.· Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.· Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.Canada: Industry Canada (IC) StatementsIC Notice to Users in English/French according to RSS-Gen section 8.4:This device complies with Industry Canada’s licence-exempt RSSs. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:1. This device may not cause interference; and2. This device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device.Le présent appareil est conforme aux CNR d’Industrie Canada applicables aux appareils radio exempts de licence. L’exploitation est autorisée aux deux conditions suivantes:1. l’appareil ne doit pas produire de brouillage;2. l’utilisateur de l’appareil doit accepter tout brouillage radioélectrique subi, même si le brouillage est susceptible d’en compromettre le fonctionnement.FCC ID: X44-E0001IC ID: 7362C-E0001HomeEmber modelsWhy Ember  FeaturesElevation TrainingTraining ReadinessBlogAthletesScience  BiomarkersTechnologyEmber hemoglobin AccuracyPosture affects hemoglobinExercise affects hemoglobinElevation affects hemoglobinSupport  FAQ/HelpAbout UsStore  HomeEmber modelsWhy EmberFeaturesElevation TrainingTraining ReadinessBlogAthletesScienceBiomarkersTechnologyEmber hemoglobin AccuracyPosture affects hemoglobinExercise affects hemoglobinElevation affects hemoglobinSupportFAQ/HelpAbout UsStoreMission StatementImprove lives by making the impossible possible through innovation.Guiding PrinciplesRemain faithful to our promises and responsibilities.Thrive on fascination and accomplishment and not on greed and power.Strive to make each year better than the year before both personally and for the team.Make each day as fun as possible.Driven to DiscoverBased in Irvine, California, Cercacor is a health and fitness innovator of non-invasive, easy-to-use monitoring technologies. With over 127 issued and 48 pending patents, our technologies provide people access to their internal biomarkers – empowering them to better understand their bodies, enhance their fitness levels and reach their full potential. Ember™, our first product, is the world’s first non-invasive hemoglobin tracker for endurance athletes. Cercacor and Ember are on the newest frontier of understanding how measuring, tracking and analyzing hemoglobin and other physiological parameters can impact endurance sports training and performance. Our proven, non-invasive technologies are used by leading hospitals around the world – licensed under the name Masimo Rainbow SET (Signal Extraction Technology).Follow along as Ember continues to share more!Sign up to our mailing list, to be included in exclusive surveys as we continue our research and development for new features, parameters and applications.Contact Us1 (800) 610-8522Sales: info@cercacor.comTechnical Support: support@cercacor.com40 Parker, Irvine, Ca 92618, USA © 2017 Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.Cercacor, the Cercacor logo and Ember are Trademarks of Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPad and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Masimo and Masimo rainbow SET are registered trademarks of Masimo Corporation. The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc.Privacy Policy        Patents        Newsroom     Terms & ConditionsAll Posts ×                         
        


	CERCACOR Trademark of Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.. Serial Number: 77899655 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Medical Instrument Products
CERCACOR










 
Get FREE email alerts













CERCACOR  Trademark Information
 Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.
Medical devices, namely, patient monitors and patient sensors for monitoring and measuring blood properties or respiratory events
Maintenance, repair and upgrading of medical devices




Perfect for these industries

Medical Instrument Products
Construction and Repair Services





Words that describe this mark
medical   devices         patient   monitors   patient   sensors   monitoring   measuring   blood   properties   respiratory   events    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CERCACOR trademark by Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. 
                                in IRVINE, CA, 92618.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CERCACOR trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. of the CERCACOR trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CERCACOR trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, December 22, 2009,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CERCACOR by 
                        Cercacor Laboratories, Inc., IRVINE, CA  92618.
                        The USPTO has given the CERCACOR 
                        trademark serial  number of  77899655.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for CERCACOR is 
                        
                        
                                            DEBORAH S. SHEPHERD of 
                                            KNOBBE, MARTENS, OLSON & BEAR LLP,  2040 MAIN ST 14TH FL, IRVINE, CA 92614 
                                .
                            The CERCACOR trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Medical Instrument Products
                                , 
                                    Construction and Repair Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CERCACOR 
                            is Medical devices, namely, patient monitors and patient sensors for monitoring and measuring blood properties or respiratory events. 
                            





Word mark:
 CERCACOR


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

2/10/2014






  Serial Number:  
77899655


  Filing Date:  
12/22/2009


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Medical devices, namely, patient monitors and patient sensors for monitoring and measuring blood properties or respiratory events


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/9/2010


Last Applicant/Owner:

Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.IRVINE, CA  92618
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


DEBORAH S. SHEPHERD
KNOBBE, MARTENS, OLSON & BEAR LLP
2040 MAIN ST 14TH FL
IRVINE, CA 92614






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (010) - Surgical, medical, dental, and veterinary apparatus and instruments, artificial limbs, eyes, and teeth; orthopedic articles; suture materials.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (037) - Building construction; repair; installation services. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CERCACOR trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

2/10/2014
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DEBORAH S. SHEPHERD


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CERCACOR trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search cercacor on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CERCACOR 




CERCACOR is providing Medical devices, namely, patient monitors and patient sensors for monitoring and measuring blood properties or respiratory events.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















    Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. - Download.com





























































Navigation
open search











Close
PLATFORMS














POPULAR LINKS

Latest News
Security and Antivirus Center
New Releases
User Favorites
Editor's Picks
Top Freeware

CATEGORIES


Browsers


Business Software


Communications


Digital Photo Software


Entertainment Software


Games


Internet Software


MP3 & Audio Software


Productivity Software


Screensavers & Wallpaper


Security Software


Utilities & Operating Systems


Video Software


HELP & SETTINGS

Link to CNET Site
Submit Feedback
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy



                © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.
            

                All Rights Reserved
            



















                        Windows
                

                        iOS
                

                        Android
                

                        Mac
                










 Enter to Search





Popular Apps


                Popular Mac Apps
            



AVG AntiVirus for Mac






Avast Free Mac Security






5KPlayer






VirtualDJ






MacX YouTube Downloader






VLC Media Player






CCleaner






Microsoft Office 2011






Minecraft






Microsoft Office 2016 Preview



View all Mac apps



                Popular Windows Apps
            



CCleaner






Avast Free Antivirus






Driver Booster






Malwarebytes






AVG AntiVirus Free






Advanced SystemCare Free






VirtualDJ 8






IObit Uninstaller






Driver Easy






VLC Media Player (64-bit)



View all Windows apps



                Popular iOS Apps
            



NetTube Video Music Player & Playlist Manager






Facebook






imo free video calls and chat






WhatsApp Messenger






Apple iOS 9






BeautyPlus - Selfie Camera for a Beautiful Image






Instagram






Clash of Clans






Doodle Army 2 : Mini Militia - Online Multiplayer






Messenger



View all iOS apps



                Popular Android Apps
            



TubeMate YouTube Downloader






Google Play






VidMate






SHAREit - Transfer & Share






UC Browser - Fast Download






SnapTube






WhatsApp Messenger






YouTube






Youtube Downloader






APKPure



View all Android apps



Top Categories



                            Browsers
                        


                            Business
                        


                            Design
                        


                            Drivers
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories




                            Browsers
                        


                            Business
                        


                            Entertainment
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Internet
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories




                            Browsers
                        


                            Entertainment
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Internet
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Productivity
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories




                            Browsers
                        


                            Chat & Messaging
                        


                            Developer Tools
                        


                            Drivers
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories



Guides




Microsoft Office and top productivity alternatives




                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Video players: Choosing the best
                    


                        Running Windows games smoothly
                    


                        Choose the best antivirus software
                    





Best Star Wars game apps for Android and iOS




                        Best iPhone keyboard
                    


                        Best value streaming-video service
                    


                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Shoot, edit, and share your videos
                    





14 Back-to-School Apps That Will Keep Your School Burden Light




                        Best free and paid VPNs -- and why you need one
                    


                        Android antivirus that won't slow your phone
                    


                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Stream Spotify from your phone to your TV
                    





14 Back-to-School Apps That Will Keep Your School Burden Light




                        Your backup plan: Best backup apps for Windows and Mac
                    


                        Microsoft Office and top productivity alternatives
                    


                        Best Security Software for Windows and Mac
                    


                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Best free and paid VPNs -- and why you need one
                    




        CNET
        




                    Reviews
                


                    News
                


                    Video
                


                    How To
                


                    Smart Home
                


                    Cars
                


                    Deals
                


                    CNET Home
                


                    Reviews at Guide.com
                




        English
        



            Choose Language
        

                    English
                


                    Español
                


                    Deutsch
                


                    Français
                








My Profile
Logout




                    Login                

                    Join                














 


 



Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.



Narrow Results


By Price






                                                                    Free
                                                                
                                                                  (1)







By Category






                                                                    Educational Software
                                                                
                                                                  (1)







By Operating System






                                                                    iOS
                                                                
                                                                  (1)












Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.


Web site

http://www.cercacor.com/



Support web site

http://www.cercacor.com/





Support e-mail

                            Not provided                        


Support phone

                            Not provided                        


 





Sort

Downloads Last Week


Downloads Last Week
Date Added
Product Name
Editor's Rating
User Rating
Total Downloads
Date Reviewed




 

Show

10


10
20
30




 



1













Ember by Cercacor

Ember measures Hemoglobin and Pulse Rate in order to help maximize your athletic performance without one drop of blood.This app requires the...

iOS
Version 1.2 ...
Added: 12/17/15



Rate it first!


Total Downloads
2
Last Week
0




Visit Site








            Results 1 - 1        

            of 1        




1



 
























 










Windows PC Software - Free Downloads and Reviews































































































Navigation
open search











Close
PLATFORMS














POPULAR LINKS

Latest News
Security and Antivirus Center
New Releases
User Favorites
Editor's Picks
Top Freeware

CATEGORIES


Browsers


Business Software


Communications


Digital Photo Software


Entertainment Software


Games


Internet Software


MP3 & Audio Software


Productivity Software


Screensavers & Wallpaper


Security Software


Utilities & Operating Systems


Video Software


HELP & SETTINGS

Link to CNET Site
Submit Feedback
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy



                © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.
            

                All Rights Reserved
            



















                        Windows
                

                        iOS
                

                        Android
                

                        Mac
                










 Enter to Search





Popular Apps


                Popular Android Apps
            



TubeMate YouTube Downloader






Google Play






VidMate






SHAREit - Transfer & Share






UC Browser - Fast Download






SnapTube






WhatsApp Messenger






YouTube






Youtube Downloader






APKPure



View all Android apps



                Popular iOS Apps
            



NetTube Video Music Player & Playlist Manager






Facebook






imo free video calls and chat






WhatsApp Messenger






Apple iOS 9






BeautyPlus - Selfie Camera for a Beautiful Image






Instagram






Clash of Clans






Doodle Army 2 : Mini Militia - Online Multiplayer






Messenger



View all iOS apps



                Popular Mac Apps
            



AVG AntiVirus for Mac






Avast Free Mac Security






5KPlayer






VirtualDJ






MacX YouTube Downloader






VLC Media Player






CCleaner






Microsoft Office 2011






Minecraft






Microsoft Office 2016 Preview



View all Mac apps



                Popular Windows Apps
            



CCleaner






Avast Free Antivirus






Driver Booster






Malwarebytes






AVG AntiVirus Free






Advanced SystemCare Free






VirtualDJ 8






IObit Uninstaller






Driver Easy






VLC Media Player (64-bit)



View all Windows apps



Top Categories



                            Browsers
                        


                            Chat & Messaging
                        


                            Developer Tools
                        


                            Drivers
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories




                            Browsers
                        


                            Entertainment
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Internet
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Productivity
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories




                            Browsers
                        


                            Business
                        


                            Entertainment
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Internet
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories




                            Browsers
                        


                            Business
                        


                            Design
                        


                            Drivers
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories



Guides




Microsoft Office and top productivity alternatives




                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Video players: Choosing the best
                    


                        Running Windows games smoothly
                    


                        Choose the best antivirus software
                    





Best Star Wars game apps for Android and iOS




                        Best iPhone keyboard
                    


                        Best value streaming-video service
                    


                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Shoot, edit, and share your videos
                    





14 Back-to-School Apps That Will Keep Your School Burden Light




                        Best free and paid VPNs -- and why you need one
                    


                        Android antivirus that won't slow your phone
                    


                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Stream Spotify from your phone to your TV
                    





14 Back-to-School Apps That Will Keep Your School Burden Light




                        Your backup plan: Best backup apps for Windows and Mac
                    


                        Microsoft Office and top productivity alternatives
                    


                        Best Security Software for Windows and Mac
                    


                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Best free and paid VPNs -- and why you need one
                    




        CNET
        




                    Reviews
                


                    News
                


                    Video
                


                    How To
                


                    Smart Home
                


                    Cars
                


                    Deals
                


                    CNET Home
                


                    Reviews at Guide.com
                




        English
        



            Choose Language
        

                    English
                


                    Español
                


                    Deutsch
                


                    Français
                








My Profile
Logout




                    Login                

                    Join                















 

 




 
















 Popular Links Antivirus CenterMost Popular New Releases Editor's Picks User Favorites Top Freeware


 Categories  Security  Most popular Security software Antivirus Software Corporate Security Software Encryption Software Firewall Software Internet Security Software Suites Monitoring Software Parental Control Popup Blocker Software Privacy Software Spyware Removers See all     Browsers   Chrome Extensions Firefox Add-ons & Plugins Internet Explorer Add-ons & Plugins Newsreaders & RSS Readers Offline Browsers Other Browser Add-ons & Plugins Web Browsers See all     Business  Accounting & Billing Software Business Applications CRM Software Database Management Software Document Management Software E-Commerce Software Inventory Software Office Suites Presentation Software Project Management Software Resume Software SEO Tools Small Business Tools Spreadsheet Software Tax Software Voice Recognition Software Word Processing Software See all     Communications   Chat Dial-up Software E-mail Software E-mail Utilities SMS Tools Spam Filters Web Phones & VoIP Software Webcam Software     Desktop Enhancements   Alarms & Clock Software Clipboard Software Cursors Desktop Customization Gadgets & Widgets Icon Tools Icons Launchers Tweaks Software Virtual Desktop Managers     Developer Tools   .NET ActiveX Coding Utilities Components & Libraries Database Software Debugging Software Developer Tutorials IDE Software Interpreters & Compilers Java Software Programming Software Software Installation Tools Source Code Tools Specialized Tools Web Development Software Web Site Tools XML Tools     Digital Photo  Digital Camera Firmware Digital Photo Tools Image Editing Software Image Viewers Media Management Photo Sharing & Publishing     Drivers   Audio Drivers Camera Drivers CD & DVD Drivers Game Controllers Keyboard Drivers Modem Drivers Motherboard Drivers Mouse Drivers Network Drivers Printer Drivers Scanner Drivers SCSI Drivers Storage Drivers USB Drivers Video Drivers     Education  E-book Software eBooks Fine Arts Software Genealogy Software Health & Fitness Software Language Software Map Software Math Software Other Reference Software Religious Software Science Software Student Tools Teaching Tools     Entertainment  Astrology Software Entertainment Software Humor Software Lifestyle Software Music Software Sports Software TV & Movies     Games   Action Games Adventure Games Arcade Games Board Games Card Games Driving & Racing Games First-Person Shooters Games Tools & Editors Kids Games Massively Multiplayer RPG Other Puzzles Platformer Games Real-Time Strategy Games Role-Playing Games Sim Games Sports Games Strategy Games     Graphic Design  3D Modeling Software Animation Software CAD Software Desktop Publishing Software Flash Software Font Tools Fonts Illustration Software PDF Software Photoshop Plugins & Filters     Home   DIY & How-To Software Hobby Software Home Inventory Software Kids & Parenting Software Landscape Design Software Miscellaneous Home Software Recipe Software Weather Software     Internet  Blogging Software & Tools Bookmark Managers Download Managers FTP Software Miscellaneous Online Form Tools Online Storage & Data Backup P2P & File-Sharing Software Password Managers Search Tools Social Networking Software     iTunes & iPod  iPod Backup iPod Utilities iPod Video Software iTunes Artwork iTunes Controllers iTunes Sharing iTunes Utilities Other iTunes & Ipod Software     MP3 & Audio  Audio Plugins Audio Production & Recording Software CD Burners DJ Software Karaoke Software Media Players Music Management Software Podcasting Software Ringtone Software Rippers & Converting Software Streaming Audio Software     Networking  File Server Software Internet Operations Network Management Software Network Tools Print Server Software Remote Access Wireless Networking Software     Productivity  Brainstorming and Mind-Mapping Software Calculators Calendar & Time Management Software Contact Management Software Other Personal Finance Software Text Editing Software     Screensavers & Wallpaper   Login Screens Screensaver Editors & Tools Screensavers Skins Theme Editors & Tools Themes Wallpaper Wallpaper Editors & Tools     Travel   City Guides Currency GPS Software Itineraries & Schedules Languages and Translators Lists Maps Restaurants Transportation     Utilities & OS   Applets & Add-Ins Automation Software Backup Software Battery Utilities Calculators Data Transfer & Sync Software Diagnostic Software File Compression File Management Maintenance & Optimization Operating Systems & Updates Other Portable Applications Printer Software System Utilities Uninstallers     Video  DVD Burners DVD Software Video Capture Software Video Converters Video Editing Software Video Players Video Publishing & Sharing   







Wise Driver Care


Download.com Exclusive: A user-friendly, all-in-one device manager that scans your computer for missing, outdated and corrupted drivers.
Read more








Linkin Park Interviewed

Our 2014 chat with bandmembers Joe Hahn and Mike Shinoda.






Keeping Your Files Private

The best tools to encrypt your hard drive, email,  messages, and Internet browsing.






Best Antivirus for Windows

Get the best malware protection for your Windows PC from Download.com.







Latest Stories




Google I/O wows with three jaw-dropping announcements

Google Lens comes to Google Assistant and Google Home and Google Photos get major updates.
Read more






Free Calling and Messaging with Amazon Echo Alexa

Amazon gives its virtual home assistant a big upgrade, at no cost.
Read more







Tale of the tape: What's the best video streaming service?

Youtube TV, Hulu, Netflix, and Sling TV fight for your eyeballs.
Read more






Friday 5: Google Earth, Pandora, YouTube, Apple's Clips, Lumino City

A Spotify challenger appears; Earth gets its first mobile update in 2.5 years.
Read more






Friday 5: Tidal, Spotify, YouTube TV, Hulu, FlipaClip

The war of the streaming services rages on, Hulu condenses TV shows to eight seconds, and a popular...
Read more






The best apps for spring cleaning and organizing your life

Get sorted with to-do lists, reminders, and password managers.
Read more






Friday 5: Google Calendar, Medium, Hardbound, Telegram, Messenger

This week we're getting serious about scheduling, learning, security, and sharing our location with...
Read more






Latest Windows Reviews
See all






Panda Free Antivirus for Windows review



A dodgy car with a great engine.

 




Microsoft Edge browser review



Slicing Internet Explorer to ribbons, but is it a cut above the rest?

 




AVG Internet Security for Windows review



Do you need to pay to get Windows locked down?

 




WhatsApp for Windows review



Bringing straightforward and private communication to laptops and desktop PCs.

 




Google Docs Suite for the Web



The Google Docs suite -- including Drive, Docs, Sheets, and Slides -- is a free, easy-to-use, and surprisingly rich collection of productivity software tools.

 










Popular Downloads







CCleaner

1




Avast Free Antivirus

2




Driver Booster

3




Malwarebytes

4






AVG AntiVirus Free

5






Advanced SystemCare Free

6






VirtualDJ 8

7






IObit Uninstaller

8






Driver Easy

9






VLC Media Player (64-bit)

10


LOAD MORE






WinRAR (64-bit)

11




WhatsApp for PC

12




YTD Video Downloader

13






PhotoScape

14






Free YouTube Downloader

15






Panda Free Antivirus

16






Internet Download Manager

17






Free YouTube Downloader

18






Advanced IP Scanner

19




IObit Malware Fighter

20
















 












 























 









iOS Apps - Free Downloads and Reviews
































































































Navigation
open search











Close
PLATFORMS














POPULAR LINKS

Latest News
Security and Antivirus Center
New Releases
User Favorites
Editor's Picks
Top Freeware

CATEGORIES


Browsers


Business Software


Communications


Digital Photo Software


Entertainment Software


Games


Internet Software


MP3 & Audio Software


Productivity Software


Screensavers & Wallpaper


Security Software


Utilities & Operating Systems


Video Software


HELP & SETTINGS

Link to CNET Site
Submit Feedback
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy



                © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.
            

                All Rights Reserved
            



















                        Windows
                

                        iOS
                

                        Android
                

                        Mac
                










 Enter to Search





Popular Apps


                Popular Android Apps
            



TubeMate YouTube Downloader






Google Play






VidMate






SHAREit - Transfer & Share






UC Browser - Fast Download






SnapTube






WhatsApp Messenger






YouTube






Youtube Downloader






APKPure



View all Android apps



                Popular Mac Apps
            



AVG AntiVirus for Mac






Avast Free Mac Security






5KPlayer






VirtualDJ






MacX YouTube Downloader






VLC Media Player






CCleaner






Microsoft Office 2011






Minecraft






Microsoft Office 2016 Preview



View all Mac apps



                Popular iOS Apps
            



NetTube Video Music Player & Playlist Manager






Facebook






imo free video calls and chat






WhatsApp Messenger






Apple iOS 9






BeautyPlus - Selfie Camera for a Beautiful Image






Instagram






Clash of Clans






Doodle Army 2 : Mini Militia - Online Multiplayer






Messenger



View all iOS apps



                Popular Windows Apps
            



CCleaner






Avast Free Antivirus






Driver Booster






Malwarebytes






AVG AntiVirus Free






Advanced SystemCare Free






VirtualDJ 8






IObit Uninstaller






Driver Easy






VLC Media Player (64-bit)



View all Windows apps



Top Categories



                            Browsers
                        


                            Entertainment
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Internet
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Productivity
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories




                            Browsers
                        


                            Chat & Messaging
                        


                            Developer Tools
                        


                            Drivers
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories




                            Browsers
                        


                            Business
                        


                            Entertainment
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Internet
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories




                            Browsers
                        


                            Business
                        


                            Design
                        


                            Drivers
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories



Guides




Microsoft Office and top productivity alternatives




                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Video players: Choosing the best
                    


                        Running Windows games smoothly
                    


                        Choose the best antivirus software
                    





Best Star Wars game apps for Android and iOS




                        Best iPhone keyboard
                    


                        Best value streaming-video service
                    


                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Shoot, edit, and share your videos
                    





14 Back-to-School Apps That Will Keep Your School Burden Light




                        Best free and paid VPNs -- and why you need one
                    


                        Android antivirus that won't slow your phone
                    


                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Stream Spotify from your phone to your TV
                    





14 Back-to-School Apps That Will Keep Your School Burden Light




                        Your backup plan: Best backup apps for Windows and Mac
                    


                        Microsoft Office and top productivity alternatives
                    


                        Best Security Software for Windows and Mac
                    


                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Best free and paid VPNs -- and why you need one
                    




        CNET
        




                    Reviews
                


                    News
                


                    Video
                


                    How To
                


                    Smart Home
                


                    Cars
                


                    Deals
                


                    CNET Home
                


                    Reviews at Guide.com
                




        English
        



            Choose Language
        

                    English
                


                    Español
                


                    Deutsch
                


                    Français
                








My Profile
Logout




                    Login                

                    Join                















 

 




 














 Popular links Antivirus Center Most Popular New Releases Editor's Picks User Favorites Top Freeware


 Categories  Browsers   Newsreaders & RSS Readers Web Browsers     Business Software   Accounting & Billing Software Auction Sites Auction Software Business Applications CRM Software Collaboration Software Document Management Software E-Commerce Software Help Desk Software Inventory Software Legal Software Office Suites Other Business Software Presentation Software Project Management Software Resume Software SEO Tools Spreadsheet Software Tax Software Voice Recognition Software Word Processing Software     Communications   Chat Dial-up Software E-mail Software E-mail Utilities SMS Tools Web Phones & VoIP Software Webcam Software     Digital Photo Software   Digital Camera Firmware Digital Photo Tools Image Editing Software Image Viewers Media Management Photo Sharing & Publishing     Entertainment Software   All Entertainment Software     Games   Action Games Adventure Games Arcade Games Board Games Cards & Lottery Driving Games First-person Shooter Games Utilities & Editors Kids Games Massively Multiplayer RPG Other Games Platformer Games Real-time Strategy Games Role-playing Simulation Sports Games Strategy Games Sudoku, Crossword & Puzzle Games     Internet Software   Blogging Software & Tools Download Managers Miscellaneous Search Tools Social Networking Software     MP3 & Audio Software   Audio Plugins Audio Production & Recording Software DJ Software Media PLayers Music Management Software Podcasting Software Ringtone Software Streaming Audio Software     Productivity Software   Calculators Calendar & Time Management Software Contact Management Software Other Personal Finance Software Text Editing Software     Security Software   Antivirus Software Monitoring Software Parental Controls Password Managers Privacy Software     Screensavers & Wallpaper   Screensavers Themes Wallpaper Wallpaper Editors & Tools     Utilities & Operating Systems   Applets & Add-Ins Automation Software Backup Software Battery Utilities Calculators Data Transfer & Sync Software Diagnostic Software File Compression File Management Maintenance & Optimization Operating Systems & Updates Other Portable Applications System Utilities     Video Software   Video Capture Software Video Converters Video Editing Software Video Players Video Publishing & Sharing   







Shadow of the day


Download.com remembers Linkin Park's Chester Bennington, following his tragic passing, with two band interviews.
Read more








Star Apps: Linkin Park

Linkin Park's rapper/multi-instrumentalist Mike Shinoda raps with Download.com about StageLight, developing video games, and the future of MySpace.






Star Apps: Glass Animals' Dave Bayley

The psych pop frontman gushes about his favorite recording software, social media apps, and emoji, and the app he'd invent to save humanity.






Apps for Your 4th of July Vacation Survival Kit

It's your patriotic duty to get the best gas, food, and lodging.







Latest Stories




Apple shows off iOS and MacOS updates at WWDC

Apple at its annual Worldwide Developer Conference this morning took the wraps off iOS 11 and MacOS...
Read more






IoT World promotes child safety with three connected devices

This sock, watch, and toothbrush should be in every child's survival kit.
Read more







Star Apps: Glass Animals' Dave Bayley

The psych pop frontman gushes about his favorite recording software, social media apps, and emoji, a...
Read more






Google I/O wows with three jaw-dropping announcements

Google Lens comes to Google Assistant and Google Home and Google Photos get major updates.
Read more






Free Calling and Messaging with Amazon Echo Alexa

Amazon gives its virtual home assistant a big upgrade, at no cost.
Read more






5 things to know about Thirstie

App of the week: Thirstie
Read more






5 drink delivery apps for Cinco de Mayo

Get lit and stay woke on this Mexican-American holiday.
Read more






Latest iOS Reviews
See all






Google Chrome for iOS review



Get the preferred desktop browser on your mobile device.

 




Spotify Music for iOS review



​Spotify lets you stream your favorite tunes on your iPhone or iPad.

 




Pandora Premium for iOS review



A pioneering music streamer explores the on-demand wilderness.

 




Citymapper for iOS review



​Drawing on real-time data, Citymapper helps chart your fastest public transit trip.

 




Twitter for iPhone review



​Twitter's official iOS app, in many ways, a much more practical tool than its browser-based sibling, packs a ton of features into an especially usable app.

 










Popular iOS apps





NetTube Video Music Player & Playlist Manager

1




Facebook

2




imo free video calls and chat

3




WhatsApp Messenger

4






Apple iOS 9

5




BeautyPlus - Selfie Camera for a Beautiful Image

6




Instagram

7




Clash of Clans

8




Doodle Army 2 : Mini Militia - Online Multiplayer

9




Messenger

10


LOAD MORE




Google Chrome - The Fast and Secure Web Browser

11




Sing Karaoke by Smule

12






YouTube

13




Subway Surfers

14






Free Tube Music - Mp3 Player and Playlist Manager for Cloud

15




Call Recorder FREE - Record Phone Calls for iPhone

16




Apple Store

17




WeChat

18




BoothCool - Fun party booth

19




Microsoft Excel

20















 












 























 








CERCACOR LABORATORIES - IRVINE, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



IRVINE



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            CERCACOR LABORATORIES
                                    



 





















C 


CERCACOR LABORATORIES
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



30 FAIRBANKS STE 100 IRVINE, CA 92618
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Cercacor Laboratories has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments from Irvine. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























cercacor laboratories, inc Jobs in California | Monster.com




































Skip to main content














































Jobs



cercacor laboratories, inc


California









Filter Results By:


Refinements:



California











City:

San Francisco
Los Angeles
San Diego
San Jose
Santa Clara

Show More 

Sacramento
Irvine
Sunnyvale
Palo Alto
Oakland

Show Less 




Industry:

IT
Sales
Healthcare
Logistics
Customer Service

Show More 

Manufacturing
Accounting
Engineering
Administrative
Education

Show Less 




Job Title:

Sales Associate
Assistant Store Manager
Assistant Manager
Store Manager
Cashier

Show More 

General Manager
Server
Cook
Hair Stylist
Dishwasher

Show Less 




Company:

AppleOne Companies
CyberCoders
Randstad




















         cercacor laboratories, inc Jobs in California 




Currently, there are no cercacor laboratories, inc jobs available in California.  You may wish to explore other locations on the cercacor laboratories, inc jobs page or view related jobs below.
Here are some related jobs:

New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Receptionist Income



Uber
 






Mountain View, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Restaurant Income



Uber
 






Richmond, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Secretary Income



Uber
 






Concord, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Technician Income



Uber
 






Hayward, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Medical Income



Uber
 






Palo Alto, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Truck Driver Income



Uber
 






Salinas, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Maintenance Income



Uber
 






Fremont, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Data Income



Uber
 






South San Francisco, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Maintenance Income



Uber
 






Millbrae, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Perfect Summer Work - Uber Driver Partner



Uber
 






Millbrae, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Store Manager Income



Uber
 






Concord, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Forklift Income



Uber
 






Stanford, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Summer Part Time



Uber
 






Milpitas, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your CDL Income



Uber
 






Santa Cruz, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Construction Income



Uber
 






Colma, CA
                            


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Receptionist Income



Uber
 






Brisbane, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Marketing Income



Uber
 






Sunnyvale, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Warehouse Income



Uber
 






Montara, CA
                            


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Truck Driver Income



Uber
 






Walnut Creek, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Uber Driver Partner - Supplement Your Delivery Income



Uber
 






San Jose, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














cercacor laboratories inc - City Pedia - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










MediaLab Official Site | MediaLabInc.net



Ad
 ·
www.MediaLabInc.net



Compliance, CE, and document control for clinical and medical labs.





Compliance & CE For Labs



Available Courses



Instant Quote




Document Control



Exam Simulator



Log In





Micro Essential Labs | MicroEssentialLab.com



Ad
 ·
www.MicroEssentialLab.com



Manufacturers of Hydrion pH papers since 1934. Quality Guaranteed.





Best Sellers



pH Test Kits




pHydrion pH Strips



pH Buffer Standards





Search Web Results - Search Several Engines | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Results



Search for What You're Looking For With 100's of Results at SearchAll




Searches related tocercacor laboratories inc



cercacor labs


cercacor irvine


american laboratories inc


cercacor masimo



cercacor ember


colorado analytical laboratories inc


laboratories near me


arup laboratories




Web Results

Cercacor - Noninvasive Hemoglobin Tracking for Sports Training

www.cercacor.com


Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. (“Cercacor”) warrants to the original purchaser that our products will be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal ...



Accuracy of Ember



Elevation & Hemoglobin



Blog



Exercise & Hemoglobin



Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/company/cercacor-laboratories-inc-


Learn about working at Cercacor Laboratories, Inc.. Join LinkedIn today for free. See who you know at Cercacor Laboratories, Inc., leverage your professional network ...


Cercacor Laboratories Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/.../0113661D:US-cercacor-laboratories-inc


Company profile & key executives for Cercacor Laboratories Inc (0113661D:-) including description, corporate address, management team and contact info.


cercacor laboratories, inc Jobs in California | Monster.com

https://www.monster.com/jobs/c-cercacor-laboratories__2c-inc-l...


Find a job at cercacor laboratories, inc in California. Search Monster for cercacor laboratories, inc job opportunities in California and apply for your future job.


About Us - Cercacor - Noninvasive Hemoglobin Tracking for ...

www.cercacor.com/about-us


Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. (“Cercacor”) warrants to the original purchaser that our products will be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal ...


Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. - Company Profile

https://www.corporationwiki.com/California/Irvine/cercacor...


View company leaders and background information for Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. Search our database of over 100 million company and executive profiles.


Cercacor Laboratories Inc - Start Cortera

https://start.cortera.com/.../l2j9ssl7m/cercacor-laboratories-inc


Free Business profile for CERCACOR LABORATORIES INC at 40 Parker, Irvine, CA, 92618-1604, US. CERCACOR LABORATORIES INC specializes in: Commercial Physical and ...


Gerry Hammarth at Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/gerryhammarth


View Gerry Hammarth’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Gerry Hammarth discover inside ...


Cercacor - How Ember's non-invasive hemoglobin technology ...

technology.cercacor.com


A brief explanation of how the technology developed by Cercacor works, to noninvasive acquire your hemoglobin and display it on your smartphone.










MediaLab Official Site | MediaLabInc.net



Ad
 ·
www.MediaLabInc.net



Compliance, CE, and document control for clinical and medical labs.





Compliance & CE For Labs



Available Courses



Instant Quote




Document Control



Exam Simulator



Log In





Micro Essential Labs | MicroEssentialLab.com



Ad
 ·
www.MicroEssentialLab.com



Manufacturers of Hydrion pH papers since 1934. Quality Guaranteed.





Best Sellers



pH Test Kits




pHydrion pH Strips



pH Buffer Standards





Search Web Results - Search Several Engines | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Results



Search for What You're Looking For With 100's of Results at SearchAll



Searches related tocercacor laboratories inc



cercacor labs


cercacor irvine


american laboratories inc


cercacor masimo



cercacor ember


colorado analytical laboratories inc


laboratories near me


arup laboratories




12345Next






Answers







Inwood Laboratories, Inc. v. Ives...



Inwood Laboratories Inc. v. Ives Laboratories, Inc. was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court set forth the standard for analyzing...

more






Buyers Laboratory Inc



Buyers Laboratory Inc is a company which provides information on the imaging industry. It was founded in 1961 by the late Arthur Kallet, the co-founder...

more






BRT Laboratories



BRT Laboratories, Inc. is a Baltimore, Maryland based biotechnology company that performs DNA testing. The company has three Relationship Testing,...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








