




















 



 Hillenbrand Names Kristina A. Cerniglia as Chief Financial Officer 
         










    










 






 











 









Hillenbrand Names Kristina A. Cerniglia as Chief Financial Officer

Jun 23, 2014, 16:46 ET
		  		  						
						 from   Hillenbrand, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Kristina A. Cerniglia named as Chief Financial Officer at Hillenbrand (PRNewsFoto/Hillenbrand, Inc.)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Kristina A. Cerniglia named as Chief Financial Officer at Hillenbrand (PRNewsFoto/Hillenbrand, Inc.)
 


 

 




 





 


BATESVILLE, Ind., June 23, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Hillenbrand, Inc. (NYSE:   HI) today announced that Kristina A. Cerniglia will be joining the company as its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). She will report directly to Joe Raver, President and Chief Executive Officer.  Raver had launched a global search to fill the position following the planned resignation of the company's previous CFO. Cerniglia will start with the Company in early August.  
"Kristina's deep industrial experience and insight will be a tremendous asset to our company as we work to grow both organically and through acquisitions," said Raver. "As we continue to transform Hillenbrand into a global diversified industrial company, it is vital that we attract leaders with relevant experience and a proven track record of success in the industrial equipment space."
As the CFO, Cerniglia will lead the company's finance organization, overseeing financial planning and analysis, reporting, tax, treasury, investor relations and internal audit.  Cerniglia will also play a critical role in shaping Hillenbrand's strategy as well as leading the company's engagement with investors and analysts.
Cerniglia has more than 25 years of financial experience, most recently serving as Vice President, Corporate Controller at Stanley Black & Decker, an $11 billion diversified global provider of power and hand tools, mechanical access solutions, and electronic monitoring systems.  She brings specific expertise in global financial management, financial reporting, and acquisition integration.  Prior to Stanley Black & Decker, Cerniglia spent nine years at United Technologies Corporation in various financial roles of increasing responsibility.
"We were diligent in our search for a candidate who fits with our long-term strategic vision and would help us achieve our goals," said Raver. "Kristina brings a wealth of industrial manufacturing experience to the CFO position that we will utilize to drive additional value throughout the enterprise."
Since becoming a publicly traded company in 2008, Hillenbrand has transformed from a $650 million North American death care business to a $1.6 billion global diversified industrial company. Hillenbrand now operates two business segments: The Process Equipment Group and Batesville. The Process Equipment Group has multiple market-leading brands of process and material handling equipment and systems serving a wide variety of industries across the globe. Batesville is a recognized leader in the North American death care industry. Batesville serves as the Company's core cash-generating operation helping Hillenbrand execute its strategy of growing both organically and through acquisitions.
About Hillenbrand, Inc.
Hillenbrand (www.Hillenbrand.com) is a global diversified industrial company that makes and sells premium business-to-business products and services for a wide variety of industries. We pursue profitable growth and meaningful dividends for our shareholders by leveraging our leading brands, robust cash generation capabilities and strong core competencies. 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140623/120689 
 SOURCE  Hillenbrand, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.Hillenbrand.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jul 30, 2014, 16:35 ET
Preview: Hillenbrand Schedules Third-Quarter 2014 Earnings Call for August 7













May 09, 2014, 16:02 ET
Preview: Hillenbrand Declares Third Quarter Dividend of $0.1975 Per Share






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











May 03, 2017, 16:34 ET
Hillenbrand Schedules Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call for August...














May 03, 2017, 16:34 ET
Hillenbrand to Present at the 2017 Jefferies Industrials...














May 03, 2017, 16:34 ET
Hillenbrand Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


HI Kristina A. Cerniglia Insider Trades for Hillenbrand Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Hillenbrand Inc.

                  NYSE: HI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Hillenbrand Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 4:58 p.m.


HI

/quotes/zigman/500301/composite


$
36.05




Change

-0.0043
-0.01%

Volume
Volume 329
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/500301/composite
Today's close

$
			36.25
		


$
				36.05
			
Change

-0.20
-0.55%





Day low
Day high
$36.00
$36.45










52 week low
52 week high

            $28.60
        

            $39.00
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Kristina A. Cerniglia



Ms. Kristina A. Cerniglia is Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President at Hillenbrand, Inc.
Ms. Cerniglia was previously employed as Vice President & Corporate Controller by Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





10/03/2016
4,159


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.54 per share.


131,175


10/03/2016
8,916


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.54 per share.


281,210


10/01/2015
2,782


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $25.81 per share.


71,804


10/01/2015
8,683


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $25.81 per share.


224,108


08/13/2015
3,300


 
Disposition at $29.87 per share.


98,571


08/07/2015
7,170


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $29.62 per share.


212,376


08/07/2015
22,384


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $29.62 per share.


663,014





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Joe Anthony Raver 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Ms. Kristina A. Cerniglia 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Diane R. Bohman 
Chief Administrative Officer & Senior VP




Mr. Chris  Trainor 
Senior Vice President




Mr. John R. Zerkle 
Senior Vice President & General Counsel-Emeritus




Ms. Kimberly K. Ryan 
Senior Vice President




Mr. Ulf  Zimmerling 
Vice President




Mr. Darryl  Maslar 
Vice President-Enterprise Information Systems




Mr. Richard S. Barnett 
Vice President & Associate General Counsel




Mr. Scott P. George 
Senior Vice President-Corporate Development




Mr. William A. Canady 
Senior VP-Corporate Strategy & Industrial Products




Mr. James  Huchison 
Vice President-Tax




Mr. Theodore S. Haddad 
Treasurer & Vice President




Mr. Eric M. Teegarden 
Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Ms. Tory  Flynn 
Director-Corporate Communications




Mr. Christopher M. Gordon 
Director-Investor Relations




Mr. Nicholas R. Farrell 
Secretary, Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Francis Joseph  Loughrey 
Chairman




Mr. Gary L. Collar 
Independent Director




Mr. Edward B. Cloues 
Independent Director




Mr. Neil S. Novich 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas H. Johnson 
Independent Director




Mr. Mark C. DeLuzio 
Independent Director




Mr. Eduardo R. Menascé 
Independent Director




Ms. Helen W. Cornell 
Independent Director




Mr. Stuart A. Taylor 
Independent Director




Ms. Joy M. Greenway 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:22 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:11pScaramucci says Trump’s love of pizza shows he’s not an elitist — 5 ways rich people act humble
11:11pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
11:10pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague in meetings
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
11:04pA provocative new analysis suggests you don’t have to take all your antibiotics after all
9:01pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
8:32pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
8:14pRedfin prices IPO higher than expected for $1.2 billion valuation
8:06pSpaceX valuation jumps to $21 billion on new financing round
7:15pHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
7:14pHeadline: Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster
6:55pSenate passes Russia sanctions bill on 98-2 vote
6:47pScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
6:39pEthereum struggles to rise as regulatory scrutiny weighs on digital currency
6:04pThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
6:03pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
5:48pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
5:48pWhat a constant stream of oil company spending cuts means for crude prices
5:43pAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart
5:33pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




























































Kristina M Cerniglia - Arlington Heights, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kristina M Cerniglia in Arlington Heights, IL


Kristina M Cerniglia

                                                                                       Intelius found that Kristina M Cerniglia  is  a female between 40 and 50 years old from Arlington Heights, IL.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

Kristie M Cerniglia
Kristie M Perillo
Kristina M Perillo
M C Kristina


Get Report Now

Age

Kristina M Cerniglia is in her 40s

Kristina Has Lived In

Arlington Heights, IL
Des Plaines, IL
Palatine, IL

Kristina's Relatives

Brian Cerniglia







Kristina M Cerniglia



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Instructional Development at Community Consolidated School District 59



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kristina? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kristina, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kristina M Cerniglia
Get a Criminal Check on Kristina M Cerniglia
Get a Public Record Report on Kristina M Cerniglia
Get a People Search Report on Kristina M Cerniglia


Kristina M Cerniglia's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kristina M Cerniglia has lived as well as Kristina M Cerniglia's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kristina M Cerniglia Has Lived in 1 States
Illinois Address for Kristina M Cerniglia


1147 N H****** A** 

Arlington Heights, IL


Has Lived In

Arlington Heights, IL
Des Plaines, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kristina M Cerniglia

(847) ***-**** - Arlington Heights, IL 
(847) ***-**** - Arlington Heights, IL 
() ***-**** - Arlington Heights, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kristina M Cerniglia

k********a@***.com
c****************a@***.org


Get Email Report




Kristina M Cerniglia's Professional Information
Information regarding Kristina M Cerniglia's professional history.  Find out previous places Kristina M Cerniglia has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kristina M Cerniglia Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Community Consolidated School District 59
               Title: Instructional Development
Kristina M Cerniglia's Experience
Title: Instructional Development
               Company: Community Consolidated School District 59
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 500 to less than 1,000. We have an amazing group of teachers, educational service personnel, coaches, support staff, and administrators who collaborate to give our students a cutting edge junior high school experience! Our goal is to prepare students for success in life! To accomplish this, students engage in a rigorous comprehensive curriculum that emphasizes best practices in education. We look to create "thinking" classrooms where student ideas are a valued and utilized part of the program. Special emphasis is made on student collaboration, problem-solving, and digital literacy. Our collaborative staff works very hard to develop a standards-based curriculum that is aligned throughout the content and grade levels toward a set of learning standards focused on what students can do. We offer over forty extracurricular opportunities! These include athletic, artistic, social, and leadership programs. This is an amazing opportunity for our students to supplement their education and make life-long connections with other students and adults. We also offer a variety of electives that stimulate a myriad of interests ranging from art and music to innovative technology education. These programs are led by dedicated teachers looking to inspire our students and create pathways for the future. We have something to offer every student. I'm very proud to be a part of Grove Junior High School! Prior to this opportunity, I taught and coached at St. Patrick High School in Chicago, Chino High School in Chino, California, and most recently at Rolling Meadows High School in District 214. I was also lucky enough to work as a Division Head at Rolling Meadows High School supervising the English Language Learner, Social Science, and World Language departments. I received my undergraduate degree at Valparaiso University where I studied Secondary Education and Psychology. At DePaul University, I received a Masters Degree in Curriculum and Instruction. Most of my free time is spent with my wonderful wife chasing our three energetic boys. Education has always been more than a career for me. I see it as an opportunity to change kids' lives and thus positively impact the community and nation as a whole. The Grove Faculty and Staff has taken on this noble cause with strategic planning and professionalism. Our faculty, staff, and administration is focused on the absolute best for every child! We will do everything we can do to provide life long opportunities for our students. Our hope is to build partnerships with our community and families. Please contact us if you have any questions. We look forward to supporting you in any way possible.
Additional Professional Information on Kristina M Cerniglia

 See Kristina M Cerniglia's LinkedIn Profile



Kristina M Cerniglia's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kristina M Cerniglia


Kristina M Cerniglia's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kristina M Cerniglia's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kristina Cerniglia
Username Matches

                  KristinaCerniglia
                  CernigliaKristina
                  Kristina.Cerniglia
                  Cerniglia.Kristina
                  Kristina_Cerniglia
                  Cerniglia_Kristina
                  Kristina-Cerniglia
                  Cerniglia-Kristina
                  KCerniglia
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Cerniglia







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Kristina A. Cerniglia - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Kristina A. Cerniglia
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Hillenbrand, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Kristina A. Cerniglia? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kristina A. Cerniglia's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kristina A. Cerniglia's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kristina A. Cerniglia's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kristina A. Cerniglia through your network of contacts.
												








Kristina A. Cerniglia's Executive Work History


Current


Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
Hillenbrand, Inc.


Past
To view Kristina A. Cerniglia's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
50

 
 


Kristina A. Cerniglia's Biography




			Kristina A. Cerniglia, 50, was elected Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer effective August 2014. Ms. Cerniglia has more than 25 years of industrial experience. Before assuming the role as Hillenbrand's Chief Financial Officer, she spent 17 years serving in a variety of leadership roles, most recently as Vice President and Corporate Controller (2010-2014), at Stanley Black & Decker, a global provider of power and hand tools, mechanical access solutions, and electronic monitoring systems. Prior to that, she spent nine years of her career at United Technologies Corporation in various financial roles.
		
Source: Hillenbrand, Inc. on 11/16/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kristina A. Cerniglia's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Kristina A. Cerniglia. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kristina A. Cerniglia's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kristina A. Cerniglia's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kristina A. Cerniglia through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Kristina A. Cerniglia


















Kristina A. Cerniglia's Connections (25)





Sign up now to view Kristina A. Cerniglia's 25 connections »









Neil S. Novich
Board Member, W.W. Grainger, Inc.









F. Joseph Loughrey
Chairman of the Board, Hillenbrand, Inc.









Eduardo R. Menasce
Board Member, Hillenbrand, Inc.









Gary L. Collar
Senior Vice President and General Manager, Asia/Pacific, AGCO









Paul D. Wilson
Former Sr. VP, & Chief Adm. Officer, Hillenbrand, Inc.









Kimberly K. Ryan
Senior Vice President and President, Coperion, Hillenbrand, Inc.









Thomas H. Johnson
Board Member, Hillenbrand, Inc.









W. August Hillenbrand
Former Board Member, Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc.









Christopher H. Trainor
Senior Vice President and President, Batesville, Hillenbrand, Inc.









Thomas Kehl
Former Senior Vice President and President, Coperion, Hillenbrand, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













































Hillenbrand Names Kristina A. Cerniglia as Chief Financial Officer | Hillenbrand











Hillenbrand Names Kristina A. Cerniglia as Chief Financial Officer













Posted by: Hillenbrand  | Monday, June 23, 2014 12:46 pm 
BATESVILLE, Ind., June 23, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Hillenbrand, Inc. (NYSE: HI) today announced that Kristina A. Cerniglia will be joining the company as its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). She will report directly to Joe Raver, President and Chief Executive Officer.  Raver had launched a global search to fill the position following the planned resignation of the company's previous CFO. Cerniglia will start with the Company in early August.  
http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnvar/20140623/120689
"Kristina's deep industrial experience and insight will be a tremendous asset to our company as we work to grow both organically and through acquisitions," said Raver. "As we continue to transform Hillenbrand into a global diversified industrial company, it is vital that we attract leaders with relevant experience and a proven track record of success in the industrial equipment space."
As the CFO, Cerniglia will lead the company's finance organization, overseeing financial planning and analysis, reporting, tax, treasury, investor relations and internal audit.  Cerniglia will also play a critical role in shaping Hillenbrand's strategy as well as leading the company's engagement with investors and analysts.
Cerniglia has more than 25 years of financial experience, most recently serving as Vice President, Corporate Controller at Stanley Black & Decker, an $11 billion diversified global provider of power and hand tools, mechanical access solutions, and electronic monitoring systems.  She brings specific expertise in global financial management, financial reporting, and acquisition integration.  Prior to Stanley Black & Decker, Cerniglia spent nine years at United Technologies Corporation in various financial roles of increasing responsibility.
"We were diligent in our search for a candidate who fits with our long-term strategic vision and would help us achieve our goals," said Raver. "Kristina brings a wealth of industrial manufacturing experience to the CFO position that we will utilize to drive additional value throughout the enterprise."
Since becoming a publicly traded company in 2008, Hillenbrand has transformed from a $650 million North American death care business to a $1.6 billion global diversified industrial company. Hillenbrand now operates two business segments: The Process Equipment Group and Batesville. The Process Equipment Group has multiple market-leading brands of process and material handling equipment and systems serving a wide variety of industries across the globe. Batesville is a recognized leader in the North American death care industry. Batesville serves as the Company's core cash-generating operation helping Hillenbrand execute its strategy of growing both organically and through acquisitions.
About Hillenbrand, Inc.Hillenbrand (www.Hillenbrand.com) is a global diversified industrial company that makes and sells premium business-to-business products and services for a wide variety of industries. We pursue profitable growth and meaningful dividends for our shareholders by leveraging our leading brands, robust cash generation capabilities and strong core competencies. 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140623/120689 
SOURCE  Hillenbrand, Inc.


Photo:http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140623/120689http://photoarchive.ap.org/



SOURCE: Hillenbrand, Inc.


Hillenbrand Names Kristina A. Cerniglia as Chief Financial Officer
PR Newswire
BATESVILLE, Ind., June 23, 2014

BATESVILLE, Ind., June 23, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Hillenbrand, Inc. (NYSE: HI) today announced that Kristina A. Cerniglia will be joining the company as its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). She will report directly to Joe Raver, President and Chief Executive Officer.  Raver had launched a global search to fill the position following the planned resignation of the company's previous CFO. Cerniglia will start with the Company in early August.  
"Kristina's deep industrial experience and insight will be a tremendous asset to our company as we work to grow both organically and through acquisitions," said Raver. "As we continue to transform Hillenbrand into a global diversified industrial company, it is vital that we attract leaders with relevant experience and a proven track record of success in the industrial equipment space."
As the CFO, Cerniglia will lead the company's finance organization, overseeing financial planning and analysis, reporting, tax, treasury, investor relations and internal audit.  Cerniglia will also play a critical role in shaping Hillenbrand's strategy as well as leading the company's engagement with investors and analysts.
Cerniglia has more than 25 years of financial experience, most recently serving as Vice President, Corporate Controller at Stanley Black & Decker, an $11 billion diversified global provider of power and hand tools, mechanical access solutions, and electronic monitoring systems.  She brings specific expertise in global financial management, financial reporting, and acquisition integration.  Prior to Stanley Black & Decker, Cerniglia spent nine years at United Technologies Corporation in various financial roles of increasing responsibility.
"We were diligent in our search for a candidate who fits with our long-term strategic vision and would help us achieve our goals," said Raver. "Kristina brings a wealth of industrial manufacturing experience to the CFO position that we will utilize to drive additional value throughout the enterprise."
Since becoming a publicly traded company in 2008, Hillenbrand has transformed from a $650 million North American death care business to a $1.6 billion global diversified industrial company. Hillenbrand now operates two business segments: The Process Equipment Group and Batesville. The Process Equipment Group has multiple market-leading brands of process and material handling equipment and systems serving a wide variety of industries across the globe. Batesville is a recognized leader in the North American death care industry. Batesville serves as the Company's core cash-generating operation helping Hillenbrand execute its strategy of growing both organically and through acquisitions.
About Hillenbrand, Inc.Hillenbrand (www.Hillenbrand.com) is a global diversified industrial company that makes and sells premium business-to-business products and services for a wide variety of industries. We pursue profitable growth and meaningful dividends for our shareholders by leveraging our leading brands, robust cash generation capabilities and strong core competencies. 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140623/120689 
SOURCE  Hillenbrand, Inc.


CONTACT: Investor Relations for Hillenbrand: Chris Gordon, Director, Investor Relations, 812-931-5001, chris.gordon@hillenbrand.com; Public Policy & Engagement for Hillenbrand: Chris Lowery, Director Public Policy & Engagement, 812-934-1850, chris.lowery@hillenbrand.com 
Web Site: http://www.Hillenbrand.com 


Share:





















	Hillenbrand Inc - Investor Relations - Corporate Governance - Hillenbrand Management

















































Hillenbrand









Investor Relations





Home  >  Investor Relations  >  Corporate Governance  >  Hillenbrand Management






Home  >  Investor Relations  >  Corporate Governance  >  Hillenbrand Management











Print




Stock Quote



NYSE:HI




NYSE: HI

July 27 - 04:02 PM 




$
36.05


Change
% Change
-0.20
(-0.55%)



Open
36.30


Volume
285,054




Day High
36.45


Day Low
36.00




52 Week High
39.00


52 Week Low
28.60




Previous Close
36.25


Pricing delayed 20 minutes







Email Alerts



Email Address


*








Mailing Lists






Press Release

SEC Filing

Events

End-of-Day Stock Quote










 





Enter the code shown above.



*













Quick Links

Email Alerts Signup
Request Information
Download Library
RSS Feeds




 	If you held common stock in K-Tron International,
find out how to receive payment for your shares. 	 
California's Transparency in Supply Chain Act of 2010







Joe A. Raver
,


,

, Hillenbrand President and CEO







Joe was named President and Chief Executive Officer in 2013. He previously served as president of Hillenbrand's Process Equipment Group Platform. Prior to these roles, he spent 18-years in various key positions with Hillenbrand. He also served as president of Batesville for three years. Before that, Mr. Raver held the position of vice president and general manager of the Respiratory Care Division at Hill-Rom, a leading global provider of medical technologies. From 1994 until 2004, Mr. Raver held leadership roles with Batesville in the areas of merchandising, strategy, and logistics.






Kristina A. Cerniglia
,


,

, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer







Ms. Kristina Cerniglia is the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Hillenbrand Inc., a global diversified industrial company headquartered in Batesville, Indiana. In this role, she leads the company's finance organization, overseeing financial planning and analysis, reporting, tax, treasury, investor relations, and internal audit. Ms. Cerniglia also plays a critical role in shaping Hillenbrand's strategy as well as leading the company's engagement with investors and analysts. Ms. Cerniglia has more than 25 years of industrial experience. Before assuming the role as Hillenbrand's CFO, she served as Vice President and Corporate Controller at Stanley Black & Decker, an $11 billion global provider of power and hand tools, mechanical access solutions, and electronic monitoring systems. She also spent nine years of her career at United Technologies Corporation in various financial roles.






Diane R. Bohman, CPA
,


,

, Senior Vice President, Strategy & Corporate Development (Interim) and Senior Vice President, Human Resources (Interim)







Diane is the Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer for Hillenbrand. In this position, she leads the enterprise information systems, human resources, legal, and public policy functions. Diane previously served as senior vice president of integration. In that role, she worked to ensure Coperion's successful integration into the company after they were acquired by Hillenbrand in 2012. Prior to that, she served as vice president, logistics; vice president and chief financial officer; and vice president, strategy, for Batesville Casket Company from 2005 to 2011. Additionally, Diane worked for seven years at Hill-Rom Company, Inc., holding a broad array of positions in the finance organization. She began her career in the business assurance practice of Coopers & Lybrand, LLP.






Bill Canady
,


,

, Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Industrial Products







Bill became Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Industrial Products, in November 2013. He is responsible for the company-wide strategy management process as well as oversight of Rotex and TerraSource Global: both subsidiaries of Hillenbrand, Inc. He came to Hillenbrand from IDEX Corporation where he served as vice president of strategy and aftermarket fluid metering technologies. Bill has held several leadership roles throughout his 25 years in the industrial products space. Over his career, he has built an expansive global portfolio by establishing a business presence in Brazil, China, India, the Middle East, and throughout Europe.






Nicholas R. Farrell
,


,

, Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer.







Nick was named Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary on October 1, 2015.  Prior to this, he served as the company’s Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Nick joined Hillenbrand in 2011, after six years in private practice with Troutman Sanders in Atlanta, Georgia.






Kimberly K. Ryan
,


,

, Senior Vice President, Hillenbrand, Inc.  President, Coperion







Kim is the President of Coperion, an operating company of Hillenbrand, Inc. (NYSE: HI) and the world market and technology leader for compounding & extrusion, materials handling and service. Previously, Kim served in a number of senior roles at Hillenbrand including President of Batesville. She started her career with Batesville Casket Company in 1989, and during her 25 years in the Hillenbrand organization, has worked in finance, strategy, new product development, logistics, information technology, sales and marketing.






Chris Trainor
,


,

, Senior Vice President, Hillenbrand, Inc.  President, Batesville







Chris was recently named President Batesville Casket Company in April 2015, after having served as Sr. Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer. Chris joined Batesville in 2010 as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and was later assigned additional responsibilities for oversight of Human Resources and Information Technology. Prior to joining Batesville, Chris spent seventeen years with Kraft Foods where he held a variety of finance roles in both the United States and United Kingdom.






Theodore S. Haddad, CPA
,


,

, Vice President and Treasurer 







Ted was named Vice President and Treasurer in 2010. He first joined the company as the chief accounting officer in 2007. Previously, he had served as a senior manager in the Audit and Business Advisory Services group of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, and in a similar position at Arthur Andersen, LLP, before that.






James Huchison
,


,

, Vice President, Tax







James was named Vice President, Tax in September 2014. He leads Hillenbrand's tax services group providing domestic and international tax planning and compliance services. James developed his tax knowledge and experience as a tax director with PricewaterhouseCoopers and as the Senior Director of Tax for Omnicare, Inc. 






Eric M.  Teegarden, CPA
,


,

, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer & Controller Hillenbrand







Mr. Eric M. Teegarden is Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller at Hillenbrand, a global diversified industrial company headquartered in Batesville, Indiana. 

Mr. Teegarden has been in his current role with Hillenbrand since July 2015.  Prior to his current role, Mr. Teegarden spent nearly eight years in controller roles of increasing responsibility within General Electric Company (GE), serving in a wide range of GE manufacturing businesses from appliances to lighting to jet engines.  Prior to GE, he served in reporting and accounting roles in two smaller, publicly-traded manufacturing companies.  Mr. Teegarden spent the first three years of his career, beginning in 2000, in public accounting for both Arthur Andersen and Deloitte & Touche where his focus was on energy companies and companies in financial distress. 

In addition to his role as Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller, Mr. Teegarden serves as a member of the American Institute of CPAs and the Kentucky Society of CPA’s. He was CPA certified in 2001 and serves as an advisor to the MBA program at Northern Kentucky University.

Mr. Teegarden holds a master’s of business administration from Northern Kentucky University, as well as bachelor’s degrees in business administration and accounting from Transylvania University in Lexington, KY.







Ulf Zimmerling
,


,

, Vice President and Associate General Counsel EMEAA







Ulf joined Hillenbrand as Vice President and Associate General Counsel in September 2013.  Before joining the Hillenbrand team, Ulf developed his legal knowledge and experience during more than 14 years in various leadership roles.  He began his career as an attorney in the fields of corporate law and M&A focusing on leading teams on cross-border transactional projects at the law firms of Clifford Chance and Allen & Overy.  Ulf subsequently joined Bayer AG’s HealthCare business to lead its legal M&A activities globally and was subsequently General Counsel at Intendis GmbH, Bayer’s global dermatology unit.  In his current role as Associate General Counsel for Hillenbrand Ulf functions as the counsel responsible for all Hillenbrand businesses, including Coperion, in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia (EMEAA). 






Bhavik Soni
,


,

, Vice President & Chief Information Officer







 Bhavik was named Vice President & Chief Information Officer in May 2017. Prior to joining Hillenbrand, Bhavik was the Chief Information Officer – IT & Engineering Systems for Honda Aircraft Company.   Bhavik also held various IT leadership roles with GE, including Chief Information Officer, GE Oil and Gas - Artificial Lift. 



















        © 2017 Hillenbrand Inc. All Rights Reserved.
    



















Kristina Cerniglia – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending June 27, 2014
Posted on June 30, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Genpact Limited 
RTI International Metals, Inc. 
Groupon, Inc. 


Hillenbrand, Inc. 
Kolltan Pharmaceuticals
Ruby Tuesday, Inc. 


Greenbelt Resources Corporation 
Health Care REIT, Inc. 
PIXIA Corp.


API Technologies Corp. 
Cinemark Holdings, Inc. 
Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. 


Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation 
Cordoba Corporation 
Cirque Energy, Inc. 


MFC Industrial Ltd. 
MTS Systems Corporation 
Virobay, Inc.


Pilot Chemical Company
Innovari
Data Intensity


Eisai Inc. 
Landauer, Inc. 
CRAiLAR Technologies Inc. 


SAVO Group
Spotlight Innovation, Inc. 
Sibling Group Holdings, Inc. 


Nutroganics, Inc. 
Novatel Wireless, Inc.
Bank First 


Epic Health Services, Inc.
Chico’s FAS, Inc. 
Energy Recovery Inc.


Bob Evans Farms, Inc.
Cytec Industries Inc.




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Genpact Limited (NYSE: G) announced that Edward J. Fitzpatrick has been appointed chief financial officer effective July 15, 2014. Fitzpatrick most recently served as the CFO of Motorola Solutions Inc.  He succeeds Mohit Bhatia, who has served as Genpact CFO since 2010.  Bhatia will remain with the company in the position of SVP, Internal Transformation reporting to the CEO and will assist Fitzpatrick in the transition. Fitzpatrick joined Motorola in 2000 and served as chief financial officer from February 2009 to August 2013. Prior to Motorola’s acquisition of General Instrument Corporation, Fitzpatrick was part of the finance team at General Instrument. He began his career at Price Waterhouse.
RTI International Metals, Inc. (NYSE: RTI) announced that effective July 1, 2014, Michael G. McAuley joins RTI as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Current Senior Vice President Bill Hull becomes RTI’s first Chief Risk Officer after seven years as the company’s CFO. From 2004 to 2012 McAuley held positions including Vice President and Treasurer, and Vice President and Segment Controller at Goodrich Corporation, acquired by United Technologies Corporation in July 2012. Prior to joining Goodrich, McAuley spent more than 16 years at Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., in corporate and divisional financial management positions that included investor relations, controller, financial analyst and auditor.
Groupon, Inc. (NASDAQ: GRPN) announced the appointment of Ann Ziegler as an independent director. Ms. Ziegler will be a member of the firm’s Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. Ms. Ziegler is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CDW, Inc. She joined CDW in 2008. Prior to joining CDW, Ms. Ziegler held a number of executive positions with Sara Lee, including finance, strategy and general management roles in both United States and international businesses. She also serves on the board of directors of Hanesbrands, Inc. 
Hillenbrand, Inc. (NYSE: HI) announced that Kristina A. Cerniglia will be joining the company as its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Cerniglia will start with the Company in early August. Cerniglia most recently served as Vice President, Corporate Controller at Stanley Black & Decker.  Prior to Stanley Black & Decker, Cerniglia spent nine years at United Technologies Corporation in various financial roles of increasing responsibility.
Kolltan Pharmaceuticals appointed Jane Henderson to the newly established position of Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Business Officer. In addition to her role at Kolltan, Ms. Henderson currently serves on the Board of Directors of Eleven Biotherapeutics. Prior to joining Kolltan, she served as Vice President, Business Development at ISTA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Previously, Ms. Henderson was Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer of Panacos Pharmaceuticals and served in similar roles at Axerion Therapeutics. Prior to these corporate positions, she held senior investment banking positions for close to two decades in the health care groups of HSBC Securities, CIBC World Markets, Lehman Brothers and Salomon Brothers.
Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (NYSE: RT) announced that Jill Golder has been promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, succeeding Michael Moore who announced his retirement. Ms. Golder joined Ruby Tuesday on April 15, 2013 as Senior Vice President, Finance, initially leading Financial Planning and Analysis, and Marketing Analytics, and assumed leadership of Information Technology and Investor Relations during the last year. Prior to joining Ruby Tuesday, she was the Chief Financial Officer for Cooper’s Hawk Winery & Restaurants. Ms. Golder spent 23 years at Darden Restaurants holding progressively responsible positions in finance. During her last 10 years with Darden, Ms. Golder held the position of Senior Vice President, Finance, leading finance for brands including Olive Garden, Red Lobster, and the Specialty Restaurant Group.
Greenbelt Resources Corporation (OTC: GRCO) announced the appointment of Joseph Pivinski as Chief Financial Officer. Pivinski has served as interim CFO since July 2013.
Health Care REIT, Inc. (NYSE: HCN) announced that Geoffrey G. Meyers has been appointed to its Board of Directors and will serve on the Compensation, Investment and Planning Committees. Mr. Meyers has more than 30 years of health care industry experience, having most recently served as Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer of HCR Manor Care, Inc. From 1998 until his retirement in 2006, Mr. Meyers served as Chief Financial Officer for HCR Manor Care, Inc. Prior to his work at HCR Manor Care, Mr. Meyers served as CFO of the Health Care Division of Owens-Illinois, Inc. Mr. Meyers is currently a member of the Board of Directors of HCA. He is also Chairman of the Board of Directors of PharMerica.
PIXIA Corp. announced Bill Santo as their new Chief Financial Officer. Bill served as CEO of Firepond. He also served as Founder and CEO of InfoCellular. Prior to joining PIXIA Corp., Bill served as Managing Director at Sanders Morris Harris Group, CIO of Madison Williams and Company (an SMHG investment) and Managing Director at IFG Capital Management.
API Technologies Corp. (NASDAQ: ATNY) announced that Claudio Mannarino, Senior Vice President, has been promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, replacing Phil Rehkemper who resigned his position as CFO to accept another position. Mr. Rehkemper has served as CFO since April 2012. Mr. Rehkemper has agreed to remain with the Company until July 3, 2014 to assist in the CFO transition. Mr. Mannarino has been with API since 2000 and has over 20 years of finance and professional accounting experience. Prior to his current role as Senior Vice President, Mr. Mannarino served various senior-level management roles throughout the Company’s finance organization. Before joining API Technologies, Mr. Mannarino served as Controller for two divisions of Transcontinental, Inc. 
Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: CNK) announced Sean Gamble has been appointed as the company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and will join the team effective August 25th. Mr. Gamble will succeed Robert Copple, who was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer in January. Mr. Gamble joins Cinemark after five years at NBCUniversal where he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and was responsible for Universal Picture’s global financial operations. Prior to joining NBCUniversal, Mr. Gamble held several senior level positions with the General Electric Company.
Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: PTX) announced the appointment of Sanjay Patel as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Patel brings to Pernix over 15 years of investment banking, institutional investment and public policy experience. Mr. Patel has assisted specialty pharmaceutical and healthcare companies raise more than $7 billion in initial public offerings, follow-on offerings, debt offerings and private placements. He has served as a financial advisor on a variety of mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances. While on the buyside at a $5bn fund, Mr. Patel was responsible for a global portfolio of generic and specialty pharmaceutical holdings. He also worked with the William J. Clinton Foundation and the Global Fund to negotiate and implement long-term supply agreements for HIV and malaria drugs throughout the developing world.
Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (NASDAQ: GLDD) announced that Mark Marinko has been appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Marinko joins the Company to fill the role vacated in April 2014 and held in interim by the Vice President and Controller, Katherine Hayes. Mr. Marinko starts at Great Lakes with a strong background in operations and finance working for TransUnion, LLC through August 2013. Mr. Marinko was most recently President of the Consumer Services division at TransUnion. Prior to his position as president, Mr. Marinko has been in increasing accounting and financial roles as Controller and Vice President of Finance at TransUnion since 1996. Prior to TransUnion, Mr. Marinko served as controller of Official Airline Guides.
Cordoba Corporation announced the appointment of its Managing Partner and Chief Financial Officer, Maria Mehranian, to the Dean’s Leadership Board of the College of Engineering at California Polytechnic State University, Pomona. Ms. Mehranian will draw on her expertise in water engineering, planning, and policy that she has gained over 27 years at Cordoba Corp. and at the Los Angeles Regional Water Quality Control Board, where she has served since 2008. She served as the chair of the Board from February 2012 to February 2014.
Cirque Energy, Inc. (OTC: EWRL) announced the appointment of David W. Morgan as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Morgan is a veteran of the technology industry with extensive experience as a CFO. Roger Silverthorn, the Company’s current CFO, is assuming the newly-created position of Vice President of Business Development. Mr. Morgan has over 30 years of management experience with several technology companies, including 15 years’ experience as a CFO.
MFC Industrial Ltd. (NYSE: MIL) announced that Samuel Morrow has been appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Morrow replaces James Carter, who will continue with the Company as Vice President, Finance. Mr. Morrow is the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
MTS Systems Corporation (NASDAQ: MTSC) announced the planned retirement of Sue Knight, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and the appointment of Jeff Oldenkamp, currently the Vice President of Finance for the MTS Test business, as her successor.  Sue will retire at the end of calendar year 2014, at which time Jeff will assume the CFO role. Prior to joining MTS in January of 2014, Mr. Oldenkamp was the Americas Operations Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance for Nilfisk-Advance, Inc.  He also has held various financial leadership positions at Emerson Electric, Inc., including Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance for Rosemount Flow Division.
Virobay, Inc. announced the appointment of James Welch as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Virobay, Mr. Welch was Chief Financial Officer at AcelRx Pharmaceuticals. Previously, Mr. Welch was Chief Financial Officer at Cerimon Pharmaceuticals. Before Cerimon, Mr. Welch was Chief Financial Officer at Rigel Pharmaceuticals. Earlier in his career, Mr. Welch was Chief Financial Officer of Biocircuits Corporation, and held various financial and operational management positions at technology firms in Silicon Valley, including NeXT Computer and Avantek. 
Pilot Chemical Company announced that David Waizmann has been promoted to Chief Financial Officer, a new position within the company. Waizmann was previously Director of Finance and Accounting. Waizmann joined Pilot in December 2005 as Controller. Prior to joining Pilot, he worked for Reynolds & Reynolds/Relizon/Workflow One for over eight years.
Innovari announced its appointment of Judd Rabb as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Rabb was CFO and vice president of administration for SolarBridge Technologies, Inc. Rabb also served as the CFO and vice president of finance for Illumitex, Inc., CFO and vice president of finance for ColdWatt, Inc. (acquired by Flextronics), and corporate controller for Green Mountain Energy Company.
Data Intensity announced the addition of Kevin Shone as Chief Financial Officer. He was previously Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer for privately held and publicly traded companies, including NextG Networks and Unica Corporation. He also held various back-office leadership roles at Cognos, Inc., including Vice President of Global Field Finance and Administration.
Eisai Inc., the U.S. pharmaceutical subsidiary of Eisai Co., Ltd., announced the appointment of Barry Lederman to the position of Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Prior to joining Eisai, he served as CFO at Wedgewood Pharmacy, Nycomed US Inc., and Qualitrol Company LLC (an independent subsidiary of Danaher Corporation). He also spent 10 years at Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. in positions of increasing responsibility within Finance, culminating in his appointment as Senior Vice President – Head of Business Analysis and Controlling at Roche Centralized Diagnostics, headquartered in Mannheim, Germany.
Landauer, Inc. (NYSE: LDR) announced that Mark Zorko has been named Interim Chief Financial Officer of the company.  Mr. Zorko will replace Michael K. Burke, who has left the company to pursue other interests. Mr. Zorko has served as Senior Financial Advisor of the Company since April 2014.  Prior to that time, Mr. Zorko served as the Chief Financial Officer of Steel Excel, Inc. (“SXCL”) until May 2013. He also served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of SXCL’s subsidiary Well Services Ltd. (“WSL”) in 2012 and Chief Financial Officer of DGT Holdings Corp. (“DGTC”) from 2006 through 2012.  SXCL, WSL and DGTC are all affiliated with Steel Partners Holding, L.P.  From 2000 to 2010, Mr. Zorko was a Partner at Tatum, LLC.  His prior experience also includes serving as the corporate controller for Zenith Data Systems Corporation and finance manager positions with Honeywell, Inc.  Mr. Zorko is on the Board of Directors of MFRI, Inc., where he chairs the Audit Committee and serves on the Compensation and Nominations/Governance Committees. He is also on the Audit Committee for Opportunity Int’l, a microfinance bank, and on the Finance Committee for the Alexian Brothers Health System.
CRAiLAR Technologies Inc. (OTC: CRLRF) announced that Klaus Flock, currently CFO of adidas Group America, has agreed to join the Company’s Board of Directors. Mr. Flock is an 18-year veteran with adidas Group AG, where he has held numerous executive level positions for the company throughout Europe, Asia and North America.  Upon returning from Indonesia in 2006, where he was Managing Director of adidasIndonesia, he was appointed CFO of TaylorMade-adidas Golf until late 2011.  Since that time, he has held the position of CFO for adidas Group America.   
SAVO Group announced that former ExactTarget CFO Steve Collins has joined the company’s board of directors. Steve, will serve on SAVO’s audit committee Steve was also recently appointed to the Board of Ifbyphone. Before ExactTarget, he served as senior vice president and CFO of NAVTEQ Corporation in Chicago. Collins previously held a number of financial leadership positions at The Walt Disney Company and co-founded a technology-focused venture capital firm.
Spotlight Innovation, Inc. (OTC: STLT) announced that Dr. David Hostelley has been named Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Dr. Hostelley has spent twenty years as a consultant in the health field. During his more than twenty years in business he has served as CEO, CFO and board member of several publicly traded companies.
Sibling Group Holdings, Inc. (OTC: SIBE) announced that it has hired Angelle M. Judice as Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”). Ms. Judice was most recently Corporate Controller for Education Management, Inc., at their Blue Cliff College operation in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Prior to that assignment she was employed by Provost, Salter, Harper & Alford, LLC, a Baton Rouge, Louisiana audit and tax firm, starting in 2011. Prior to working in their tax and audit sections, she held senior accounting and finance positions in the media industry, including two years with the Louisiana Radio network, and ten years with WAFB-TV, a CBS affiliate and part of the RAYCOM Media Network.
Nutroganics, Inc. (PINK: NUTT) announced that Douglas Scott has joined Nutroganics as its CFO. Mr. Scott is a business executive with a 22 year career of financial management and C-level leadership across a range of industries. Mr. Scott’s international experience includes the Middle East, Europe, and Asia, specifically Singapore, where he was CFO of Nortel Networks Asian operations. Most recently, Mr. Scott was the senior financial executive at a Middle East based government services organization with a roll-up strategy led by many former Veridian Systems executives. Doug has also served on the Boards of Wireless operators in Asia as well as not-for-profits and the University of Texas (Dallas Campus) School of Accounting.
Novatel Wireless, Inc. (NASDAQ: NVTL) announced that the Board of Directors has appointed Tom Allen as Interim Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Tom Allen served as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer for Outdoor Channel Holdings, Inc. In 1997, Mr. Allen co-founded ACME Communications, where he continues to serve on its board of directors and served as its Chief Financial Officer until 2010. Throughout his career, Mr. Allen has held executive positions at major broadcasting and entertainment firms including Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Virgin Interactive Entertainment and Chief Financial Officer of the Fox Broadcasting Company. He has also served as board director for public and private companies.
Bank First (OTC: BFNC) announced the addition of Kevin LeMahieu as Chief Financial Officer to their team. LeMahieu will join the organization in August 2014. Since 2004, he has served as Director and Senior Manager in the Sheboygan office at CliftonLarsonAllen LLP.
Epic Health Services, Inc. announced that David Hagey has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Hagey comes to Epic Health Services from IntegraCare, where he was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2008 to 2011 and President in 2011. In the fall of 2012, Kindred Healthcare acquired IntegraCare, and Hagey continued through the acquisition serving as Division Vice President of Kindred at Home (a division of Kindred Healthcare), until joining Epic Health Services. Prior to joining IntegraCare, he served as the Chief Financial Officer of Accuro Healthcare Solutions, and as Vice President and Controller of U.S. Operations for United Surgical Partners.
Chico’s FAS, Inc. (NYSE: CHS) announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Todd E. Vogensen as the Company’s new Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, replacing Pamela Knous, who has left the organization to pursue other interests. Prior to his appointment as CFO, Mr. Vogensen had been the Company’s Senior Vice President, Finance. Mr. Vogensen has served Chico’s FAS, Inc. in numerous roles over the last 5 years, leading to his current position as CFO. Mr. Vogensen joined Chico’s FAS, Inc. in October 2009 as Vice President of Planning and Strategy, followed by the role of Vice President of Investor Relations before his promotion to Senior Vice President, Finance. Previously, Mr. Vogensen held multiple positions of increasing scope and responsibility with Michaels Stores, Inc. from January 2005 to October 2009, including Corporate Controller and Vice President of Merchandising and Marketing Finance. Before joining Michaels, Mr. Vogensen served as Assistant Corporate Controller of Gap, Inc. from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Vogensen has also held multiple Finance management positions at Hewlett Packard Company, and he practiced as an Audit Manager and CPA with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
Energy Recovery Inc. announced that it has promoted Joel Gay to Chief Financial Officer, replacing Alex Buehler, who will be leaving to pursue the next step in his career. Joel joined Energy Recovery in January 2012 and has held several positions at the company, including most recently serving as Vice President of Finance since June 2013. Prior to joining Energy Recovery, Joel was the CFO of the largest division of Aegion Corp.
Bob Evans Farms, Inc. (NASDAQ: BOBE) announced the appointment of Mark Hood as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Most recently, Mr. Hood served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Brown Shoe Company (NYSE: BWS), from 2006 to 2012. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer with Panera Bread Company, from 2003 to 2006, after joining that company in 2002. His prior experience includes two decades of service with May Department Stores Company, Inc., Saks Holdings, Inc., and U.S. Loyalty Corporation, in various financial and administrative senior management roles.
Cytec Industries Inc. (NYSE: CYT) announced that its Board of Directors has elected Daniel G. Darazsdi to the position of Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective August 4, 2014.  Mr. David Drillock, Cytec’s current VP and CFO, announced in February 2014 his intent to retire by the end of the year. Prior to joining Cytec, he had been Chief Financial Officer from 2007 to 2014 of Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC.  Prior to this position, Mr. Darazsdi worked at Honeywell International for 25 years in numerous senior financial positions  including Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of finance transformation and operations, Chief Financial Officer of the company’s global Specialty Materials business, VP of Finance and Information Technology for Asia Pacific and a variety of other leadership roles.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,401 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:






Insider Trading - Cerniglia Kristina A. - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Cerniglia Kristina A.





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2015-08-13Sale
2015-08-1408:26 am
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
3,300
$29.87
$98,568
11,914(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-07Option Award
2016-12-084:10 pm
2017-12-072026-12-07
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
27,870
$36.08
27,870(Direct)
View


2016-10-03Conversion
2016-10-054:05 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
8,916
$31.54
26,731(Direct)
View


2016-10-03Tax Withholding
2016-10-054:05 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
4,159
$31.54
26,731(Direct)
View


2016-10-03Conversion
2016-10-054:05 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
8,916
$31.54
26,731(Direct)
View


2016-09-30Option Award
2016-10-042:11 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
56
$31.64
8,916(Direct)
View


2016-06-30Option Award
2016-07-052:01 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
59
$30.04
8,860(Direct)
View


2015-03-31Option Award
2016-04-0412:15 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
59
$29.46
8,801(Direct)
View


2015-12-31Option Award
2016-01-042:55 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
59
$29.63
8,742(Direct)
View


2015-12-02Option Award
2015-12-033:19 pm
2016-12-022025-12-02
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
25,627
$31.11
25,627(Direct)
View


2015-09-30Conversion
2015-10-021:16 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
8,683
$25.81
20,597(Direct)
View


2015-09-30Tax Withholding
2015-10-021:16 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
2,782
$25.81
20,597(Direct)
View


2015-09-30Option Award
2015-10-021:16 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
132
$26.01
20,597(Direct)
View


2015-09-30Conversion
2015-10-021:16 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
8,683
$25.81
20,597(Direct)
View


2015-08-07Conversion
2015-08-1012:20 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
22,384
$29.62
22,384(Direct)
View


2015-08-07Tax Withholding
2015-08-1012:20 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
7,170
$29.62
22,384(Direct)
View


2015-08-07Conversion
2015-08-1012:20 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
22,384
$29.62
22,384(Direct)
View


2015-06-30Option Award
2015-07-012:33 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
257
$30.7
39,618(Direct)
View


2015-03-31Option Award
2015-04-013:36 pm
N/AN/A
Hillenbrand Inc.
HI
Cerniglia Kristina A.SR VP, Chief Financial Officer
253
$30.87
39,361(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Thu, 27 Jul 2017 22:22:12 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








