

CFR International SpA: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback
























cfr international spa
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Companies
CFR International SpA operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, acquires and invests in related pharmaceutical companies on behalf of parent company. CFR International serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

Avenida Pedro de Valdivia 295
Providencia, Santiago, 7500000
Chile


Phone:
56-2-350-5200


Fax:
56-2-350-5241





Board Members




Board Members
Company




























From The Web











Key Executives


Patricio Vargas Munoz


Chief Financial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
























































 



 Abbott Announces Results of Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation for CFR International SpA 5.125% 
         










    










 






 











 









Abbott Announces Results of Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation for CFR International SpA 5.125% Senior Notes due 2022

Jan 15, 2015, 09:00 ET
		  		  															
						 from   Abbott 











 
















































 

 




















 


ABBOTT PARK, Ill., Jan. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Abbott (NYSE:   ABT) announced today the results of the tender offer and related consent solicitation commenced by its wholly-owned subsidiary, Abbott Laboratories (Chile) Holdco (Dos) SpA, a Chilean corporation ("ALH"), to purchase for cash any and all of the outstanding 5.125% Senior Notes due 2022 (the "Notes") issued by CFR International SpA, a Chilean corporation and subsidiary of ALH. The tender offer and related consent solicitation expired at 12 p.m., New York City time, on Jan. 14, 2015. Abbott has been advised that an aggregate of $294,093,000 principal amount of Notes, representing 98% of the outstanding Notes, was tendered, including the $292,893,000 principal amount of Notes that was previously tendered and purchased. ALH has accepted for payment all Notes that were validly tendered and not subsequently withdrawn or previously purchased.  
About Abbott 
Abbott is a global healthcare company devoted to improving life through the development of products and technologies that span the breadth of healthcare. With a portfolio of leading, science-based offerings in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals, Abbott serves people in more than 150 countries and employs approximately 69,000 people.
Visit Abbott at www.abbott.com and connect with us on Twitter at @AbbottNews.
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 – A Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
Some statements in this news release may be forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, "Risk Factors," to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2013, and are incorporated by reference. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.
 
 SOURCE  Abbott  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.abbott.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jan 29, 2015, 07:45 ET
Preview: Abbott Reports Fourth-Quarter 2014 Results













Jan 08, 2015, 09:00 ET
Preview: Abbott Hosts Conference Call for Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2014 Earnings






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jul 13, 2017, 07:30 ET
Abbott Reports Second-Quarter 2017 Results














Jul 13, 2017, 07:30 ET
Abbott Commences Cash Tender Offer for All Outstanding Shares of...














Jul 13, 2017, 07:30 ET
Abbott and Bigfoot Biomedical Announce Collaboration to Develop...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

CFR International SpA: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 9:40 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of CFR International SpA



Snapshot People




Company Overview
CFR International SpA, through its subsidiaries, manufactures and develops pharmaceutical preparations. It operates in Latin America through 4 segments; specialty pharma (medication for chronic, semi-chronic and acute diseases), complex therapeutics (medications aimed at diseases treated in complex treatment centers and institutions), health and wellness (over-the-counter medications, nutrition, dermocare, diet supplements and homeopathic medications), and veterinary medications. The company executed an agreement with Universidad de Chile for the project “Fondef” focused on the development of gene therapy for the treatment of alcoholism. The company was incorporated in 2010 and is based in S...
CFR International SpA, through its subsidiaries, manufactures and develops pharmaceutical preparations. It operates in Latin America through 4 segments; specialty pharma (medication for chronic, semi-chronic and acute diseases), complex therapeutics (medications aimed at diseases treated in complex treatment centers and institutions), health and wellness (over-the-counter medications, nutrition, dermocare, diet supplements and homeopathic medications), and veterinary medications. The company executed an agreement with Universidad de Chile for the project “Fondef” focused on the development of gene therapy for the treatment of alcoholism. The company was incorporated in 2010 and is based in Santiago, Chile. CFR International SpA operates as a subsidiary of CFR Pharmaceuticals S.A.
Detailed Description


Avenida Pedro de Valdivia 295ProvidenciaSantiago,  7500000ChileFounded in 2010



Phone: 56 2 350 5200

Fax: 56 2 350 5241








Key Executives for CFR International SpA


CFR International SpA does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Empresas Andrómaco S.A. Americas Instituto Sanitas S.A. Americas Abbott Laboratories de Chile Limitada Americas Bayer S.A. (Chile) Americas Centrovet Laboratories inc. Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact CFR International SpA, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























CFR International SPA – VietNam Breaking News - Tag








































VietNam Breaking NewsLive updated latest news on Vietnam





You are here: Home / Archives for CFR International SPAWill Vietnam’s big pharmacy firm fall into Abbott’s hands?
September 20, 2016VietNamNet Bridge - If shares of Domesco Medical Import/Export JSC are bought by Abbott, the latter will increase its ownership ratio in the third-largest pharmacy firm to 51.7 percent of chartered capital. Analysts said they could see clear signs showing that Domesco and Abbott would ‘become members of the same family’. Domesco recently stated that it has fulfilled necessary procedures to pave the way for foreign investors to hold up to 100 percent of stakes in the company. Right after the information was released, Abbott, through CRF International SPA (Chile), a subsidiary, registered to buy 2 million DMC shares. If it succeeds with the deal, Abbott will increase its ownership ratio in Domesco to 51.7 percent and turn Domesco into its subsidiary. There is a high possibility of Domesco becoming a subsidiary of Abbott. Domesco’s members alone have registered to sell 750,000 DMC shares. In September alone, there were trading sessions where 1 million DMC shares were … [Read more...]



BUSINESS IN BRIEF 10/9
September 10, 2016Survey: Locals prefer foreign employers Employees in Vietnam have overwhelmingly chosen foreign-invested companies as the best places to work, with only a few local exceptions, according to a new survey by recruitment network JobStreet.com. The survey for the second quarter attracted more than 2,500 employees in various industries. Unilever Vietnam, a giant in fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), came first among the top 10 employers, followed by Vietnam Dairy Products Joint Stock Co (Vinamilk), Vingroup and technology firms Samsung, FPT, Viettel and Intel. Nestle, P&G Group and Suntory PepsiCo rounded up the top 10. Multinational corporations tended to be dominant in most industry-specific lists. For instance, Vinamilk was the only local player in the top five FMCG companies. Domestic enterprises only outnumbered foreign-invested ones in retail and finance-banking sectors. Vingroup, FPT Shop, Viettel Store and The Gioi Di Dong (Mobile World) took the lead in retail, with Japanese … [Read more...]Full foreign ownership okayed for first pharma firm
September 8, 2016Full foreign ownership okayed for first pharma firm Tran Thu HCMC - Domesco Medical Import Export Joint Stock Corporation has become the first pharmaceutical firm allowed to raise the foreign ownership cap to 100% after it got approval from the State Securities Commission of Vietnam (SSC). The SSC has permitted Domesco to increase foreign ownership from 49% to 100%. Under the prevailing regulations, foreign investors cannot distribute pharmaceutical products in Vietnam, so Domesco had to adjust and supplement its business operations to seek the SSC’s nod. According to a document posted on the Hochiminh Stock Exchange, CFR International SPA has registered to buy an extra 5.76% stake in Domesco from September 8 to 30. If the transaction is conducted successfully, its ownership in Domesco will rise to 51.7% from 45.49%. Maybank Kim Eng Securities Company said besides Domesco, other pharmaceutical firms like Imexpharm Corporation and DHG Pharmaceutical JSC have seen their stock … [Read more...]Domesco removes foreign ownership limit
September 8, 2016On September 6, Domesco Medical Import Export JSC (Domesco) officially removed its 49 per cent foreign ownership limit, according to information published on the company's website.
On the same day, Domesco's foreign shareholder CFR International SpA from Chile registered to buy two million shares, equalling a 5.76 per cent stake, to increase its holdings to 51.7 from 45.49 per cent. Domesco's two foreign shareholders are CFE International SpA and Seutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaf & Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc., with a 4.89 per cent stake. Domesco is Vietnam's third-largest domestic drug maker, with a market capitalisation valued at nearly VND3.3 trillion ($148 million) as of September this year. This is the third company which the State Securities Commission of Vietnam has allowed to lift the foreign ownership limit, after Vietnam Dairy Product JSC (Vinamilk), the largest listed company, and Everpia Vietnam. Domesco is the only drug maker that has agreed to remove its … [Read more...]BUSINESS IN BRIEF 8/9
September 8, 201670 pct of Vietnam's adults set to have current accounts by 2020 The plan, signed off by Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, also aims for at least 20 branches or transaction offices of commercial banks per 100,000 adults. While 35-40 percent of rural adults are expected to have savings at credit institutions, the plan also looks to have 50-60 percent of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) get credit from these organisations. Under the blueprint, banking services access in the economy will be improved alongside restructuring banks. The State will create a favourable legal framework for organisations to diversify banking services, especially non-credit services. Credit institutions will be encouraged to provide banking services for remote areas and SMEs. The use of information technology will also be stepped up to ensure the services' convenience for rural and low-income clients. Vietnamese, French firms forge stronger partnership Vietnamese and French enterprises gathered … [Read more...]Domesco to lift foreign ownership cap
September 6, 2016Viet Nam News HÀ NỘI - The State Securities Commission (SSC) has allowed Domesco Medical Import Export Joint Stock Corporation (Domesco) to increase its foreign ownership to 100 per cent, a move that shows Việt Nam's willingness to open up to more foreign capital. This information was confirmed by the company. Foreign stakes in Domesco are at the current limit of 49 per cent, of which Chile's CFR International SpA holds 45.9 per cent. Domesco is the third-largest listed drug company, with a market capitalisation valued at nearly VNĐ3.3 trillion (US$148 million) as of yesterday. This is the third company which the SSC has allowed to lift the foreign holding limit, after Việt Nam Dairy Product JSC (Vinamilk), the largest listed company, and Everpia Vietnam,. The pharmaceutical industry is one of the fast-growing sectors in Việt Nam, appealing to foreign investors as a rising middle class in the country spends more on healthcare. Offshore ownership of many local drug makers is … [Read more...]Drug company Domesco to lift foreign ownership cap
September 6, 2016This information was confirmed by the company. Foreign stakes in Domesco are at the current limit of 49%, of which Chile’s CFR International SpA holds 45.9%. Domesco is the third-largest listed drug company, with a market capitalisation valued at nearly VND3.3 trillion (US$148 million) as of September 5. This is the third company which the SSC has allowed to lift the foreign holding limit, after Vietnam Dairy Product JSC (Vinamilk), the largest listed company, and Everpia Vietnam. The pharmaceutical industry is one of the fast-growing sectors in Vietnam, appealing to foreign investors as a rising middle class in the country spends more on healthcare. Offshore ownership of many local drug makers is already at or near the limit, creating pent-up demand from foreign investors. Foreign holdings in DHG Pharmaceutical and Imexpharm Pharmaceutical have also reached the limit. The current foreign holdings ratio in Traphaco is around 46%. According to a report by BMI Research, … [Read more...]Vietnam drug stocks surging as foreigners covet booming industry
August 11, 2016As Vietnam opens up to more foreign money, the country’s fast-growing pharmaceutical industry is emerging as one of the most attractive prizes for overseas investors. Domesco Medical Import-Export JSC, the third-biggest listed drugmaker, has shot up 149 percent this year as it got shareholder approval to scrap the 49 percent foreign ownership limit on its stock. DHG Pharmaceutical JSC, the largest, has risen 44 percent, with Japan’s Taisho Pharmaceuticals Holdings Co. buying a 24.5 percent stake last month. Vietnamese health-care companies have returned 46 percent in 2016, the best performance among 10 industry groups on the VN Index. The government cleared Vietnam Dairy Product JSC, the biggest listed company, to scrap its foreign investment cap in July, driving the VN Index to an eight-year high amid optimism further approvals would follow. Overseas ownership of many local drugmakers is already at or near the limit, creating pent-up demand from money managers seeking to … [Read more...]Stock Market Set to Leap on M&As
July 13, 2016Stock Market Set to Leap on M&As
Entering the third quarter of 2016, the stock market has shown a strong revival as VN-Index has kept going up day after day. In addition to catalyst information on macro policies relating to the stock market, earnings reports by listed companies as well as mergers and acquisitions (M&As) produced very strong impacts on the market performance. According to many economists, M&A activity on the stock market is expected to be even more vibrant from now till the end of the year. Unlike M&As on the real estate market, M&A transactions in the stock market take place more silently and do not draw public attention, but stock traders grasp such information very quickly. The long strong rally of a stock without official information disclosure concerning the company’s performances and overall market catalysts as well is a signal. According to stock investors, M&A deals will hit on the stock market from now to the end of this year. … [Read more...]Is It now Time for Pharmaceutical Shares in Vietnam?
July 5, 2016Is It now Time for Pharmaceutical Shares in Vietnam? Vietnam’s pharmaceutical sector is seeing rapid growth as shares jumped on expectations of foreign ownership limit removal and government’s divesting plans, amid optimistic industry outlook. DHG Pharmaceutical Joint Stock Company (DHG), Vietnam’s top pharmaceutical manufacturer by market value, so far this year rose around a quarter, while prices of Traphaco (TRA) shares doubled within a few first months of 2016. Likewise, DMC stocks of Domesco Medical Import-Export Corporation (Domesco) advanced more than two third to VND74,000 /share as of June 15, after hitting its eight-year high in April. Analysts and traders said the share prices soared due to investors’ hope on a possible removal of 49 percent foreign ownership limit in pharmaceutical firms, while many others also expect the State Capital Investment Corporation (SCIC) will soon divest from those companies. Room for foreign holdings in several top … [Read more...]DMC runs with bid to raise foreign ownership cap
May 2, 2016Domesco’s annual shareholders’ meeting in late April approved the board of directors’ proposal to eliminate the foreign ownership cap, making it the first domestic drug producer to make the move.
Removing the cap will likely benefit the US-based Abbott Laboratories – one of the largest diversified healthcare companies in the world. Abbott, which is Domestic’s (DMC) only foreign strategic partner, currently holds a 45.94 per cent stake in the local company via its subsidiary CFR International SPA.
Removing the limit on foreign ownership would also offer a chance for other investors to buy into DMC, which is the second-largest drug exporter among Vietnamese pharma firms.
"Lifting the foreign ownership ceiling in the pharmaceutical industry would send a positive signal to foreign investors. A clear path to converting partnerships into majority ownership would provide companies with much stronger arguments to convince their global headquarters to invest … [Read more...]DMC, NHS announce share issuance
December 23, 2013Domesco Medical Import Export Joint Stock Corporation (DMC) and Ninh Hoa Sugar Joint Stock Company (NHS) announced share issuance as follows: DMC will issue 8.9 million shares to its current shareholders at a ratio of 2:1 in the first quarter of 2014. Currently, the Chilean company CFR International SPA is the only foreign investor of DMC with an ownership ratio of 45.94 percent. NHS announced that it finished issuance of 30.4 million shares, collecting VND303.5 billion. Of which, 29.7 million shares were offered to its existing shareholders and the rest were sold to a member of the Board of Directors at VND10,000 per share. After the share issuance, Thanh Thanh Cong Investment JSC, Gia Lai Electricity JSC, Societe De Bourbon Tay Ninh, and Thuan Thien Investment and Trading Company remain NHS's major investors. … [Read more...]Lack of raw materials puts foreign drug firms off production
September 17, 2013Though the pharmaceutical market is expected to see rapid growth, foreign companies are not interested in investing in drug production, leaving Vietnam heavily dependent on imports.
The country's pharmaceutical and healthcare sectors are set to see strong growth, albeit from a low base, given the bullish outlook on the economy and rising affluence.
Besides, the government is committed to universal healthcare coverage, according to Business Monitor International, a UK-based information provider on country risk and industry research.
Spending on drugs is expected to increase from US$2.84 billion last year to $3.31 billion this year, it said.
Two-thirds of Vietnam's 90 million people are covered by health insurance, and the ratio is expected to rise to 70 percent by 2015 and 80 percent by 2020, according to Deputy Minister of Health Nguyen Thi Xuyen.
But despite the promise, the market is not attractive to foreign investors since Vietnam is still heavily reliant on imported raw … [Read more...]Part 1: Vietnamese market really lucrative for foreign pharmacists
October 22, 2012VietNamNet Bridge - The Vietnamese medicine market has always been attractive to foreign firms not because of its increasingly high demand, but also because of the weakness of domestic pharmacy firms.
Market surveys have pointed out that Vietnamese would spend 33.8 dollars per head by 2014. Meanwhile, a report by BMI said Vietnam's medicine imports would exceed 1.37 billion dollars by 2013.
If Vietnam exports one tablet of medicine, it would import two tablets from foreign countries. And in order to make the tablet, Vietnam has to import materials. Vietnam attractive enough to foreigners
According to the Ministry of Heath, Vietnam is one of the biggest medicine importers in the world with the pharmacy market growing by 25 percent per annum.
According to the Vietnam Pharmacy Enterprises' Association, in the first five months of 2012, domestically made medicine products was worth 282 million dollars, while the imports value was 439 million dollars, and Vietnam imported 50 … [Read more...]Kinh Do becomes exclusive distributor of Japanese snack food
September 28, 2012Kinh Do Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City and the Japanese food company Ezaki Glico signed a strategic cooperation agreement in September in which Kinh Do will exclusively distribute Glico's high-quality Pocky snacks in Vietnam.
According to the agreement, Kinh Do will distribute Pocky snacks first and later other snack products including Pretz Collon and chocolate Alfie, through its wide distribution network in the country.
After four years, sales of Glico's products in Vietnam are expected to reach VND1 trillion (US$48 million).
According to Tran Le Nguyen, CEO and vice chairman of Kinh Do, his firm will distribute many more products of Glico from their 120,000 retail outlets. Besides, if the business runs smoothly the two sides will consider opening a production plant in the country.
Katsuhisa Ezaki, President of Ezaki Glico, said the cooperation between Glico and Kinh Do was part of a business expansion plan for participation of foreign countries in Asia.
Ezaki Glico is … [Read more...]Foreigners pass on local market
July 21, 2012HA NOI — Foreign investment in Viet Nam has shown some positive signs, although net buys on the nation's stock exchanges totalled only VND600 billion (US$28.5 million) in the first six months of this year.
In the first two weeks this month, authorities announced Maybank Kim Eng Securities Pte raised its holdings in many listed firms.
Specifically, the Singaporean company lifted its ownership in Petrolimex Tanker Co (PJT) to over 5 per cent, in Van Lang Technology Development and Investment (VLA) to 9.53 per cent, in Higher Educational And Vocational Book (HEV) to 12 per cent and in Education Cartography And Illustration Co (ECI) to 9 per cent.
In addition, it is a major shareholder of construction materials supplier Beton 6 (BT6) and West Coach Station (WCS), while it also purchases shares of companies on the unlisted public company market.
Most transactions of Maybank Kim Eng took place in penny stocks, which was unusual when viewed in the context of trends among foreign … [Read more...]Lotte seeks to become wholly foreign invested
July 17, 2012Lotte Vietnam, the operator of the namesake supermarket chain in the country, has recently submitted a proposal to become a 100 per cent foreign invested company, according to the Ho Chi Minh City Department of Planning and Investment.
The company intends to buy the remaining 20 per cent stake of the Vietnamese Minh Van Co.
Lotte’s total registered capital is currently $65 million, or VND1.29 billion, according to its business licence issued in October 2006.
Minh Van Co holds a 20 per cent stake, worth $13 million, while Lotte Vietnam holds 80 per cent, at $52 million.
The proposal is now pending approval from the city’s People’s Committee.
South Korea’s leading retailer entered the Chinese market in 2007 by re-buying the giant Makro supermarket chain, which was still operational at the time. The company then expanded its investment to Indonesia, also by purchasing the Makro system there.
The Korean giant has also planned to take over the Bien Hoa … [Read more...]Foreign acquisitions raise fears of hostile takeovers
July 14, 2012HA NOI — Several foreign investment funds have recently announced intentions to become major shareholders of some listed companies, raising fears that these funds were positioning themselves to carry out hostile takeovers during the market downturn and resulting period of depressed share prices.
Refrigeration Electrical Engineering Corp (REE) earlier this month reported that Singapore-based Platinum Victory Ptl Ltd had became its largest shareholder, accumulating a 10.2-per-cent interest in the company.
In the second quarter, Chile's CFR International Spa bought a 46-per-cent stake in healthcare equipment company Domesco Medical Import-Export Co (DMC).
Thailand's Nawaplastic Industries (Saraburi) Co also announced in March plans to become a major stakeholder in Binh Minh Plastics (BMP) and Tien Phong Plastics (NTP). Analysts of Bao Viet Securities Co said the Thai company, which holds about 50 per cent of the PVC pipe market in Thailand, wanted to stake out Viet Nam's market … [Read more...]First foreign deal in pharma sector
July 7, 2012HA NOI — Chilean pharmaceutical CFR International SPA has acquired a stake in Domesco Medical Import-Export Co (DMC), making it the first foreign strategic partner of a domestic drugmaker.
"This deal has been the most successful in the sector, since co-operation involving foreign factors has normally been difficult to implement in the pharmaceutical industry," said the head of financial consultancy for HCM City Securities Co, Trinh Thanh Can, in an interview with the publication Nhip cau dau tu (Bridge for Investment).
The deal also represents a new trend in M&A in which a group of fund shareholders offer to sell their stakes in a company to a foreign strategic investor. Last year, the Chilean producer purchased around 40 per cent of Domesco held by five different investment funds. The value of the acquisition was VND302 billion (US$14.3 million), equivalent to VND40,000 per share ($1.90) and nearly double the shares' actual price on the market at the time.
After … [Read more...]Lotte seeks to become 100% foreign invested
July 6, 2012Lotte Vietnam, the operator of the namesake supermarket chain in the country, has recently submitted a proposal to become a 100 percent foreign invested company, according to the Ho Chi Minh City Department of Planning and Investment.
The company intends to buy the remaining 20 percent stake of the Vietnamese Minh Van Co.
Lotte’s total registered capital is currently US$65 million, or VND1.29 billion, according to its business license issued in October 2006.
Minh Van Co holds a 20 percent stake, worth $13 million, while Lotte Vietnam holds 80 percent, at $52 million.
The proposal is now pending approval from the city’s People’s Committee.
South Korea’s leading retailer entered the Chinese market in 2007 by re-buying the giant Makro supermarket chain, which was still operational at the time. The company then expanded its investment to Indonesia, also by purchasing the Makro system there.
The Korean giant has also planned to take over the Bien Hoa … [Read more...]Next Page »




Recommended stories


Loading...



 Newsletter
Sign-up for our email newsletter and get updates latest news from us

E-Mail Address




Please check your email to confirm your subscription.

 Recent stories


UPCoM ignores Ha Bac Fertiliser


MEDIPLAST inaugurates new factory in Bac Ninh


International agricultural fertilisers, machinery expo opens in HCM City


PM values Samsung’s investment in VN


Activities mark 70th anniversary of Wounded and Fallen Soldiers Day


Vietnam-Cambodia friendship monument restored


Indonesia promotes trade with Vietnam


Vietnam-Laos Beauty Promoted through Cultural Tourism Programmes


Restore Salty Lemon Drink: Incredible Benefits to Human Health


Vietnam Economy: Stable and Positive Medium Term Outlook


World gears up for electric cars despite bumps in road


Vinacomin divestment sees avid foreign interest


Mekong Capital officially sells 75 per cent holding in Loc Troi


Nghi Son refinery site clearance swindler taken to court


Locals join firefighters battling French blazes


Eternal flame of gratitude dedicated to wounded and fallen soldiers


Vietnam, Algeria seek to boost economic cooperation


Britain plans to send warship to South China Sea in move likely to irk Beijing


Paris tourism alive and kicking again after terror doldrums


Speed up investment disbursement: PM



 Links
About us
Contact us
Disclaimers
DMCA
Privacy Policy
Submit your story

Language
Français
Español
Tiếng Việt

 Business
Corporate
Finance
Trade
Economy

Culture
Entertainment
Events
Exhibitions
Fashion
Festival

 Politics
Legal
Domestic
Foreign Affairs

Lifestyle
Leisure
Movies
Music

 Society
Charity
Community
Education
Diplomacy
Infrastructure

 Travel
Tourism
Sightseeing
Your Vietnam

 Sponsor
Wordpress DiscussTravel Breaking NewsVietnam Local NewsDungNQVietnam Art NewsVietnamNewsBusiness Breaking NewsVietnam Breaking NewsVietnam Dance
 








 




	Login | Evaluate























































Retrieving Data







					You are a  user.
				

					The feature you are trying to access  Subscribers.
				

Please Register to access this feature or log in if you are a Subscriber,
						or if you have already Registered. 



						Please click the following link to register and submit an upgrade request, so that
						a member of our sales team can contact you to discuss your requirements.
					

Register and Upgrade




						Please click the 'Request Upgrade' button to log your details so that a member of
						our sales team can contact you to discuss your additional requirements.
					






















					Your request to access this feature is pending.
				

					You have already logged a callback request. A member of our team will contact you
					to discuss your access level.
				

View My Contact Details  
					







					This feature is not yet available.
				

					We have already attempted to contact you following your recent request.
				

					We will try and call you again shortly but in the meantime please check that your
					contact details are correct and up to date or if you prefer please contact us.
				

View My Contact Details  
					Contact Us






				Retrieving...
			

				EP Vantage brings a fresh view on pharma and biotech with incisive daily analysis,
				powered by Evaluate Ltd.
			


					You are a subscriber to the full Evaluate Ltd. service.
				

					Click
					here
					to login to the subscribers' welcome page.
				

      
					No, I do not want to log in now
Don't
					remind me again
				



					You are currently accessing our secondary server
				

					Although the site contains up to date data, some features are unfortunately not available on the secondary server.
					We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.
				







						Close





ECommerce Support


							If you would prefer to speak to a member of our sales team please call us on 
							+44 (0)20 7377 0800


							Alternatively, if you are experiencing problems with an existing order a member
							of our support team will be happy to assist you. Call 
							+44 (0)20 7377 0800


							Telephone lines are open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm London Time.
						

							Alternatively, send an email to chrissie.pennock@evaluategroup.com











Close



Shopping Cart



Fetching cart contents. Please wait.
















										Please register your details with us to complete your purchase or click Login if you have already registered with us.

   
										











                    	Close




Report Summary


							Retrieving report details...
						








Share with a colleague
								   
								Show Report Description







This report has already been purchased and is available
									to view now
									or you may purchase the report again for the latest data.
								



									You have already purchased this report but a problem is preventing you from
									accessing the information it contains. Before calling a member of our support team,
									please attempt to regenerate your report again from your
								
purchase history
page.

Add this item to my basket

or

									Regenerate for free

This item has already been added to your cart

								Regenerating Content   
								







								Please complete the fields below




Recipient's Email



  * Required




Your Email



  * Required




Your Name



  * Required




Optional Message












Sending Email  
							



								An email has been successfully sent
							

Return to Report Summary



Failed to Send






Return to Report Summary




Failed to retrieve further details for this product.



							The item has successfully been added to your cart.
						




							Your selected reports will remain in your cart for 7 days

















				You have succeeded in buying the report(s), however you haven't generated your report(s) yet. Please go to Purchase History to generate your ordered report(s) now.
			







Site Maintenance Planned
The website will be unavailable on Thursday 25 April from 12:00pm for routine maintenance.
Please save your work and log out before then



            Remind me later
        


X
Got it









































Abbott Announces Results of Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation for CFR International SpA 5.125% Senior Notes due 2022 - Jan 15, 2015













































PRESS RELEASES
PRESS CONTACTS
MEDIA LIBRARY
HONORS
EXPERTS
EXECUTIVE TEAM





BACK TO PRESS RELEASES

Abbott Announces Results of Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation for CFR International SpA 5.125% Senior Notes due 2022





ABBOTT PARK, Ill., Jan. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Abbott (NYSE: ABT) announced today the results of the tender offer and related consent solicitation commenced by its wholly-owned subsidiary, Abbott Laboratories (Chile) Holdco (Dos) SpA, a Chilean corporation ("ALH"), to purchase for cash any and all of the outstanding 5.125% Senior Notes due 2022 (the "Notes") issued by CFR International SpA, a Chilean corporation and subsidiary of ALH. The tender offer and related consent solicitation expired at 12 p.m., New York City time, on Jan. 14, 2015. Abbott has been advised that an aggregate of $294,093,000 principal amount of Notes, representing 98% of the outstanding Notes, was tendered, including the $292,893,000 principal amount of Notes that was previously tendered and purchased. ALH has accepted for payment all Notes that were validly tendered and not subsequently withdrawn or previously purchased.  
About Abbott Abbott is a global healthcare company devoted to improving life through the development of products and technologies that span the breadth of healthcare. With a portfolio of leading, science-based offerings in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals, Abbott serves people in more than 150 countries and employs approximately 69,000 people.
Visit Abbott at www.abbott.com and connect with us on Twitter at @AbbottNews.
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 – A Caution Concerning Forward-Looking StatementsSome statements in this news release may be forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, "Risk Factors," to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2013, and are incorporated by reference. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.

 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/abbott-announces-results-of-tender-offer-and-consent-solicitation-for-cfr-international-spa-5125-senior-notes-due-2022-300020845.html
SOURCE  Abbott
For further information: Media: Scott Stoffel, (224) 668-5201, or Financial: Brian Yoor, (224) 667-6343, or Scott Leinenweber, (224) 668-0791































Careers


Investors


Newsroom


Citizenship


Partners


Contact


SITE MAP


POLICIES


privacy policy


Terms & Conditions



true


accessibility


You are about to exit for another Abbott country or region specific website
Please be aware that the website you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals, medical devices and other products or uses of those products that are not approved in other countries or regions.
			

 The website you have requested also may not be optimized for your specific screen size.
Do you wish to continue and exit this website?



yesno



accessibility


You are about to exit the Abbott family of websites for a 3rd party website
Links which take you out of Abbott worldwide websites are not under the control of Abbott, and Abbott is not responsible for the contents of any such site or any further links from such site. Abbott is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the linked site by Abbott.
				

 The website that you have requested also may not be optimized for your screen size.
Do you wish to continue and exit this website?



yesno



accessibility

Asset Warning


yesno





























 



Fitch Upgrades CFR Pharmaceuticals' Debt; Removes Rating Watch Positive | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Upgrades CFR Pharmaceuticals' Debt; Removes Rating Watch Positive
    





January 29, 2015 02:21 PM Eastern Standard Time



CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings has upgraded CFR Pharmaceuticals' (CFR) Issuer Default 
      Ratings and its senior unsecured ratings and removed them from Rating 
      Watch Positive. Fitch has also affirmed the ratings of the No. 730 and 
      731 bond programs, and downgraded CFR's National Equity Rating from 
      Primera Clase Nivel 3(cl) to Primera Clase Nivel 4(cl) due to the 
      substantial reduction in the outstanding float of the company's shares 
      after Abbott's takeover.
    

      A full list of rating actions follows at the end of this release.
    

      Fitch placed CFR on Rating Watch Positive on May 19, 2014. The action 
      followed the announcement that Abbott Investments Luxembourg S.A.R.L., a 
      subsidiary of Abbott Laboratories (Abbott; 'A+'/Outlook Negative), had 
      entered into a definitive agreement to acquire 72.62% of CFR's issued 
      and outstanding shares from its controlling shareholder and would 
      conduct a public cash tender offer for all of the outstanding shares of 
      CFR. Close to 100% of CFR's publicly-held shares were tendered for a 
      total purchase price of approximately USD2.9 billion, plus the 
      assumption of net debt of approximately $430 million when the 
      transaction closed at the end of September 2014.
    

      Fitch believes Abbott's acquisition of CFR makes sense strategically, as 
      it would increase Abbott's strong position in the fast-growing Latin 
      American branded generic pharmaceutical market. CFR's geographic 
      presence and product portfolio complement Abbott's portfolio; CFR has a 
      strong presence in Chile, Colombia, and Peru whereas Abbott's is in 
      Brazil and Mexico. Abbott expects CFR to contribute about USD900 million 
      to its annual sales in 2015. Abbott reported revenues of USD22 billion 
      in 2013 and EBITDA of USD5 billion.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVER
    

      Abbott Laboratories as Parent
    

      The operation and strategic links between CFR and its parent, Abbott, 
      are strong and in accordance with Fitch's Parent and Subsidiary Rating 
      Linkage its ratings have been equalized. In recent months, Abbott has 
      taken steps to fold CFR into Abbott's operations. Abbott's subsidiary, 
      Abbott Laboratories (Chile) Holdco (Dos) SpA, has purchased 100% of 
      CFR's local bond issuances in Chile as well as 98% of the senior 
      unsecured notes issued by CFR International SpA (CFRI) through separate 
      tender offers and related consent solicitations. Abbott has also 
      provided a full guarantee of payment on series C and D of the local 
      issuances. CFR had approximately USD532 million of debt at Sept. 30, 
      2014. The majority of its debt is comprised of the USD300 million bond 
      issued by CFRI in December 2012 and local currency denominated issuances 
      totaling about USD181 million; the remaining debt is related to working 
      capital lines with local banks.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      A downgrade of Abbott's ratings would result in a negative rating action 
      on CFR's international ratings, while the national scale ratings would 
      likely remain unchanged with a one-notch downgrade on the international 
      scale. A positive rating action is not likely in the near term.
    

      Fitch has taken the following rating actions:
    

      CFR Pharmaceuticals S.A.
    

      --Long-term IDR upgraded to 'A+' from 'BBB-'; Outlook Negative;
    

      --Local currency long-term IDR upgraded to 'A+' from 'BBB-'; Outlook 
      Negative;
    

      --National long-term rating upgraded to 'AAA(cl)' from 'A(cl)'; Outlook 
      Stable;
    

      --Series A, B and E upgraded to 'AAA(cl)' from 'A(cl)'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --Series C and D (guaranteed by Abbott) affirmed at 'AAA(cl); Outlook 
      Stable;
    

      --Bond programs No. 730 and 731 affirmed at 'AAA(cl); Outlook Stable.
    

      CFR International SpA
    

      --Notes due in 2022 upgraded to 'A+' from 'BBB-'.
    

      Fitch has downgraded the following rating:
    

      CFR Pharmaceuticals S.A.
    

      --National Equity Rating to 'Primera Clase Nivel 4(cl)' from 'Primera 
      Clase Nivel 3(cl)'.
    

      Additional information is available at 'www.fitchratings.com'.
    

      Applicable Criteria and Related Research:
    

      --'Corporate Rating Methodology' (May 28, 2014);
    

      --'National Scale Ratings Criteria' (Oct. 30, 2013);
    

      --'Metodologia de Clasificacion de Acciones en Chile' (July 3, 2013).
    

      Applicable Criteria and Related Research:
    

      Corporate Rating Methodology - Including Short-Term Ratings and Parent 
      and Subsidiary Linkage
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=749393


      National Scale Ratings Criteria
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=720082


      Additional Disclosure
    

      Solicitation Status
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=978841


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTP://FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF CONDUCT' SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary Analyst:Cristina Madero, +1-312-368-3060Associate 
      DirectorFitch Ratings, Inc.70 W. Madison St.Chicago, 
      IL 60602orSecondary Analyst:Monica Coeymans, 
      +56-2-499-3314DirectororCommittee Chairperson:Dan 
      Kastholm, CFA, +1-312-368-2070Managing DirectororPeter 
      Fitzpatrick, +44 20 3530 1103Media Relations, Londonpeter.fitzpatrick@fitchratings.com















Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary Analyst:Cristina Madero, +1-312-368-3060Associate 
      DirectorFitch Ratings, Inc.70 W. Madison St.Chicago, 
      IL 60602orSecondary Analyst:Monica Coeymans, 
      +56-2-499-3314DirectororCommittee Chairperson:Dan 
      Kastholm, CFA, +1-312-368-2070Managing DirectororPeter 
      Fitzpatrick, +44 20 3530 1103Media Relations, Londonpeter.fitzpatrick@fitchratings.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















Investor relations » Internal & foreign partners » CFR International SPA | DOMESCO























                    VIETNAMESE
                



                    English
                












                Home
            



                About Us
            



                                General Introduction
                            



                                Company's Orientation
                            



                                Core Values
                            



                                Integrated Quality Management System
                            





                Products
            



                            Synthesized Pharmaceutical Products
                        



                            Herbal Products
                        



                            Health Foods
                        



                            Dietary Supplements
                        



                        Product Catalog
                    





                News
            



                            Outstanding events
                        



                            New products information
                        





                Investor relations
            



                        Investor Relations
                    



                            Shareholder Notice
                        



                            Strategic Partners
                        





                OHS/CSR
            



                                CSR
                            



                                HIV/AIDS
                            





                Sitemap
            



                Contact Us
            














                        Chat online
                    



            Chat online
        








                        Dictionaries
                    




            Dictionaries
        








English - Vietnamese
English - English
Vietnamese - English
French - Vietnamese
Vietnamese - French
Vietnamese - Vietnamese
Japanese - Vietnamese
Vietnamese - Japanese
English  - Japanese
Japanese  - English
Korean - Vietnamese







View











                        Newsletter Registration
                    




            Newsletter Registration
        
 



Send


 







                        Weblink
                    



Weblink



Ministry of Health Portal
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Industry and Trade
Drug Administration of Vietnam
General Department of Custom
Directorate for Standards Metrology and Quality
Vietnam Pharmaceutical Companies Association
World Health Organization
Vietnam Productivity Centre











 













 Go














                    Investor Relations
                



                        Shareholder Notice
                    



                                        Shareholder Notice 
                                    



                                        Financial Report
                                    



                                        Management Report
                                    



                                        Annual Report
                                    





                        Strategic Partners
                    



                                        Internal & foreign partners
                                    







 








                    Internal & foreign partners
                




                CFR International SPA
            
(03/05/2013)




Link web







                        Investor relations of the same type
                    





                            State Capital Investment Corporation (03/05/2013)






                        Other investor relations
                    





                            REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF DOMESCO 6 MONTHS YEAR 2017 (26/07/2017)




                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 JUNE 2017 AND ABOUT CLARIFYING FLUCTUATION OF PROFIT AFTER TAX IN Q2 - 2017 WAS HIGHER THAN 10% COMPARE TO Q2 -2016 (19/07/2017)




                            DOMESCO DISCLOSE THE FINAL RECORDING DATE FOR DIVIDEND PAYMENT IN 2016 (22/06/2017)




                            Annual Report 2016 (18/05/2017)




                            DOMESCO DISCLOSES MINUTES AND RESOLUTION AGM 2017 (21/04/2017)




                            DOMESCO DISCLOSES RE - APPOINTING BOARD OF DIRECTOR AND CHIEF ACCOUNTANT (21/04/2017)




                            SEPARATE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 1/2017 AND EXPLAINATION (17/04/2017)




                            DOMESCO DISCLOSES AGM’S DOCUMENTS IN 2017 (11/04/2017)




                            CONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2016 AND PROFIT EXPLAINATION (31/03/2017)




                            SEPARATE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENT 2016 AND PROFIT EXPLAINATION (31/03/2017)






            CONSULTING FORM
        



 


                        Fullname *





                        Phone *





                        Address *





                        Email *





                        Subject *





                        Content *





Note: You must fill in the form above.
                







 








































DOMESCO MEDICAL IMPORT - EXPORT JOINT-STOCK CORPORATION

	+  Address:  66 Highway 30 - My Phu ward - Cao Lanh city - Dong Thap province – Vietnam
	+  Phone:  (84.67) - 3.852 278 - 3.859 370        +  Fax:  (84.67) - 3.851 270
	+  Email: domesco@domesco.com;  vpcty@domesco.com


    Online:
        58
      |  
    Visitors: 
        31266493



        Copyright © 2013 DOMESCO. All rights reserved
    











Chile’s CFR International Spa – Talk Vietnam - Tag



































Talk VietnamAll About Vietnam





Will Vietnam’s big pharmacy firm fall into Abbott’s hands?
September 20, 2016VietNamNet Bridge - If shares of Domesco Medical Import/Export JSC are bought by Abbott, the latter will increase its ownership ratio in the third-largest pharmacy firm to 51.7 percent of chartered capital. Analysts said they could see clear signs showing that Domesco and Abbott would ‘become members of the same family’. Domesco recently stated that it has fulfilled necessary procedures to pave the way for foreign investors to hold up to 100 percent of stakes in the company. Right after the information was released, Abbott, through CRF International SPA (Chile), a subsidiary, registered to buy 2 million DMC shares. If it succeeds with the deal, Abbott will increase its ownership ratio in Domesco to 51.7 percent and turn Domesco into its subsidiary. There is a high possibility of Domesco becoming a subsidiary of Abbott. Domesco’s members alone have registered to sell 750,000 DMC shares. In September alone, there were trading sessions where 1 million DMC shares were … [Read more...]



BUSINESS IN BRIEF 10/9
September 10, 2016Survey: Locals prefer foreign employers Employees in Vietnam have overwhelmingly chosen foreign-invested companies as the best places to work, with only a few local exceptions, according to a new survey by recruitment network JobStreet.com. The survey for the second quarter attracted more than 2,500 employees in various industries. Unilever Vietnam, a giant in fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), came first among the top 10 employers, followed by Vietnam Dairy Products Joint Stock Co (Vinamilk), Vingroup and technology firms Samsung, FPT, Viettel and Intel. Nestle, P&G Group and Suntory PepsiCo rounded up the top 10. Multinational corporations tended to be dominant in most industry-specific lists. For instance, Vinamilk was the only local player in the top five FMCG companies. Domestic enterprises only outnumbered foreign-invested ones in retail and finance-banking sectors. Vingroup, FPT Shop, Viettel Store and The Gioi Di Dong (Mobile World) took the lead in retail, with Japanese … [Read more...]Domesco removes foreign ownership limit
September 8, 2016On September 6, Domesco Medical Import Export JSC (Domesco) officially removed its 49 per cent foreign ownership limit, according to information published on the company's website.
On the same day, Domesco's foreign shareholder CFR International SpA from Chile registered to buy two million shares, equalling a 5.76 per cent stake, to increase its holdings to 51.7 from 45.49 per cent. Domesco's two foreign shareholders are CFE International SpA and Seutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaf & Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc., with a 4.89 per cent stake. Domesco is Vietnam's third-largest domestic drug maker, with a market capitalisation valued at nearly VND3.3 trillion ($148 million) as of September this year. This is the third company which the State Securities Commission of Vietnam has allowed to lift the foreign ownership limit, after Vietnam Dairy Product JSC (Vinamilk), the largest listed company, and Everpia Vietnam. Domesco is the only drug maker that has agreed to remove its … [Read more...]BUSINESS IN BRIEF 8/9
September 8, 201670 pct of Vietnam's adults set to have current accounts by 2020 The plan, signed off by Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, also aims for at least 20 branches or transaction offices of commercial banks per 100,000 adults. While 35-40 percent of rural adults are expected to have savings at credit institutions, the plan also looks to have 50-60 percent of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) get credit from these organisations. Under the blueprint, banking services access in the economy will be improved alongside restructuring banks. The State will create a favourable legal framework for organisations to diversify banking services, especially non-credit services. Credit institutions will be encouraged to provide banking services for remote areas and SMEs. The use of information technology will also be stepped up to ensure the services' convenience for rural and low-income clients. Vietnamese, French firms forge stronger partnership Vietnamese and French enterprises gathered … [Read more...]Domesco to lift foreign ownership cap
September 6, 2016Viet Nam News HÀ NỘI - The State Securities Commission (SSC) has allowed Domesco Medical Import Export Joint Stock Corporation (Domesco) to increase its foreign ownership to 100 per cent, a move that shows Việt Nam's willingness to open up to more foreign capital. This information was confirmed by the company. Foreign stakes in Domesco are at the current limit of 49 per cent, of which Chile's CFR International SpA holds 45.9 per cent. Domesco is the third-largest listed drug company, with a market capitalisation valued at nearly VNĐ3.3 trillion (US$148 million) as of yesterday. This is the third company which the SSC has allowed to lift the foreign holding limit, after Việt Nam Dairy Product JSC (Vinamilk), the largest listed company, and Everpia Vietnam,. The pharmaceutical industry is one of the fast-growing sectors in Việt Nam, appealing to foreign investors as a rising middle class in the country spends more on healthcare. Offshore ownership of many local drug makers is … [Read more...]Drug company Domesco to lift foreign ownership cap
September 6, 2016This information was confirmed by the company. Foreign stakes in Domesco are at the current limit of 49%, of which Chile’s CFR International SpA holds 45.9%. Domesco is the third-largest listed drug company, with a market capitalisation valued at nearly VND3.3 trillion (US$148 million) as of September 5. This is the third company which the SSC has allowed to lift the foreign holding limit, after Vietnam Dairy Product JSC (Vinamilk), the largest listed company, and Everpia Vietnam. The pharmaceutical industry is one of the fast-growing sectors in Vietnam, appealing to foreign investors as a rising middle class in the country spends more on healthcare. Offshore ownership of many local drug makers is already at or near the limit, creating pent-up demand from foreign investors. Foreign holdings in DHG Pharmaceutical and Imexpharm Pharmaceutical have also reached the limit. The current foreign holdings ratio in Traphaco is around 46%. According to a report by BMI Research, … [Read more...]Vietnam drug stocks surging as foreigners covet booming industry
August 11, 2016As Vietnam opens up to more foreign money, the country’s fast-growing pharmaceutical industry is emerging as one of the most attractive prizes for overseas investors. Domesco Medical Import-Export JSC, the third-biggest listed drugmaker, has shot up 149 percent this year as it got shareholder approval to scrap the 49 percent foreign ownership limit on its stock. DHG Pharmaceutical JSC, the largest, has risen 44 percent, with Japan’s Taisho Pharmaceuticals Holdings Co. buying a 24.5 percent stake last month. Vietnamese health-care companies have returned 46 percent in 2016, the best performance among 10 industry groups on the VN Index. The government cleared Vietnam Dairy Product JSC, the biggest listed company, to scrap its foreign investment cap in July, driving the VN Index to an eight-year high amid optimism further approvals would follow. Overseas ownership of many local drugmakers is already at or near the limit, creating pent-up demand from money managers seeking to … [Read more...]Lack of raw materials puts foreign drug firms off production
September 17, 2013Though the pharmaceutical market is expected to see rapid growth, foreign companies are not interested in investing in drug production, leaving Vietnam heavily dependent on imports.
The country's pharmaceutical and healthcare sectors are set to see strong growth, albeit from a low base, given the bullish outlook on the economy and rising affluence.
Besides, the government is committed to universal healthcare coverage, according to Business Monitor International, a UK-based information provider on country risk and industry research.
Spending on drugs is expected to increase from US$2.84 billion last year to $3.31 billion this year, it said.
Two-thirds of Vietnam's 90 million people are covered by health insurance, and the ratio is expected to rise to 70 percent by 2015 and 80 percent by 2020, according to Deputy Minister of Health Nguyen Thi Xuyen.
But despite the promise, the market is not attractive to foreign investors since Vietnam is still heavily reliant on imported raw … [Read more...]Doctors, consumers continue to reach for foreign drugs, despite cost
September 14, 2012After her son was diagnosed with bronchitis, Nguyen Thu Ha drove to a pharmacy to fill the doctor's prescription.
All five of the drugs she received were imported.
"The medicines cost me more than VND500,000 (US$24). That's too much," said Ha, a 39-year-old primary school teacher in Hanoi. "I didn't have any choice but to buy them. Locally-made drugs are cheaper, but they aren't as good."
Ha said her family seldom buys Vietnamese medicine, even to treat minor illnesses.
A pharmacist on Giai Phong Street estimated that more than 80 percent of her stock comes from France, the UK, South Korea, China and India. The Vietnamese drugs in her shop are mainly antibiotics, anti-inflammatory drugs, and cough medicines.
"A few doctors prescribe Vietnamese drugs. But, in many cases, patients who would prefer to buy more affordable Vietnamese pharmaceuticals can't. They don't know which medicines they should buy," the shop owner said.
Vietnamese pharmaceuticals haven't fared well at home … [Read more...]Foreign acquisitions raise fears of hostile takeovers
July 14, 2012HA NOI — Several foreign investment funds have recently announced intentions to become major shareholders of some listed companies, raising fears that these funds were positioning themselves to carry out hostile takeovers during the market downturn and resulting period of depressed share prices.
Refrigeration Electrical Engineering Corp (REE) earlier this month reported that Singapore-based Platinum Victory Ptl Ltd had became its largest shareholder, accumulating a 10.2-per-cent interest in the company.
In the second quarter, Chile's CFR International Spa bought a 46-per-cent stake in healthcare equipment company Domesco Medical Import-Export Co (DMC).
Thailand's Nawaplastic Industries (Saraburi) Co also announced in March plans to become a major stakeholder in Binh Minh Plastics (BMP) and Tien Phong Plastics (NTP). Analysts of Bao Viet Securities Co said the Thai company, which holds about 50 per cent of the PVC pipe market in Thailand, wanted to stake out Viet Nam's market … [Read more...]Pharma firms in fine health
May 1, 2012Foreign pharmaceutical firms are finding Vietnam just the medicine.
Foreign pharmaceutical firms hiking stakes in local partners increased recently, with Chile-based CFR International SPA becoming a strategic partner of Domesco Medical Import Export Joint Stock Corporation (DMC), through holding a 44 per cent stake and having three board DMC members.
“It will help CFR grow its presence in fast growing markets like Vietnam through leveraging on DMC’s extensive distribution and supply network. In exchange, our technology development and pharmaceuticals trading expertise will help DMC boost investment and governance efficiency,” said CFR’ chief executive officer Alejandro Weinstein.
Earlier in February 2012, Vietnam Azalea Fund offered to purchase 1.24 million shares of Ho Chi Minh City-based Traphaco to raise its stake in the company from 25 to 35 per cent.
Last year saw a number of deals involving stock purchases and the transfer of firms operating in … [Read more...]Investors target pharmaceuticals
September 17, 2011HA NOI — Foreign investors are actively buying pharmaceutical shares on the nation's stock markets.
Domesco Medical Import-Export Co (DMC) last week approved the transfer of shares by five existing shareholders to a new foreign investor. Viet Capital Healthcare Fund, KITMC Vietnam Growth Fund 2, KITMC Worldwide Vietnam Fund 2, Dragon Capital Vietnam Mother Fund and Amersham Industries Ltd will sell 6.45 million shares, representing 36 per cent of DMC's total capital, to Chile's CFR International SPA.
DMC general director Huynh Trung Chanh said CFR International was a large pharmaceutical group in Chile with eight factories in 16 countries across South America. As a strategic shareholder in DMC, Chanh said, CFR would support DMC in technology, production and export.
Meanwhile, Singapore-based Pure Heart Value Investment Fund last week bought over 440,000 shares of OPC Pharmaceutical Co (OPC) on the HCMC Stock Exchange, becoming the company's large shareholder with a … [Read more...]Customs tariff case ruled in favor of business
October 25, 2016Customs tariff case ruled in favor of business By Minh Tam - The Saigon Times Daily HCMC – The Supreme People’s Court in HCMC has announced a local enterprise won a two-year case against the customs over a controversial tariff levy on camera tripods. Phuoc Camera Joint Stock Company filed the case against the Tan Cang unit of the HCMC Department of Customs over a 15% tax slapped on Phuoc Camera’s imported tripods. According to the court decision, the Tan Cang customs is ordered to return the earlier-collected VND140 million to Phuoc Camera. The Tan Cang customs on September 2 and November 2, 2010 issued two separate decisions imposing a 15% tax on the tripods imported by Phuoc Camera as they put the product into the group of uncategorized aluminum goods coded 7616. Meanwhile, Phuoc Camera cited Document 7501 of the General Customs Office as saying the tripods could enjoy a tax exemption, so it listed the tripods in the group of tax-free items. Later, the Tan Cang … [Read more...]BUSINESS IN BRIEF 25/2
February 25, 2012Perenco upstages giants
Independent oil and gas company Perenco has snapped up the Vietnam-based assets of ConocoPhillips, beating heavy-duty competitors including PetroVietnam and TNK-BP to the punch.
US-backed ConocoPhillips announced that it had reached a billion-dollar plus agreement to offload its assets in Vietnam to Perenco, an oil and gas company with operations in 16 countries across the globe.
In its statement, ConocoPhillips said the sale of assets in Vietnam was a part of ConocoPhillips’s ongoing strategy to create shareholder value.
The company said that the Vietnam business unit was sold at a total of $1.29 billion plus customary working capital adjustments. However, previously ConocoPhillips expected that those assets would have total valued at up to $1.5 billion.
ConocoPhillips will now sell its three wholly-owned subsidiaries that separately hold a 23.25 per cent participating interest in Block 15-1, a 36 per cent participating interest in Block 15-2, and a … [Read more...]BUSINESS IN BRIEF 25/2
February 25, 2012Perenco upstages giants
Independent oil and gas company Perenco has snapped up the Vietnam-based assets of ConocoPhillips, beating heavy-duty competitors including PetroVietnam and TNK-BP to the punch.
US-backed ConocoPhillips announced that it had reached a billion-dollar plus agreement to offload its assets in Vietnam to Perenco, an oil and gas company with operations in 16 countries across the globe.
In its statement, ConocoPhillips said the sale of assets in Vietnam was a part of ConocoPhillips's ongoing strategy to create shareholder value.
The company said that the Vietnam business unit was sold at a total of $1.29 billion plus customary working capital adjustments. However, previously ConocoPhillips expected that those assets would have total valued at up to $1.5 billion.
ConocoPhillips will now sell its three wholly-owned subsidiaries that separately hold a 23.25 per cent participating interest in Block 15-1, a 36 per cent participating interest in Block 15-2, and a … [Read more...]SOCIAL NEWS 31/7
July 31, 2011Ho Chi Minh City rejects demand for waste imports
The Ho Chi Minh City People's Committee yesterday officially rejected a waste treatment company's demand to import 10,000 tons of waste from the US.
The city's government has ordered the municipal Department of Natural Resources and Environment not to approve the demand from Vietnam Waste Solution Company (VWS) to import uncategorized waste for a trial operation of its waste separating plant.
Early this week, VWS, investor of the Da Phuoc Waste Treatment Complex in Binh Chanh District that receives 3,000 tons of trash every day, had shocked the public by refusing to use the huge amount of garbage discharged to Da Phuoc but insisting on using the imported waste for their separation test. … [Read more...]Required breakthrough in theory to lay solid foundations for the formulation of the Party’s guidelines and policies in the new stage
January 1, 1900Based on the reality and experience of the reform process, as well as the requirements of the new stage, international trends and prospects for our country, the theoretical think tank circle of our country should focus their research on the following key issues:
Firstly, creatively applying and developing Marxist-Leninism, HoChiMinh ideology on socialism in the current era in which globalization and international integration are the main stream.
Secondly, promoting theoretical studies and review the practice of developing a socialist-oriented market economy, of which importance is given to market factors and types of productivity, business entities and the self-motivated stance of enterprises in the market economy. In addition, promoting various types of markets, building institutions of a market economy in line with requirements of active international economic integration.
Thirdly, studying political and social theoretical matters, social policies and management, of which the … [Read more...]Finance hits top gear for tunnel
December 20, 1999Construction of the Deo Ca project is expected to start in September, 2012 and it is scheduled to complete within four years - Nghiem Sy Minh Deo Ca Investment Joint Stock Company (DCIC) management board chairman Nguyen Chung (vir.com.vn) … [Read more...]Welcome to new english version of vietnamtourism.gov.vn
January 1, 2003 … [Read more...]PM STRESSES PRIORITY TO DEVELOP MACRO ECONOMY
June 19, 2003Prime Minister Phan Van Khai on April 1, the second day of the government's monthly meeting, said that the whole country should concentrate on developing the macro-economy, stabilising prices and foreign exchange rates, promoting investment in infrastructure construction and accelerating exports. He pointed out advantages and disadvantages in socio-economic development in the second quarter of this year, particularly difficulties caused by the war in Iraq. The country needs to mobilise capital from the people and enterprises, disburse official development assistance (ODA) capital and create favourable conditions for foreign entrepreneurs to invest in Vietnam, the government leader stressed. He expressed his satisfaction at the fact that investment capital poured into the country has not been reduced despite impacts of the war in Iraq. Management should be focused on promoting investment in infrastructure construction, Prime Minister Khai said, adding prices of some items saw increases … [Read more...]




Recommended stories


Loading...



 Newsletter
Sign-up for our email newsletter and get updates latest news from us

E-Mail Address




Please check your email to confirm your subscription.

 Recent stories


UPCoM ignores Ha Bac Fertiliser


MEDIPLAST inaugurates new factory in Bac Ninh


International agricultural fertilisers, machinery expo opens in HCM City


PM values Samsung’s investment in VN


Activities mark 70th anniversary of Wounded and Fallen Soldiers Day


Vietnam-Cambodia friendship monument restored


Indonesia promotes trade with Vietnam


Vietnam-Laos Beauty Promoted through Cultural Tourism Programmes


Restore Salty Lemon Drink: Incredible Benefits to Human Health


Vietnam Economy: Stable and Positive Medium Term Outlook



 Links
About us
Disclaimers
DMCA
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Submit your story

Language
Français
Español
Tiếng Việt

 Business
Corporate
Finance
Trade
Economy

Culture
Entertainment
Events
Exhibitions
Fashion
Festival

 Politics
Legal
Domestic
Foreign Affairs

Society
Charity
Community
Education
Diplomacy
Infrastructure

 Lifestyle
Leisure
Movies
Music

 Travel
Tourism
Sightseeing
Your Vietnam

 Sponsor
Giày ÝHiTech BlogsTravel Breaking NewsBusiness Breaking NewsLaw Breaking NewsVietnam Local NewsVietnam ColorsIT Breaking NewsTalk Vietnam
 








 




	Abbott Laboratories Announces Results Of Tender Offer And Consent Solicitation For CFR International Spa 5 125 Senior Notes Due 2022













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Announces Results Of Tender Offer And Consent Solicitation For CFR International Spa 5.125% Senior Notes Due 2022  











Tweet








1/15/2015 9:57:23 AM


ABBOTT PARK, Ill., Jan. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Abbott (NYSE: ABT) announced today the results of the tender offer and related consent solicitation commenced by its wholly-owned subsidiary, Abbott Laboratories (Chile) Holdco (Dos) SpA, a Chilean corporation ("ALH"), to purchase for cash any and all of the outstanding 5.125% Senior Notes due 2022 (the "Notes") issued by CFR International SpA, a Chilean corporation and subsidiary of ALH. The tender offer and related consent solicitation expired at 12 p.m., New York City time, on Jan. 14, 2015. Abbott has been advised that an aggregate of $294,093,000 principal amount of Notes, representing 98% of the outstanding Notes, was tendered, including the $292,893,000 principal amount of Notes that was previously tendered and purchased. ALH has accepted for payment all Notes that were validly tendered and not subsequently withdrawn or previously purchased.  About Abbott Abbott is a global healthcare company devoted to improving life through the development of products and technologies that span the breadth of healthcare. With a portfolio of leading, science-based offerings in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals, Abbott serves people in more than 150 countries and employs approximately 69,000 people.Visit Abbott at www.abbott.com and connect with us on Twitter at @AbbottNews.Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  A Caution Concerning Forward-Looking StatementsSome statements in this news release may be forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, "Risk Factors," to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2013, and are incorporated by reference. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/abbott-announces-results-of-tender-offer-and-consent-solicitation-for-cfr-international-spa-5125-senior-notes-due-2022-300020845.htmlSOURCE  Abbott
Help employers find you! Check out all the jobs and post your resume.






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
U.S. Justice Department Claims Omnicare, Inc. (OCR) Received Kickbacks From Abbott Laboratories (ABT)  Biotechs To Follow In 2015 Off Fresh Insider Moves  Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Attracts Bullish Trades  J.P. Morgan: AstraZeneca PLC (AZN) CEO Says He's Not Worried About Pricing Pressure  Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Completes Acquisition Of Topera J.P. Morgan: Valeant (VRX) Investors Should Expect "Small and Medium Sized" Deals in 2015, Says CFO  Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Announces Early Results Of Tender Offer And Consent Solicitation For CFR International Spa 5.125% Senior Notes Due 2022  BioSpace (DHX) Poll Finds Massive Support for Pfizer (PFE), AbbVie (ABBV) Bid  Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Hosts Conference Call For Fourth-Quarter And Full-Year 2014 Earnings  Merck & Co. (MRK) Issues Updates on Strategic Initiatives, Opportunities  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Abbott Laboratories




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Investor




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



	hth Spa Shock & Oxidizer Products






















hth® Canada






Pool
                        Care


Spa
                        Care


Test your
                        water








Blog


Find
                        a store



 MyHTH




















What can we help you find today?

Search




Find Pool Care
                    Products


Solve Common
                    Pool Problems


Learn Basic
                    Pool Maintenance


View Our
                    How-To Videos




Find Spa Care
                    Products


Solve Common
                    Spa Problems


Learn Basic
                    Spa Maintenance


View Our
                    Green Tips







  MyHTH




Pool Care





Find Pool Care Products


Solve Common Pool Problems


Learn Basic Pool Maintenance


View Our How-To Videos





Spa Care





Find Spa Care Products


Solve Common Spa Problems


Learn Basic Spa Maintenance


View Our Green Tips




Test Your Water


Blog


Find A Store







hth® Canada








Need help?







Chat with an hth® expert






Call us! 1-888-HTH-POOL




Home|Spa Products|SHOCK & OXIDIZE



SHOCK & OXIDIZE
Step 3 of the hth Spa™ Care 3-Step System is to shock or oxidize your spa water. Shocking your spa water weekly will help keep your water clean and clear by removing organic contaminants that can build up in the water.






1
Balance




2
Sanitize




3
Shock & Oxidize




4
Algaecide




5
Specialty


Step 3: Shock & Oxidize


SPA SHOCKS & OXIDIZERS



hth spa™ Non-Chlorinating Shock Oxidizer

Clears cloudy water
Eliminates odors and contaminants

Don't know which products you need? Visit our water testing section.

 SAVED
 FIND







1
Balance




2
Sanitize




3
Shock & Oxidize




4
Algaecide




5
Specialty


Step 3: Shock & Oxidize




Join our newsletter











Connect with us on social media
















Pool Care

Find Pool Care Products
Solve Common Pool Problems
Learn Basic Pool Maintenance
View Our How-To Videos



Spa Care

Find Spa Care Products
Solve Common Spa Problems
Learn Basic Spa Maintenance
Get Green Tips For Your Spa



Resources

Test Your Water
Blog
Find a Store
MyHTH



Contact Us

Email Us
Call 1-866-HTH-POOL
Live Chat
 







About Lonza
Site Help & FAQ
Privacy
Legal


©2017 Lonza. All Rights Reserved.


















