

Products | Mike Chang Fitness






















































1(800) 655-8576support@sixpackshortcuts.com 









 


















Products



You are here: Home / Products 









 

Six Pack Shortcuts
Six Pack Shortcuts will help you lose your belly fat faster than Insane Home Fat Loss alone by teaching you to maximize the Afterburn Effect from your workouts. It also includes advanced ab training exercises to get your abs tighter and more defined
 Visit Site





 

Insane Home Fat Loss
It’s called “Insane Home Fat Loss,” and I think that it can really help you to burn your belly fat and get ripped six pack abs much faster when you use it with Six Pack Shortcuts.
 Visit Site





 

Monster Mass
Monster Mass IS for you’re a skinny or “average” guy who wants to gain muscle. If you’re a normal guy who wants to put on size — and if you’re man enough to make it through short, intense workouts — Monster Mass was designed specifically for you.
 Visit Site





 

Afterburn Fuel
Afterburn Fuel makes EVERY workout I do more intense, which is the key to building muscle, burning fat, and triggering the Afterburn Effect. That’s why I never train without it – Mike Chang
 Visit Site










Search





 























































Insane Home Fat Loss | Mike Chang Fitness






















































1(800) 655-8576support@sixpackshortcuts.com 









 


















Insane Home Fat Loss



You are here: Home / Products / Insane Home Fat Loss 








Insane Home Fat Loss is designed to burn more calories in a short 25 minute workouts than most people burn spending 2-3 hours at the gym. The way that it does this is by accelerating your metabolism while also burning large amounts of calories directly. This will make sure that you lose your belly fat and see your abs fast.
Visit Site



Search





 























































Monster Mass | Mike Chang Fitness






















































1(800) 655-8576support@sixpackshortcuts.com 









 


















Monster Mass
Extreme Home Muscle Building Workouts



You are here: Home / Products / Monster Mass 








Monster Mass is based on a revolutionary new exercise technique called Monster Sets. The scientific name for Monster Sets is “agonist-antagonist supersets,” and they consist of two sets of exercises done at maximum intensity back to back for opposing muscle groups
Visit Site



Search





 























































Mike F Chang, Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Ltd: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





Mike F Chang

Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder,
Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Ltd






Career History




Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder
Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Ltd, PRESENT


Executive Vice President
Siliconix Inc, 1998-2000


Senior Director:Worldwide FAB
Siliconix Inc, 4/1995-10/1998


Director:FAB Operations
Siliconix Inc, 4/1992-4/1995


Manager:Press Technology
Siliconix Inc, 12/1987-4/1992


Show More









Website:
www.aosmd.com






Corporate Information
Address:

475 Oakmead Parkway
Sunnyvale, CA 94085
United States


Phone:
1-408-830-9742


Fax:
1-408-830-9749


Web url:
www.aosmd.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



National Cheng Kung University
Bachelor's Degree, Electrical Engineering


University of Missouri
PhD, Electrical Engineering


University of Missouri
Master's Degree, Electrical Engineering


Show More








Memberships



Board Memberships




Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Ltd


Chairman, PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































    Michael Chang | General Electric Company | ZoomInfo.com








Mike F. Chang Ph.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Mike F. Chang Ph.D.
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer at Alpha & Omega Semiconductor


View Full Profile
Are you Mike F. Chang Ph.D.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mike F. Chang Ph.D.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mike F. Chang Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mike F. Chang Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mike F. Chang Ph.D. through your network of contacts.
												








Mike F. Chang Ph.D.'s Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, 
Alpha & Omega Semiconductor


Past
To view Mike F. Chang Ph.D.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															National Cheng Kung University


														 M.S., 
															University of Missouri


														 Ph.D., 
															University of Missouri


Age
71

 
 


Mike F. Chang Ph.D.'s Biography



Mike F. Chang, Ph.D., is the founder of our company and has served as our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since the incorporation of our company. Dr. Chang has extensive experience in both technology development and business operations in the power semiconductor industry. Prior to establishing our company, Dr. Chang served as the Executive Vice President at Siliconix Incorporated, a subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology Inc., a global manufacturer and supplier of discrete and other power semiconductors, or Siliconix, from 1998 to 2000. Dr. Chang also held various management positions at Siliconix from 1987 to 1998. Earlier in ...
(Read More)

			Mike F. Chang, Ph.D., is the founder of our company and has served as our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since the incorporation of our company. Dr. Chang has extensive experience in both technology development and business operations in the power semiconductor industry. Prior to establishing our company, Dr. Chang served as the Executive Vice President at Siliconix Incorporated, a subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology Inc., a global manufacturer and supplier of discrete and other power semiconductors, or Siliconix, from 1998 to 2000. Dr. Chang also held various management positions at Siliconix from 1987 to 1998. Earlier in his career, Dr. Chang focused on product research and development in various management positions at General Electric Company from 1974 to 1987. Dr. Chang received his B.S. in electrical engineering from National Cheng Kung University, Taiwan, and M.S. and Ph.D. in electrical engineering from the University of Missouri. Dr. Chang's extensive technological expertise and business experiences in the power semiconductor industry and his knowledge of our day-to-day operations and long-term strategic initiatives provide our Board of Directors with valuable insights and in-depth understanding of our Company.
		
Source: Alpha & Omega Semiconductor on 10/03/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mike F. Chang Ph.D.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Mike F. Chang Ph.D.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mike F. Chang Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mike F. Chang Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mike F. Chang Ph.D. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Mike F. Chang Ph.D.


















Mike F. Chang Ph.D.'s Connections (17)





Sign up now to view Mike F. Chang Ph.D.'s 17 connections »









Ephraim Kwok
Former Employee and Former Chief Financial Officer, Alpha & Omega Semiconductor









King Owyang
Board Member, Alpha & Omega Semiconductor









Michael J. Salameh
Board Member, Alpha & Omega Semiconductor









Jimmy S. Lee
Former Executive Chairman of the Board, Integrated Silicon Solution Inc.









Yueh-Se Ho
Dir. and Chief Operating Officer, Alpha & Omega Semiconductor









Daniel K. Chang
Senior Vice President, Marketing, Alpha & Omega Semiconductor









Hamza Yilmaz
Former Chief Technology Officer, Alpha & Omega Semiconductor









Robert I. Chen
Board Member, Alpha & Omega Semiconductor









Mark A. Stevens
Board Member, NVIDIA Corporation









Michael L. Pfeiffer
Board Member, Alpha & Omega Semiconductor








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993














Mike F Chang 的个人主页 | Facebook

Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





















Mike F  Chang - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Mike F  Chang
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Mike F  Chang. Find out Mike F  Chang address and contact details. View other people related to Mike F  Chang - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

475 OAKMEAD PARKWAY  SUNNYVALE 94085 CA




Companies related to Mike F  Chang
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001387467ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR LtdChief Executive Officer 475 OAKMEAD PARKWAY  SUNNYVALE 94085




Mike F  Chang on the Web
Persons related to Mike F  Chang - ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR LtdNamePositionCityHOWARD  BAILEYDirector SUNNYVALEChuang Te  ChangDirector SUNNYVALEDaniel Kuang Ming  ChangSenior VP of Marketing SUNNYVALELucas S.  ChangDirector SUNNYVALEMike F  ChangChief Executive Officer SUNNYVALEROBERT I  CHENDirector SUNNYVALEROBERT I  CHENDirector SUNNYVALEMary  DotzChief Financial Officer SUNNYVALETony  GrizeljVP of Power Discrete Product SUNNYVALEYueh-Se  HoChief Operating Officer SUNNYVALEEphraim  KwokSUNNYVALEYifan  LiangCFO and Corp Secretary SUNNYVALEKING  OWYANGDirector SANTA CLARA,KING  OWYANGDirector SUNNYVALEMichael L  PfeifferDirector SUNNYVALEMICHAEL J  SALAMEHDirector SUNNYVALEMICHAEL J  SALAMEHDirector SUNNYVALESCGF III MANAGEMENT LLC10% Owner MENLO PARKSequoia Capital Growth Fund III AIV L PMENLO PARKSEQUOIA CAPITAL GROWTH III PRINCIPALS FUNDMENLO PARKCAPITAL GROWTH PARTNERS  SEQUOIA IIIMENLO PARKRICHARD W  SEVCIKDirector SUNNYVALETHOMAS W  STEIPPDirector SUNNYVALEMARK A  STEVENSDirector MENLO PARKHAMZA  YILMAZChief Technology Officer FREMONTHAMZA  YILMAZChief Technology Officer SUNNYVALE












 







需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Chang Mike Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Chang Mike Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Chang's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Chang Mike's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Chang Mike's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Chang Mike 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Chang’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailChang’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Chang’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Chang is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Chang’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Chang is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Chang's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Chang's background in the comforts of home.
Chang will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Chang's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Chang Mike, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Chang's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 



























