  Cosmetics and Skin: Revlon                   Home | Stories | Brands | Timelines | Booklets         Revlon   Continued to: Revlon (post-1960) From its beginnings in 1932 selling nail polish, Revlon would go on to become one of the largest cosmetics companies in the United States. Much of the credit for this success has been attributed to one of the company’s founders, Charles Haskel Revson. Charles Haskel Revson A lot has been written about Charles Revson, much of it uncomplimentary.  Whatever else he was—nasty, crude, lonely, virile, brilliant, inarticulate, insecure, generous, honest, ruthless, complicated—Charles Revson was a man of single-minded persistence and drive, entirely dedicated to his business. And a perfectionist. (Tobias, 1976, p. 31)   Complex. Shy. Private. Crude. Smart. One could go on and on with adjectives describing Revson. All would fit at one time or another. He was such a strange mix of persons and personalities that no generalization would have properly profiled. (Abrams, 1977, p. 27)  Tobias and others provide us with a potted history of Revson’s early life. They note that he was born in Somerville, Massachusetts in 1906, the son of Jeanette Weiss and Samuel Morris Revson, but grew up in Manchester, New Hampshire as the middle child between two brothers, the older Joseph and the younger Martin. After graduating from Manchester Central High School in 1923 he went to work in the garment district of New York as a salesman for the Pickwick Dress Company where he worked his way up to becoming a piece-goods buyer. In 1930, he ran away to Chicago with Ida Thompson to get married but soon returned to New York, got divorced, moved back in with his parents, and started selling nail polish for the Elka Company, Newark, New Jersey in 1930 or 1931. After working at Elka for a short time he resigned and established what would become Revlon in March, 1932, with his older brother, Joseph Revson, and a business acquaintance, Charles Lachman. Revlon Nail Enamel Corporation The new company was going to be named Revlac – an amalgamation of Revson and Lachman – but it did not sound right (Tobias, 1976, p. 30) so an ‘L’ replaced the ‘S’ in Revson and Revlon started up at 38 West 21st Street, New York. The company incorporated the following year as the Revlon Nail Enamel Corporation with Charles Revson as president, Joseph Revson its treasurer and general manager and Charles Lachman its vice-president and technical adviser. The youngest Revson brother, Martin Revson, would join the firm in 1935 and become its marketing manager.  Above: 1951 Charles Revson (president), Charles Lachman (vice-president), Martin Revson (vice-president) and Joseph Revson (treasurer and general manager). It is sometimes said that Charles Revson took a big risk leaving a paid job at Elka in the middle of the depression to start out on his own but the risk may not have been as large as it first appeared. From all reports Elka was a very small firm and Revson was probably getting most of his income from commissions, so going out on his own and selling for himself was potentially a move up as it cut out the middleman. The biggest risk Revson faced in his new venture was a guaranteed supply of nail polish. This explains why Charles Lachman was so important to the business and why was he given a half-share of it: Lachman’s wife’s family owned the Dresden Chemical Company. They made nail polish – possibly even for Elka – and Lachman’s involvement was on the condition that Dresden would supply Revlon with nail polish on credit. Also, nail polish may not have been having the same slump in sales that was being experienced by other products during the depression years of the 1930s. In a piece of self-promotion, the J. Walter Thompson Company – the advertising agent for Cutex – noted that manicure sales had actually risen during the years 1929-1932.  In the three depression years since 1929, total dollar sales volume for Cutex manicure products has been 28% greater than in the three preceding years — following a steady sales growth since 1915. (J. Walter Thompson Company advertisement, 1933)  As a salesman, Revson’s main problem was how to outdo the competition. The largest nail polish company of the time was Northam Warren, who held the Cutex brand, but there were a myriad of others including Blue Bird, Peggy Sage, Glazo, La Cross and Chen Yu. Revlon not only survived, it prospered. In its first ten months of business it did US$4,055.09 in sales and this jumped to US$11,246.98 in 1933 reaching US$1.2 million by 1940 (Tedlow, 2003). This is not to say that the early years were easy and Joseph Revson can take much of the credit for guiding the early company financially through this time. Cream polish One reason often given for Revlon’s success is that its nail polish was superior to other brands. According to this story Charles Revson had realised the potential of the Elka’s opaque nail polish and made it better by producing it in a wider range of shades.  Elka’s product, however, was revolutionary. It was opaque. All the other nail polishes on the market were transparent. Charles saw the potential in this difference. The others were made with dyes and were limited to three shades of red—light, medium, and dark. Revson felt that polish—“cream enamel,” as it came to be called—made with pigment so that it would really cover the nails, and made in a wide variety of shades, could capture the market. (Tobias, 1976, p. 49)  Although overstated there is some truth to this story. Most nail polishes at that time in the United States were formulated to be transparent and used dyes rather than pigments as colourants. In the early 1930s the fashion trend was to only colour the nail across the centre of the nail plate, leaving the moon and the free edge clear. When applied with skill this look went well with transparent nail polishes. Cutex was still promoting this nail fashion as late as 1938, even though it had introduced a cream polish in 1934. By contrast, opaque or cream nail polish – containing pigments including titanium dioxide – was applied over the whole nail. It covered flaws in the nail plate and required less skill to apply. What is not true is that transparent polish only came in a limited range of colours – Peggy Sage, for example, had 24 shades of nail polish in 1935 that could be harmonised with clothing. However, the number of shades was not as important as the colours in the range. The exuberant 1920s had ended with nail polish being produced in a wide variety of colours – including, blues and greens as well as metallic colours like gold, silver and bronze – many of which were used to match brightly coloured clothing, particularly evening-wear. The depression years of the 1930s would see nail fashions move to more subdued reds and smokey-reds and this was the colour range Revlon was promoting.  Back in 1933, cream nail enamel was received by beauty salon and consumer alike with great enthusiasm, for it gave the nails a covering that hid flaws as no product had ever done before. And it gave Revlon the “hook” by which they could enter the style business with a commodity.With cream nail enamel, a range of reds could be developed that would not only flatter the hands, but would also harmonize with the clothes a woman wore. Crazy colors were soon dismissed as being unwearable and in bad taste, colors such as chrome-yellows, weird blues and greens, fantastic shades that were the first obvious ones to think of, aside from reds. However, subtle, smokey tones, in the spectrum or red ranging from light to dark, beautified a woman’s nails and hands, and, at the same time, could be made to harmonize with her wardrobe. (Rise of Revlon, 1947, p. 481)   Above: 1937 Revlon Nail Enamel Corporation showrooms at 125 West 45th Street, New York. The colours that Revlon sold were mostly the work of Charles Revson. Whatever else that might be said of him Revson did have a good eye for colour, at least as it applied to make-up and clothing; furnishings and fixtures were another matter. More importantly, Revson treated nail enamel colours like fashion items and, like clothing fashions, was soon bringing out new shades in spring and autumn. All of Revlon’s marketing efforts would then be put into promoting the new shades while older ones, although still available, were soft-pedalled. Revson’s commitment to this idea was such that in 1937 he opened a style department at Revlon – run by Miss Cherie Shackleton – specifically to promote style and fashion in manicure items.  Above: Assorted Revlon nail polishes. As well as colour, Revlon nail enamels may have been superior in other ways, as the story below – repeated in books about Diane Vreeland – suggests:  Mrs Vreeland – later fashion editor of Harper’s Bazaar and subsequent editor of Vogue – became close to a friend of Flame’s [‘Flame’ d’Erlanger], simply called Perrera, who dabble in investments, but whose greatest love was giving manicures. … Perrera’s polish was made to a special formula which he alone knew, drying almost instantly to a rock-hard finish. From time to time he would give some to friends, and when Mrs Vreeland returned to New York in the late 1930s, she took two bottles with her.The polish so impressed Mrs Vreeland’s manicurist that she offered to have a boyfriend take a look at it. ‘I think I can get him to copy it,’ said the manicurist. ‘Really,’ replied la Vreeland. ‘Who’s the boyfriend?’ ‘Charles Revson,’ came the reply. The Revlon range by this time had a great colour palette and a reputation for not chipping but, as Mrs Vreeland recollected, ‘it took hours to dry and had no staying power’. She remained convinced that ‘Revson studied Perrera’s formula and evolved a product that dried faster than anything anyone had ever used in America’. (Woodhead, 2003, pp. 210-211)  Quality There are other reports that Revlon had a quality product. A. C. Bailey of the Bailey Beauty Supply Company in Chicago – who admittedly became a Revlon distributer in 1934 and may therefore be a little biased – is quoted as saying:  “I went with him,” Bailey says, “because I had checked with some of the finest beauty shops in the east, like Michael of the Waldorf, and found the polish was incredible. It was chip-proof and had more stay-on power, had more gloss and lustre, the colors were beautiful, and the formula was just terrific. We were carrying at the time about five brands of nail polish. Blue Bird, Chen-Yu, Glazo and a couple of other. We threw everything else out and carried only Revlon.” (Tobias, 1976, p. 65)  Revlon products therefore appear to have been as good as, if not better than its competitors. In part, this was due to Revson’s obsession with quality. Quality concerns may have been the reason for Revson switching his nail polish supplier from Dresden to Maas & Walstein around 1937, although a cynic might interpret this move as an example of Revson’s aversion to being beholden to anyone, and/or part of the move that saw Lachman’s share of the Revlon business cut from one-half to one-third (Tobias, 1976, p. 51). Sales force Even if we accept that Revlon’s nail enamel was good and its colours fashionable I do not think this completely explains the rise in the company’s fortunes in the 1930s. For that we need to look first at Revlon’s sales force. Charles Revson was a very successful salesman. He was enthusiastic, quite good looking when younger, would endear himself to female buyers by arriving with his nails painted in the latest Revlon shades, and was apparently prepared to exchange sex for a Revlon sale or extra Revlon counter space. When Martin Revson joined Revlon in 1935 as its sales manager, he proved to be an even better salesman – presumably emulating his brother’s sales practices – and also put together an aggressive sales force for Revlon.  Revlon salesmen were expected to win. If a Chen-Yu nail enamel color chart somehow walked out of a store in a salesman’s briefcase … well, it could always be replaced by a Revlon color chart. If the bottle caps on some Chen-Yu nail enamel were loosened a bit and the enamel hardened … well, the store, or the customer, would know not to buy an inferior brand again. If, in an attempt to secure counter space, a salesman should spread his arms out, accidentally sweeping the competitive product off either end of the counter onto the floor … well, the salesmen were authorized to buy up the damaged merchandise at the retailer’s cost and replace it with Revlon product. (Tobias, 1976, p. 68)  In his endeavours to ‘bury the opposition’ Revlon continued to use dubious sales practices. Leaving aside charges of wire-tapping in the 1950s – strongly suggested but unproven – the most important of these was coercion. Revlon was not above using a bit of ‘muscle’. In 1942, for example, a trade magazine reported that the Los Angeles company, Seal-Cote Co., had accused Revlon of violating its trade-name and pressuring dealers. Seal-Cote made the charge that not only was Revlon’s Seal-Fast an imitation of their product Seal-Cote, but that since Revlon had introduced their product in 1941, the company had been “coercing dealers, jobbers and beauty parlours not to carry Seal-Cote“ (AP&EOR, 1942) resulting in the cancellation of numerous Seal-Cote orders. This was not an isolated case and eventually the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued Revlon with a series of cease and desist orders in 1954 and 1956 but by then it was too late; after 1955 demand for Revlon products was such that that coercion was largely unnecessary.  Revlon’s attempts to shut out competitors date back more than 20 years and it took the Trade Commission some time to get this giant specialist on women’s beauty to agree that it would quit using unfair trade practices on those beauty shops which dared sell a rival product.Here is some of the sworn testimony showing how Revlon tried to dominate the lipstick market.The Royal Supply Co., a Houston, Texas, beauty Jobber, wrote Thomas Products of Buffalo, a nail cream manufacturer, 4/l/46: “Please do not ship your order of 3/13/46. Since we handle Revlon, they do not want us to handle competitive items.”Here is another letter from Revlon to O. L. Becker of the B-G Supply Co., Albuquerque: “It is understood that in consideration for granting you the distributorship for Albuquerque you will of course carry Revlon preparations only and accordingly promptly dispose of any stock you may have on hand of other preparations.”Again, Mortimer A. Fogel, manager of quality cosmetics of New York, testified, 12/1/49, that the Duchess Beauty and Barber Supply of Knoxville, Tenn., had returned to him an entire year’s supply of “Monique” beauty products, excluding 40 gallons of shampoo, after signing with Revlon. (The Chillicothe Constitution-Tribune, Missouri, 17 Feb. 1960, p. 14)  As it became a larger cosmetic company, with a stronger department store presence, Revlon improved sales by placing demonstrators in select stores and made payments of ‘push money’ elsewhere. By 1955, the company had over 600 demonstrators employed in department stores throughout the country. As well as promoting Revlon products, the demonstrators could give immediate feedback by telephone on how lines were moving (Television Magazine, 1955); feedback that was added to field reports from regional managers, salon and department store representatives. Revlon’s sales in the 1930s were also boosted by the fact that its early business was salon-oriented. The popularity of the new permanent waves attracted a lot of customers to American beauty salons in the 1930s and many women would also get a manicure when they came in to have their hair set. It was a lot easier for a Revlon salesman to get an order from a salon than to get an opening in a department store, and a salon manicure allowed customers to try and then buy a Revlon nail enamel. Salons that tried the product and liked it would reorder and their customers would spread the word and start asking for it from their local department store, so the permanent wave boom was perfectly timed to help Revlon to establish itself, a major piece of luck for the new company. Salons Revson was very aware of the importance of salons to his business. Although the company began selling to department stores after 1935 they had a number of products that were clearly aimed at making salon manicures a total Revlon experience. By 1938, as well as selling twenty-one shades of Cream Nail Enamel, Revlon had also developed a range of other nail cosmetics including: Adheron, a base and top coat; Prolon (1938), for weak, brittle nails; Oily Polish Remover in liquid or pads; Cuticle Lotion; and Nail Cream along with other manicure equipment like emery boards and orange sticks. Then, in 1939, they added a range of hand lotions to enable manicurists to better personalise their Revlon treatments.  Special, personalized manicures have been developed by Revlon and outlined in a booklet, “How to give … how to sell Revlon Manicures.” Just as the hair requires individual treatment in permanent waving so to do different hands, Revlon maintains, and suggests four techniques: a style manicure; a lactol manicure for dry, brittle hands; a hand sculpture manicure with massage; a hand sculpture manicure with arm massage. Each incorporates one or more of four new Revlon products. They are hand massage cream for lubrication, a hand finishing lotion, a hand cream of the pink pearly type and an emulsified pearl hand lotion. These items, in addition to some new steel implements and nail enamels, are offered in a handsome chrome manicure tray. (AP&EOR, 1939)   Above: 1939 Revlon manicure tray containing massage cream, hand creams, nail enamels, remover and manicure implements. Northam Warren A major factor in the rise of Revlon was the action of its biggest competitor Northam Warren, the owners of Cutex, Glazo and Peggy Sage, that collectively controlled most of the nail polish business in the United States by the 1930s. However, Northam Warren’s strength may have worked against it.  As Revlon entered the retail market, a number of forces were operating to make a new competitor and a change in status very welcome to a major part of the retail trade. Certain deep antagonisms existed in the mind of the retail trade and certain basic dissatisfactions with the policy of a predominant supplier. Throughout the retail trade there was an eager expectation for someone vigorous, with a new idea that could be picked up, accepted and promoted as a foil to this other company. Revlon stepped into this fortunate retail situation at the precise psychological moment with a new product and a new sales idea. The result is history in this industry. (Nail enamel, 1958, p. 458)  Even if this ‘industry antagonism’ was not as severe as this author makes out, it is clear that Northam Warren failed to fully capitalise on their introduction of cream nail polish and the harmonising of nail polish with lipstick. See also: Nail Polish and Northam Warren Lipstick The idea of matching nail enamels with lipsticks was an old one, dating from the late 1920s. Cutex, Revlon’s biggest nail polish rival, had already introduced a line of lipsticks to match its Crème Nail Polish range which was first sold in 1934. Debuting in 1935, Cutex lipsticks came in automatic containers in four shades: Natural, Coral, Cardinal and Ruby, with advertisements that used headlines such as “Fashion says—Lips and fingertips now must match”. Five years later, in 1939, Revlon introduced its own lipsticks in nine shades with colours that matched Revlon nail enamels. Revlon salesgirls were supplied with charts which they could use to advise customers on which shade went with which and Revlon supported sales with an advertising campaign that used coloured advertisements – a first for Revlon – a number of which used the slogan ‘Matching fingertips and lips’, a reversal of the tag used by Cutex. As it was no longer just in nails, Revlon changed its name to the Revlon Products Corporation and followed up the introduction of lipstick with Cheek Stick (1940), a cream rouge in stick form – it came with a small packet of tissues to help spread the rouge without staining the fingers – and a lipstick brush (1941). Copying what Cutex did by matching lipstick with nail polish would not be the last time Revson capitalised on an idea developed by others. Charles Revson was not a creative product genius and a lot of what Revlon produced was copied from competing cosmetic companies. When others came up with a good product Revson would have it analysed, improve the formulation where possible and conduct an extensive advertising campaign to help sell it. As Mike Sager, a Revlon salesman noted:  “Copy everything and you can’t go wrong,” he remembers Charles telling him. That way—and it was basically Charles’s formula for forty-three years—you let the competitors do the groundwork and make the mistakes. And when they hit with something good, you make it better, package it better, advertise it better, and bury them. (Tobias, 1976, p. 63)  Although this is an oversimplification – copying was endemic to the cosmetics industry as a whole – it contains more than a grain of truth. There are more examples of Revlon copying its rivals than the other way around.  He [Revson] gave many hours of his time each week to the laboratory. As he often told me, “That’s where it starts,” adding, “If it’s wrong there, kiddie, forget it!” He was not a chemist but learned quickly what the technological side of chemistry could do for his business. He filled his laboratory with every conceivable electronic device capable of producing and measuring products. He once said to me, during a competitive discussion, “Anything they make, we can break down in twenty four hours and copy.” He did, too. (Abrams, 1977 pp. 244-245)   Above: Charles Revson in the Revlon laboratory. Tuesday was lab day for many years (Tobias, 1976). Wartime When the United States entered into the Second World War in 1941, Revlon contributed to the war effort, assembling first-aid kits, making dye markers for the navy, and manufacturing hand-grenades for the army. Charles also lost Martin Revson for the duration of the war when his brother joined the navy. The war also generated supply shortages in glass, metal and assorted cosmetic ingredients and may have been the reason Revlon rationalised its lines in 1943, dropping seven shades of nail enamel along with matching lipsticks and suspending three shades of Cheek Stick. However, this still left seventeen shades of nail enamel remaining and the war shortages did not stop Revlon from introducing new colours. Probably the most famous of these was Mrs. Miniver Rose. Packaged in a plastic case, as metal was in short supply, Revlon produced the shade – without consulting M.G.M., the makers of the wartime propaganda film ‘Mrs. Miniver’ – released in June 1942 starring Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon. Revson must have been gratified to see print fabrics, real and artificial roses and other fashion accessories on display in stores all over America soon after Revlon released the shade. Despite the war shortages, Revlon also managed to introduce some new products, including a brief foray into leg make-up with Leg Silk and, more importantly, the addition of face powder into its range with Revlon Wind-Milled Face Powder (1943) in Snow Pink, Vanilla Frost, Misty Coral, Peach Icing, Country Cream, Mrs. Miniver Rose, Rosy Future and Sun Mocha shades.  1945 Revlon Wind-Milled Face Power, Nail Polish and Lipstick in matching Russian Sable shade. My guess would be that the name was selected to mimic Coty’s Air Spun Face Powder, first put on the market in 1934. Revson admired Coty, it had class.  [Revson] was particularly enamored of their advertising. The Coty girl wore huge, wide-brimmed hats which became a trademark of the firm. Revson, then just commencing his own advertising program, must have looked in awe at the size and splendor of his competitor, for by then Coty had widened its line into lipstick, nail polish and other make-up lines. (Abrams, 1977, p. 99)  Revlon also made the winning bid of US$301,125 for the German firm Graef & Schmidt, Inc., New York which had been seized by the U.S. government in 1943 because of its German business ties. Revlon then exercised its option to buy Graef & Schmidt’s factory buildings and the company came out of the war able to make its own manicure and pedicure instruments removing the need to order them from an outside source. Post-war Although Revlon’s sales grew and its distribution network was extended, scarce supplies meant that Revlon’s growth was restricted during the war. Even so, by 1947 they had become the largest vendor of nail enamel and lipstick in the world (AP&EOR, 1947). As the post-war production ramped up Revlon continued on much as before except that beginning in 1944 they began to use full-color photographic advertisements to publicise their products in major magazines like ‘Vogue’ and ‘Harper’s Bazaar’ with spreads running occasionally over two pages. The post-war shade promotions included Fatal Apple (1945); Ultraviolet and Bachelor’s Carnation (1946); Cinderella’s Pumpkin (1947); Orchids to You (1948); Plumb Beautiful (1949); Sunny Side Up, Stormy Pink, Where’s the Fire? and Love that Red (1950); and Certainly Red (1951) but by far the most successful was Fire and Ice. The Fire and Ice shade promotion was launched in the autumn of 1952. It was developed by Kay Daley – from the advertising agency Norman, Craig & Kummel – and Bea Castle – Revlon’s in-house marketing executive – and featured the model Dorian Leigh in a silver sequinned dress with red cape photographed by Richard Avedon. ‘Vogue’ magazine planned its November issue around the shade, and the usual blanket of magazine ads, window displays, counter cards and radio endorsements, helped by a good deal of free publicity, pushed total Revlon sales to almost US$25.5 million.  1952 Revlon Fire and Ice window display. Revlon also added some new products in the immediate post-war period including Fashion Plate (1947), a pressed cream powder that promised a ‘poreless-as-porcelain’ finish but could be applied without water; Aquamarine Lotion (1947), a complexion lotion for the hands and body; Lip-Fashion lipstick (1948), a long, slim stick which had a double angled tip with a narrow side for outlining the lips and a broad side for filling them in; Touch & Glow (1950), a matt, liquid make-up in seven shades; and Dreamy Eye Make-up (1950), consisting of mascara, eyeliner and eyeshadow.  Above: 1952. Revlon manicurist using a nail template to enamel her own nails. When Aquamarine Lotion proved to be successful, Revlon built it into a complete line which included: Aquamarine Soap, Aquamarine Bath Powder, Aquamarine Cream Deodorant, and Aquamarine Spray Deodorant (1950); Aquamarine Cream Deodorant, and Aquamarine Lotion Deodorant (1951); Aquamarine Shaving Balm, Aquamarine Lotion, for hands and legs, and Aquamarine Lotion Shampoo, for dry, normal, oily and bleached hair (1952); Aquamarine Talc, and Aquamarine Spray Deodorant (1953); Aquamarine Splurge, after-bath mist (1954); and Aquamarine After Bath Freshener, and Aquamarine Milk Bath (1959). This practice of adding ‘flankers’ or ‘line extensions’ was repeated by Revlon to build a number of products into extended lines including Ultima, Moon Drops, Natural Wonder, Clear and Clear, and Sun Bath. By 1950, Revlon was a large cosmetics company with manufacturing plants in most of North and South America, in 11 countries in the Near and Middle East, and subsidiary organisations in 11 European countries as well as Britain, Iceland and Malta (AP&EOR, 1950). Overseas sales were handled by Revlon International Corporation. In the United States, the company’s products were distributed directly to 1,700 department stores, 5,700 better drug stores and numerous high class beauty salons (AP&EOR, 1951) and Revlon could be said to be on par with its competitors. However, apart from nail polish/enamel Revlon did not dominate any particular line of cosmetics and although it was a market leader in lipsticks, this lead would be challenged in the 1950s. The lipstick wars In 1950, Hazel Bishop began an extensive newspaper, radio and television campaign promoting Hazel Bishop Lasting Lipstick beginning what has been referred to as the ‘Lipstick Wars’. By 1953, Hazel Bishop had captured 25% of the American lipstick market and had also introduced a rouge and nail enamel into its cosmetics range. See also: Hazel Bishop and Lipstick Wars Most of Hazel Bishops’s success was the result of its extensive use of television advertising, a medium Revson did not understand and disparaged, mainly because it was broadcast in black-and-white not colour.  Just as color plays a major role in Revlon products, so it does in advertising. Each new color is promoted to the hilt. Magazine ads, counter cards, packages, window displays and direct mail proclaim the new colors as they come along. Color is one reason that Revlon has never gone heavily into radio or black-and-white television. But when color television is perfected, you can bet your bottom dollar Revlon will be in it. (AP&EOR, 1951, p. 116)  The situation was made worse for Revlon when Coty added Coty “24” indelible lipstick to its range in 1955 using the theme ‘Wake up beautiful with “alive” color glowing on your lips!’. It proved to be a big seller and affected Revlon’s sales even further. Between Hazel Bishop and Coty, Revlon’s share of the American lipstick market hit an all time low (Abrams, 1977, p. 128). In 1951, to combat Hazel Bishop, Revlon added Indelible-Creme Lipstick to its Regular Lipstick but was forced to abandoned it in 1953 when the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) got agreement from advertisers that lipsticks can only claim to be ‘indelible’, ‘smear-proof’, or ‘non-smear’ if the word ‘type’ was used with such descriptions. Its replacement was Lanolite Lipstick, a greasy, lanolin enriched lipstick, in non-smear and regular formulations but sales were disappointing. In 1955, in response to Coty “24”, Revlon introduced Living Lipstick (the twenty-four hour type) with the line ‘Put living color on your lips’ an obvious copy of Coty’s ‘alive’. Rather than face a protracted legal battle with Revlon for copying, Coty simply informed International Playtex – who had a trademark on ‘Living’ (for Living Bras) that included toiletries – and Revlon was forced to also cease production of this line under threat of a court action. Revlon’s Lustrous Lipstick – the fourth lipstick Revlon had marketed since 1951 – went on sale in 1956, one year after Revlon released the Futurama refillable lipstick cases designed by the jewellers Van Cleef & Arpels. When Futurama was first put on the market women could chose to insert either Living, Lanolite or Regular lipsticks (1955) and then later Lanolite, Lustrous or Living lipsticks (1956). This was too much. The choice confused women and Revlon got trade complaints about the need to stock three different types of lipstick in a wide range of colours and refills. Living lipstick was dropped because of the Playtex legal suit and Revlon dumped over 1,000,000 Lanolite lipsticks off its inventory (Abrams, 1977, p. 129) leaving only Lustrous Lipstick remaining.  Above: 1955 Revlon Living, Lustrous and Lanolite Lipsticks. Fortunately for Revlon it was now in a position to bear the cost of this. By 1956 it was the sole advertiser of the hottest television show in the America, ‘The $64,000 Question’. With it Revlon won the lipstick wars and Coty and Hazel Bishop were no longer considered a major threat. ‘The $64,000 Question’ Revlon had previously sponsored a number of television shows including ‘Revlon Mirror Theater’, ‘Mr. and Mrs. North’, ‘What’s Going On?’ and ‘Whom Do You Trust?’ none of which had proved to be successful in its battle with Hazel Bishop and their television program ‘This is Your Life’. Revson had little choice but to try again and much against his better judgement he agreed to be come the sole sponsor of yet another television program, ‘The $64,000 Question’. The show first went to air on 7th June, 1955 and after a slow start proved to be a phenomenon. Almost anything Revlon advertised on it got a massive sales boost. The company’s sales jumped from US$33,604,000 to US$51,646,000 in 1955 – even though the program had only been televised for six months – and had more than doubled to US$110,363,000 by 1958, the year the show went off the air (Abrams, 1977, p. 64). See also: Revlon and ‘The $64,000 Question’ By 1960, Revlon was the number one seller of lipstick, hairspray, nail products and make-up (Tobias, 1976, p. 148) and way out in front of all of its competitors, even outselling Avon. Revlon had also gone public on December 7, 1955, six months after the debut of ‘The $64,000 Question’. The shares began at US$12 but hit US$30 within a few weeks and were split two-for-one in 1956. Helena Rubinstein may have been a rival but even she had Revlon shares. However, Charles Revson was soon on his own. Joseph Revson left the firm in 1954 and Martin followed in 1958. In both cases the departures were acrimonious. Other lines While engaged in the lipstick wars Revlon was expanding its product range in a number of directions. The company added to its make-up range with Second Nature (1952), a liquid make-up base; Love-Pat (1953), a pressed powder-cream; and Touch & Glow Face Powder (1955). It also developed a skin-care range beginning with White Sable Liquid Cleansing Cream (1952); followed by Moon Drops (1953), a moisturising balm; Clean and Clear (1955), a foaming cleanser containing hexachlorophene; Build Up (1954), a firming facial; Waking Beauty (1954), a night cream containing vitamins A, D, and E; Liquid Asset (1957), a skin normaliser; and Ultima (1959), a face cream.  Above: 1955 Some of Revlon’s products produced in the year it became a public company and listed on the stock exchange. Included are: Lipsticks; Futurama lipstick cases; nail enamels; hair sprays; Touch and Glow liquid make-up and face powder, Love-Pat and Fashion Plate compacts; Aquamarine products; Build-Up firming facial, Moon Drops Moisture Balm, Waking Beauty Enriched Night Creme, White Sable Cleansing Creme, and Second Nature Estrogenic Liquid Make-up; eyeshadow, eyebrow pencil and mascara; Silicare; Clean and clear Deep Cleansing Liquid; Cheekstick, Liquid and Cake Rouge; manicuring equipment; and assorted fragrances Revson also began to show a greater interest in perfumes. If he had not been previously convinced about the importance of fragrance, the success of Estée Lauder’s Youth Dew Bath Oil (1953) must have certainly attracted his attention.  In 1968, making one of his infrequent public appearances as a speech maker, he told the National Association of Chain Store Druggists, “Get a fragrance going and you’ve got everything. Soaps, powders, after-bath colognes, bath beads — you name it!” Revson saw the line extension possibilities of fragrances as a money machine which could keep turning out product after product once the public accepted the basic essence.He also believed fragrances were one of the few untouchable areas free of government (FDA and FTC) regulation. “Y’know what they’d have to put on a fragrance label?” he told me once. “hopes and dreams — not ingredients, kiddie — hopes and dreams.” (Abrams, 1977, p. 116)  Revson had already followed this idea by releasing the Aquamarine line scent being made available as a spray mist in 1954 the same year that he released Fire and Ice Parfum. In 1955, Revlon introduced Intimate, a perfume that imitated Dior’s Miss Dior, first sold back in 1947. With some reluctance Revson agreed to it being advertised on television – the first fragrance to be promoted this way – and within a year it was one of the six largest selling fragrances in the world, again helped along by ‘The $64,000 Question’. Other products produced by Revlon in the 1950s included: Silicare (1953), a hand protectant; Silicare Medicated Hand and Body Lotion (1955); Sun Bath (1956), a beauty tanning lotion; Top Brass (1957), a men’s hair dressing; Hi and Dri (1957), a roll on deodorant (the antibiotic neomycin added in 1960); Living Curl (1958), a hair spray; and Thin Down (1958), tablets for weight reduction containing an appetite depressant and vitamins. Some of these came from Revlon’s increasing interest in pharmaceuticals; the company had been acquiring pharmaceutical firms and adding them to its Pharmaceutical Division instituted in 1955. Some of its pharmaceutical products were related to skin-care but others like Femicin, a medication for period pain, were drugs pure and simple. Prestige cosmetics By 1960 – thanks largely to the success of ‘The $64,000 Question’ – Revlon had become one of the biggest cosmetic firms in the United States; only Avon had larger overall sales. Rather than being happy about this, Charles Revson was worried. Revson knew that there was a difference between a commodity and a fashion item: a commodity is used until it is finished and competitors usually compete on price; a fashion item can be discarded long before the product is used up and competitors differentiate themselves through creativity and marketing skill, with a product that is priced accordingly. As they were primarily about colour, Revson could market nail enamels and lipsticks as fashion items with new colours appearing each spring and autumn. They were advertised extensively and marketed through packaging, displays and promotional tie-ins with fashion magazines and department stores which allowed Revlon to set a premium price. The Publishers Information Bureau indicated that Revlon spent US$396 on magazine advertising in 1935 (a single advertisement in the New Yorker); US$6987 in 1936; US$120,000 in 1941 after lipstick was added to the inventory and US$492,736 in 1949 (AP&EOR, 1951). Revlon advertised heavily in relation to its sales – and in its early days borrowed heavily to fund it – which gave people the impression that the company was a lot bigger than it really was (Tobias, 1976, p. 108). It also helped establish Revlon as a producer of prestigious products in the minds of its customers. A key to this strategy was maintaining a degree of exclusivity. To preserve its prestigious image as a high fashion, high margin brand, Revlon had to control distribution and keep its products out of stores that would cheapen the brand and lead to price competition. For the most part, Revlon had managed to do this, restricting its products to ‘selected’ stores and salons. Revlon entered the 1950s as a relatively luxurious nail polish and lipstick brand but it ended the decade largely as a mass marketer. This was mainly due to the success of its television advertising but it was also partly the result of the inclusion of new products that were more difficult to promote as fashion items. Revson was very aware of this problem and battled to try and maintain Revlon, or at least parts of the company, as a high-end brand.  The TV campaign had tripled Revlon sales, but it had also made it more mass than class, just the opposite of what Charles Revson had planned. He urged me to retain at least the combination of mass and class, and we had been able to do that through a combination of restricted distribution, luxury packaging and higher than average pricing. Still, there was no denying that the one thing Revlon was losing in the process of growth was “class.”. (Abrams, 1977, p. 190)  Abrams suggests that there was more to Revson’s obsession with class than simple economics.  Revson argued that the quality image of his top lines would enhance the image of basic Revlon. But pride, not profit, was his fundamental motivation in taking the course he did. (Abrams, 1977, p. 255)  Revson’s concern about prestige was the main reason behind a number of developments including the Princess Marcella Borghese line (1958) – the first time Revlon had used a ‘celebrity’ endorsement – the opening of ‘The House of Revlon’ beauty salon in New York (1961), and the introduction of the Ultima II line (1964). Princess Marcella Borghese After negotiations with Princess Marcella Borghese [1911-2002] in Italy, Princess Marcella Borghese, Inc. was registered as an American corporation in 1957, after which the Princess travelled to the United States to help develop the line. Things did not go smoothly; expected personal formulas for cosmetics proved to be non-existent (Abrams, 1977, p. 196) and, after the line was released in 1958, Fabergé took Revlon to court charging that the Borghese packaging and promotion copied their Julliette Marglen line. These problems may have turned Revson against it and be part of the reason why Princess Marcella Borghese was not mentioned in company reports until 1965. Diversification Other issues for Charles Revson were the fickle nature of the cosmetic business and potential limitations on the growth of the company, both issues made more pressing by the fact that Revlon had become a public company in 1955 and these factors affected its share price.  Above: 1955 New factory space acquired by Revlon from Johnson & Johnson in Edison, New Jersey, to help cope with the increased demand. It was located near the main line of the Pennsylvania Railway. The company occupied the site in July, 1956. Starting in 1957 with Knomark, Inc., the makers of Esquire shoe polish, Revlon began acquiring a number of businesses that Charles Revson hoped would maintain growth and reduce the company’s dependance on cosmetics. Purchases were relatively modest in the 1950s but picked up considerably in the next decade. Timeline   1932Brothers Charles and Joseph Revson and Charles R. Lachman establish Revlon. 1933Revlon Nail Enamel Corporation established.New Products: Adheron, a base-coat. 1934Revlon makes its first large sale to the Marshall Field department store. 1935Martin Revson joins Revlon.Revlon’s first ad appears in ‘The New Yorker’ magazine.New Products: New cream polish remover that lubricates the nails as it removes the polish. 1936Revlon opens a store account with Saks Fifth Avenue. 1937New showroom opens at 125 West 45th Street, New York.Revlon Style Department opens. 1938Revlon Export Corporation organisedNew Products: Solvent, a nail polish thinner; Prolon, a cream designed to prevent nails from splitting and breaking; and Lactol, a brittle nail treatment. 1939Revlon Nail Enamel Corporation changes its name to Revlon Products Corporation.Revlon introduces lipsticks to match its nail enamels. 1940 New Products: Pearl Hand Cream; and Cheek Stick, a cream rouge in a stick form. 1941 New Products: Seal-Fast, a clear top-coat; and Revlon Lipstick Brush. 1943 Revlon reorganises its shade range. New Products: Wind-Milled face powders; and Leg Silk leg make-up. 1944Revlon begins full-color photographic advertisements. 1945Revlon acquires Graef & Schmidt, Inc., New York to manufacturing its own manicure equipment. 1946Chicago office at 55 East Washington Square opened.New Products: Everon base coat; and Lucite lipstick cases. 1947Revlon enters the market in Great Britain.New Products: Aquamarine Lotion; and Fashion Plate, a pressed-cream make-up. 1948 New Products: Lip Fashion, a slim lipstick. 1950 New Products: Touch & Glow, a liquid makeup; Nail-Fix, for mending broken nails; and Dreamy Eye Make-up 1951New factories opened in England and France.New Products: Indelible-Creme lipstick. 1952Match Maker sets introduced to encourage matching of lipsticks and nail enamel.New Products: White Sable Liquid Cleansing Cream; and Second Nature, a liquid make-up base. 1953 New Products: Moon Drops Moisture Balm for dry skin; Cuticle Massage Cream and Creamy Cuticle Remover added to the Nail Builder line; Love-Pat, a pressed powder-cream make-up; Waking Beauty, night cream treatment for dry skin; and Silicare, a hand protectant. 1954 New Products: Fire and Ice Parfum; Lanolite Lipstick, in non-smear and regular formulations; Build-Up, an astringent skin tightener; Silken-Net, a liquid hair spray; and Quick-Dry, non-smear nail spray. 1955Revlon changes its name to Revlon, Inc. and goes public.New manufacturing facilities acquired in Edison, New Jersey.Revlon Pharmaceutical Division established.Joseph Revson leaves Revlon.New Products: Intimate parfum; Futurama lipstick cases; Living Lipstick (the twenty-four hour type); Lustrous Lipstick; Superbase, a base coat; Lastron Nail Enamel, a combination of nylon and cellulose acetate; Touch & Glow Face Powder; Clean and Clear, a liquid cleanser; Silicare Medicated Hand Lotion; and Satin-Set Hair Spray. 1956Thayer Laboratories, a drug division, established. New Products: Medicated Baby Silicare lotion; and Sun Bath, sun tan lotion; and Aquamarine Spray Mist.Ideal Toy Company begins manufacture of Revlon dolls. 1957Sales Department reorganised after the sales force had been doubled in 1956.New Products: Touch & Glow Pressed Powder; Futurama Compacts containing Love-Pat shades (refillable); Waterproof Cream Mascara; Clean and Clear for Very Dry Skin; Liquid Asset, a two-phase liquid to normalise both dry and oily skins; Seven Wonders dry skin cream; and Hi and Dri roll on deodorant. 1958Martin Revson leaves Revlon.Revlon acquires a 20% stake in Schick, Inc.New Products: Princess Marcella Borghese line; Moon Drops Moisture Foundation; Thin Down, tablets for weight reduction; Wonder Base, a base coat; Living Curl, a hair spray; Roll-On Mascara, Revlon’s first automatic mascara; Intimate Milk Bath and Intimate Bubble Bath; and Top Brass Deodorant and Top Brass After Shave Lotion. 1959Bressard Hair Products Corporation and Bressard Distributors, Inc., makers of hair colours, acquired.Revlon buys the distribution rights of Revillion Parfums of Paris for the USA and Canada.Revlon gains a controlling interest in Les Parfums Pierre Balmain of Paris.New Products: Ultima, a face cream; Intimate Hand Lotion; Intimate Fragrance Mist; Aquamarine After Bath Freshener; Aquamarine Milk Bath; Top Brass Cologne; and Color-Up, a cream hair conditioner and color rinse. 1960Realistic Company of Cincinnati, makers of professional beauty salon products, bought.Revlon Professional, aimed at the professional salon industry, established.New Products: Ultima make-up collection, liquid foundations, powders and lipsticks in natural complexion tints; Moon Drops line established with the addition of Moon Drops Moisturizing Cleanser and Moon Drops Facial Freshener.  Continued to: Revlon (post-1960) Updated: 23rd April 2017 Sources Abrams, G. J. (1977). That man: The story of Charles Revson. New York: Manor Books, Inc. Broadcasting Telecasting. (1958). Washington, DC: Broadcasting Publications, Inc. Dallaire, V. J. (1951). From and idea to $20,000,000 The American Perfumer & Essential Oil Review, February, 115-118. Nail enamel. (1959). Drug and Cosmetic Industry, 84(4), 458-459. Tedlow, R. S. (2003). Giants of enterprise. Seven business innovators and the empires they built. New York: HarperCollins Publishers, Inc. Television Magazine. New York: Frederick Kugel Company, Inc. Tobias, A. (1976). Fire and Ice: The story of Charles Revson—the man who built the Revlon empire. New York: William Morrow. Revlon, Inc. Annual Reports 1955-1960. Rise of Revlon. (1947). The American Perfumer & Essential Oil Review, May, 481-482. Woodhead, L. (2003). War paint: Miss Elizabeth Arden and Madame Helena Rubinstein. Their lives, their times, their rivalry. London: Virago.    Charles Haskell Revson [1906-1975].  1935 Revlon Nail polish. Revlon’s first advertisement in ‘The New Yorker’, August 10. Was the New York socialite entirely fictional or was Revson referring to Diane Vreeland who had returned to New York in May?  1937 Revlon Nail Polish. Charles Revson would later insist on using the word ‘enamel’ instead of ‘polish’ as he thought it sounded ‘classier’.  1938 Revlon Nail Enamels in a bottle shape the company would use through to 1947. Revlon nail enamels now came in 21 shades including: Cubana (a reddish brown), Riviera (an Ashes of Roses tint), Ascot (a rich glowing red with a bit of purple), Newport (for suntanned skins), Nassau (a glowing sunset red), Suez (a dusky brownish red), Sierra (a medium rose softened with brown and mauve), Lancer (a blush rose for blue shades) and Tartar (for greys, blacks and neutral clothing).  1939 Revlon Hand Sculpture Manicure. One of a range of manicures Revlon suggested.  1939 Revlon lipsticks. Colours included Shy, a wistful, mauve-tinged pink (for Shy, Shell and Lancer nail enamels), Windsor (for Windsor, and Savoy nail enamels), Sun Rose (for Sun Rose, Riviera, Sudan and Sierra nail enamels), Bravo, a clear unabashed scarlet (for Bravo and Amoa Red nail enamels), Juelton (Jueltone 1, Jueltone 2 and Jueltone 3 nail enamels), Red Dice, a glorious red (for Red Dice and Ascot nail enamels), Chilibean, an exotic, brown-seasoned rose (for Chilibean and Suez nail enamels), Tringar, a gyspsy rose-red (for Tringar 1, Tringar 2 and Tringar 3 nail enamels) and Mahogany (for the Mahogany nail enamel).  1939 Revlon Quick Trick.  1940 Revlon Cheek Stick.  1940 Revlon Pearl-Glow Nail Enamel a pearlescent nail polish.  1941 New matching shades by Revlon for fingertips, lips and cheeks. Revlon’s Cheek Stick rouge was introduced in 1940.  1941 Revlon Seal-Fast. The Seal-Cote Co. charged Revlon with copying their Seal-Cote product.  1942 Revlon lipstick and nail enamel in Mrs. Miniver Rose shade. “In the impersonal stillness of a motion picture theatre we in America have met Mrs. Miniver and loved her completely. And like the gentle old station master who grew the Mrs. Miniver Rose and said so staunchly. ‘There’ll always be roses,’ we of Revlon know there’ll always be women like Mrs. Miniver.”  1942 Revlon Nail Polishes.  1943 Revlon Rosy Future. An almost perfect shade name for wartime.  1944 Revlon Wind-Milled Face Power, Nail Enamel and Lipstick in matching Tournament of Roses shade. Revlon introduced face powder into its range in 1943.  1944 Revlon Cherry Coke, Scarlet Slipper and Bravo shades. Note the slogan Revlon used was ‘fingertips and lips’ not ‘lips and fingertips’ as is often incorrectly reported. This makes sense, as at this stage Revlon was still mainly a nail enamel company.  1945 Revlon Dynamite Face Power, Nail Enamel and Lipstick. Beginning in 1944, Revlon began launching full-color photographic advertisements in major magazines and stores across the country.  1945 Revlon Pink Lightning Face Powder.  1947 Revlon Cinderella’s Pumpkin.  1947 Revlon Goldstick. The lipstick case was a reproduction of a limited edition 24 karat gold case Revlon had released the previous year. The case would also be used in the Revlon Ultima line.  1948 Revlon Lip Fashion.  1948 Revlon’s Orchids For You Face Power, Nail Enamel and Lipstick. The nail enamel is packaged in a new bottle design and the lipstick is available in both regular and longer Lip Fashion forms.  1949 Revlon Fashion Plate pressed-cream make-up. First introduced in 1947 in 11 shades, it was encased in a rose-ivory ‘plate’ rimmed with ruby-red Lucite.  1950 Revlon Touch-and-Glow, a liquid matt make-up in seven shades. Candles became so strongly associated with Touch-and-Glow that they usually appear in other advertisements for this product.  1952 Revlon Fire and Ice. One of the most successful print campaigns the company ran. The dress had a front – covered in rhinestones mostly sewn on by a man who did costumes for strippers – but no back and was held in place with safety pins. The scarlet cape was a copy of one by Balenciaga that Kay Daley had seen in Paris (Tobias, 1976). The lipstick was available in Indelible-Creme and Regular formulations with the Regular and Frosted Nail Enamels made to an ‘Improved Formulation’.  1954 Revlon Aquamarine Lotion. The lotion would be followed by a number of line extensions that made up the Aquamarine range.  1954 Revlon Queen of Diamonds shade. Revlon nail enamels in this time were referred to as Wear Longer Nail Enamels presumably in response to Hazel Bishop’s Long-Lasting Nail Polish introduced in 1953.  1956 Revlon Love-Pat. Originally released in eight shades: Cream Beige, Cream Ivory, Dark Rachel, Sun Tan, Light, Light Light, Misty Rose, and Rachel.  1956 Revlon Moon Drops Moisture Balm. It was considered rather ‘bland’ and was not wildly successful (Woodhead, 2003, p. 344). Revlon added Moon Drops Moisture Foundation in 1958 and later turned Moon Drops into a complete line.  1956 Revlon Silicare medicated hand and body lotion.  1956 Revlon Intimate parfum.  1956 Revlon Futurama lipstick cases. These went on sale in 1955 after Revlon acquired the Braselton lipstick patents for lipstick cartridges in 1954. Despite the fact that they were produced in response to similar cases developed by Helena Rubinstein, Revlon entered into an agreement with her and Merle Norman – along with a number of container manufacturers, including Scovill and Risdon – to fix the price of lipstick refills including non-patented lipstick inserts until they were charged by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) with conspiracy (AP&EOR, 1958).  1957 Futurama lipstick cases.  1957 Revlon Lustrous Lipstick in Futurama cases.  1958 Princess Marcella Borghese. Although the cosmetics may have been ‘Italian inspired’ the recipes came from Revlon’s laboratory.  1959 Femicin from Thayer Laboratories. Released in 1958, this was the first product produced by Revlon’s pharmaceutical division.  1959 Revlon Clean and Clear.  1959 Revlon Top Brass.  1959 Revlon Moon Drops Moisture Balm and Moisture Foundation.  1959 Princess Marcella Borghese Velluto.  1960 Revlon Touch-and-Glow make-up.  1960 Revlon Sun Bath.  1960 Revlon Ultima.           If you liked this, share it!      © 2017 James Bennett   Email: cosmeticsandskin@gmail.com Twitter: @cosmetics_skinVogues in beauty come and go then crop up again in the never-ceasing search for something new—G. Vail, 1947.   ↑ Top    


Ultima II (cosmetics line) - Wikipedia





















 






Ultima II (cosmetics line)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


ULTIMA II

Product type
Cosmetics, skin care


Owner
Revlon Inc.


Country
 (New York)


Introduced
1962


Related brands
Revlon, Natural Wonder, Charlie


Markets
World


Website
www.ultimaii.com


ULTIMA II (cosmetics line) is a cosmetics and skin care line owned by Revlon, Inc.



Contents


1 History
2 Growth
3 Spokesmodels
4 External links
5 References



History[edit]
The "Ultima" name was originally coined by Bea Castle, the highest placed female executive working for Revlon at the time, for a new moisturising cream - "ULTIMA, The Precious Cream".[1] Following on from the success of the moisturiser, Revlon founder Charles Revson created the Charles Revson Inc. company in 1962 as the vehicle for his new top of the range line: Ultima II.[2] Revson claimed it was his favorite and most personal line, and it was the only line to which he directly attached his name until the launch of Revlon's "Charlie" perfume in 1973.
Growth[edit]
To promote the brand Charles Revson's private yacht was named Ultima II. To keep with tradition, present Revlon owner Ronald Perelman named his yacht Ultima III. Ultima II was always intended to be an upmarket cosmetic line, as opposed to the core range Revlon and youth range Natural Wonder, in a marketing strategy called "laddering" inspired by General Motors. Advertising targeted upper-class women and featured models clad in haute couture gowns. For a decade, Ultima II's slogan was "Dedicated to the woman who spends a lifetime living up to her potential." Ultima II's launch and advertising techniques were likely a response to the growing success of competitor Estée Lauder, who also aimed for an upmarket position in the cosmetic, skin care, and fragrance industry.
In 1971, Ultima II became the first cosmetics company to sign a model- Lauren Hutton - to an exclusive contract. The move gained enough attention to make Lauren the first fashion model to grace the cover of Newsweek magazine. Ultima II went one step further, and signed photographer Richard Avedon as her exclusive photographer.
In 1975, Ultima II partnered with jeweller Aldo Cipullo of Cartier to sell an authorized reproduction of the Love bracelet (Cartier), which he had designed six years earlier.[3]
In 1983, Ultima II hired a 21-year-old Kevyn Aucoin to produce a new line of make-up products - The New Nakeds , making Kevyn the youngest ever Creative Director for a major cosmetics company. The New Nakeds collection was notable because it was the first time a major cosmetics company launched a collection with shades that were suitable for all races of women, and thus became highly popular.
In 1989, Revlon decided to expand distribution of Ultima II from prestige department stores into moderate ones like JC Penney and drugstores like CVS, taking on a more mass-market approach.
When Revlon made the decision to withdraw all of its department store counters, the brand's success soon began to decline. It was discontinued in North America in 2001. In Europe, a market specific range was produced by EPB (L'Europeenee des Produits de Beaute) a Revlon subsidiary in France. It was withdrawn from sale in Europe in 2008. However Ultima II is available in Asia (specifically China/Hong Kong and Indonesia), having moderate success with their Clear White and Extraordinaire ranges. There is now an ULTIMA II Beauty Institute in the SOGO Department Store in Hong Kong.
The current range includes: -Supreme Caviar DNA -Extraordinaire -Extraordinaire Supreme -Procollagen Extrema -CHR (Charles Haskel Revson's initials) -Hydra Botanic -Clear White Supreme -Vital Radiance (once launched as a standalone brand in the U.S.) -Full Moisture -Under-it-all - plus Colour Cosmetics including lipsticks & glosses, mascaras, foundations, powders, eye shadows & liners, cheek blushers
Spokesmodels[edit]
Lauren Hutton modelled exclusively for Ultima II in the 1960s and 1970s. She was the nation's first cosmetics model to hold an exclusive contract. Models Cybill Shepherd, Aurélie Claudel, Monique Chevalier and Jenny Brunt also represented the brand. Actress Titi Kamal is the current "famous face" of Ultima II in Indonesia.
External links[edit]

Ultima II's Official Site
Ultima II's Indonesian Site

References[edit]

ultimaii.com




^ https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1314&dat=19590201&id=hjNWAAAAIBAJ&sjid=pucDAAAAIBAJ&pg=3750,279275
^ Fire and Ice
^ http://www.ultimaii.com/heritage-milestone









v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History












v
t
e


Revlon Inc.



Current brands



Revlon
Almay
Charlie
Institut Jeanne Gatineau
Mitchum
Ultima II





Defunct brands



Charles of the Ritz
Electric Youth
Natural Wonder





Former brands,
under new ownership



Clean & Clear
Esquire Shoe Polish
Germaine Monteil
Halston fragrances
Max Factor
Princess Marcella Borghese










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ultima_II_(cosmetics_line)&oldid=725555964"					
Categories: Cosmetics brandsRevlon brands 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2016, at 11:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ultima II (cosmetics line) - Wikipedia





















 






Ultima II (cosmetics line)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


ULTIMA II

Product type
Cosmetics, skin care


Owner
Revlon Inc.


Country
 (New York)


Introduced
1962


Related brands
Revlon, Natural Wonder, Charlie


Markets
World


Website
www.ultimaii.com


ULTIMA II (cosmetics line) is a cosmetics and skin care line owned by Revlon, Inc.



Contents


1 History
2 Growth
3 Spokesmodels
4 External links
5 References



History[edit]
The "Ultima" name was originally coined by Bea Castle, the highest placed female executive working for Revlon at the time, for a new moisturising cream - "ULTIMA, The Precious Cream".[1] Following on from the success of the moisturiser, Revlon founder Charles Revson created the Charles Revson Inc. company in 1962 as the vehicle for his new top of the range line: Ultima II.[2] Revson claimed it was his favorite and most personal line, and it was the only line to which he directly attached his name until the launch of Revlon's "Charlie" perfume in 1973.
Growth[edit]
To promote the brand Charles Revson's private yacht was named Ultima II. To keep with tradition, present Revlon owner Ronald Perelman named his yacht Ultima III. Ultima II was always intended to be an upmarket cosmetic line, as opposed to the core range Revlon and youth range Natural Wonder, in a marketing strategy called "laddering" inspired by General Motors. Advertising targeted upper-class women and featured models clad in haute couture gowns. For a decade, Ultima II's slogan was "Dedicated to the woman who spends a lifetime living up to her potential." Ultima II's launch and advertising techniques were likely a response to the growing success of competitor Estée Lauder, who also aimed for an upmarket position in the cosmetic, skin care, and fragrance industry.
In 1971, Ultima II became the first cosmetics company to sign a model- Lauren Hutton - to an exclusive contract. The move gained enough attention to make Lauren the first fashion model to grace the cover of Newsweek magazine. Ultima II went one step further, and signed photographer Richard Avedon as her exclusive photographer.
In 1975, Ultima II partnered with jeweller Aldo Cipullo of Cartier to sell an authorized reproduction of the Love bracelet (Cartier), which he had designed six years earlier.[3]
In 1983, Ultima II hired a 21-year-old Kevyn Aucoin to produce a new line of make-up products - The New Nakeds , making Kevyn the youngest ever Creative Director for a major cosmetics company. The New Nakeds collection was notable because it was the first time a major cosmetics company launched a collection with shades that were suitable for all races of women, and thus became highly popular.
In 1989, Revlon decided to expand distribution of Ultima II from prestige department stores into moderate ones like JC Penney and drugstores like CVS, taking on a more mass-market approach.
When Revlon made the decision to withdraw all of its department store counters, the brand's success soon began to decline. It was discontinued in North America in 2001. In Europe, a market specific range was produced by EPB (L'Europeenee des Produits de Beaute) a Revlon subsidiary in France. It was withdrawn from sale in Europe in 2008. However Ultima II is available in Asia (specifically China/Hong Kong and Indonesia), having moderate success with their Clear White and Extraordinaire ranges. There is now an ULTIMA II Beauty Institute in the SOGO Department Store in Hong Kong.
The current range includes: -Supreme Caviar DNA -Extraordinaire -Extraordinaire Supreme -Procollagen Extrema -CHR (Charles Haskel Revson's initials) -Hydra Botanic -Clear White Supreme -Vital Radiance (once launched as a standalone brand in the U.S.) -Full Moisture -Under-it-all - plus Colour Cosmetics including lipsticks & glosses, mascaras, foundations, powders, eye shadows & liners, cheek blushers
Spokesmodels[edit]
Lauren Hutton modelled exclusively for Ultima II in the 1960s and 1970s. She was the nation's first cosmetics model to hold an exclusive contract. Models Cybill Shepherd, Aurélie Claudel, Monique Chevalier and Jenny Brunt also represented the brand. Actress Titi Kamal is the current "famous face" of Ultima II in Indonesia.
External links[edit]

Ultima II's Official Site
Ultima II's Indonesian Site

References[edit]

ultimaii.com




^ https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1314&dat=19590201&id=hjNWAAAAIBAJ&sjid=pucDAAAAIBAJ&pg=3750,279275
^ Fire and Ice
^ http://www.ultimaii.com/heritage-milestone









v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History












v
t
e


Revlon Inc.



Current brands



Revlon
Almay
Charlie
Institut Jeanne Gatineau
Mitchum
Ultima II





Defunct brands



Charles of the Ritz
Electric Youth
Natural Wonder





Former brands,
under new ownership



Clean & Clear
Esquire Shoe Polish
Germaine Monteil
Halston fragrances
Max Factor
Princess Marcella Borghese










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ultima_II_(cosmetics_line)&oldid=725555964"					
Categories: Cosmetics brandsRevlon brands 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2016, at 11:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ultima II (cosmetics line) - Wikipedia





















 






Ultima II (cosmetics line)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


ULTIMA II

Product type
Cosmetics, skin care


Owner
Revlon Inc.


Country
 (New York)


Introduced
1962


Related brands
Revlon, Natural Wonder, Charlie


Markets
World


Website
www.ultimaii.com


ULTIMA II (cosmetics line) is a cosmetics and skin care line owned by Revlon, Inc.



Contents


1 History
2 Growth
3 Spokesmodels
4 External links
5 References



History[edit]
The "Ultima" name was originally coined by Bea Castle, the highest placed female executive working for Revlon at the time, for a new moisturising cream - "ULTIMA, The Precious Cream".[1] Following on from the success of the moisturiser, Revlon founder Charles Revson created the Charles Revson Inc. company in 1962 as the vehicle for his new top of the range line: Ultima II.[2] Revson claimed it was his favorite and most personal line, and it was the only line to which he directly attached his name until the launch of Revlon's "Charlie" perfume in 1973.
Growth[edit]
To promote the brand Charles Revson's private yacht was named Ultima II. To keep with tradition, present Revlon owner Ronald Perelman named his yacht Ultima III. Ultima II was always intended to be an upmarket cosmetic line, as opposed to the core range Revlon and youth range Natural Wonder, in a marketing strategy called "laddering" inspired by General Motors. Advertising targeted upper-class women and featured models clad in haute couture gowns. For a decade, Ultima II's slogan was "Dedicated to the woman who spends a lifetime living up to her potential." Ultima II's launch and advertising techniques were likely a response to the growing success of competitor Estée Lauder, who also aimed for an upmarket position in the cosmetic, skin care, and fragrance industry.
In 1971, Ultima II became the first cosmetics company to sign a model- Lauren Hutton - to an exclusive contract. The move gained enough attention to make Lauren the first fashion model to grace the cover of Newsweek magazine. Ultima II went one step further, and signed photographer Richard Avedon as her exclusive photographer.
In 1975, Ultima II partnered with jeweller Aldo Cipullo of Cartier to sell an authorized reproduction of the Love bracelet (Cartier), which he had designed six years earlier.[3]
In 1983, Ultima II hired a 21-year-old Kevyn Aucoin to produce a new line of make-up products - The New Nakeds , making Kevyn the youngest ever Creative Director for a major cosmetics company. The New Nakeds collection was notable because it was the first time a major cosmetics company launched a collection with shades that were suitable for all races of women, and thus became highly popular.
In 1989, Revlon decided to expand distribution of Ultima II from prestige department stores into moderate ones like JC Penney and drugstores like CVS, taking on a more mass-market approach.
When Revlon made the decision to withdraw all of its department store counters, the brand's success soon began to decline. It was discontinued in North America in 2001. In Europe, a market specific range was produced by EPB (L'Europeenee des Produits de Beaute) a Revlon subsidiary in France. It was withdrawn from sale in Europe in 2008. However Ultima II is available in Asia (specifically China/Hong Kong and Indonesia), having moderate success with their Clear White and Extraordinaire ranges. There is now an ULTIMA II Beauty Institute in the SOGO Department Store in Hong Kong.
The current range includes: -Supreme Caviar DNA -Extraordinaire -Extraordinaire Supreme -Procollagen Extrema -CHR (Charles Haskel Revson's initials) -Hydra Botanic -Clear White Supreme -Vital Radiance (once launched as a standalone brand in the U.S.) -Full Moisture -Under-it-all - plus Colour Cosmetics including lipsticks & glosses, mascaras, foundations, powders, eye shadows & liners, cheek blushers
Spokesmodels[edit]
Lauren Hutton modelled exclusively for Ultima II in the 1960s and 1970s. She was the nation's first cosmetics model to hold an exclusive contract. Models Cybill Shepherd, Aurélie Claudel, Monique Chevalier and Jenny Brunt also represented the brand. Actress Titi Kamal is the current "famous face" of Ultima II in Indonesia.
External links[edit]

Ultima II's Official Site
Ultima II's Indonesian Site

References[edit]

ultimaii.com




^ https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1314&dat=19590201&id=hjNWAAAAIBAJ&sjid=pucDAAAAIBAJ&pg=3750,279275
^ Fire and Ice
^ http://www.ultimaii.com/heritage-milestone









v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History












v
t
e


Revlon Inc.



Current brands



Revlon
Almay
Charlie
Institut Jeanne Gatineau
Mitchum
Ultima II





Defunct brands



Charles of the Ritz
Electric Youth
Natural Wonder





Former brands,
under new ownership



Clean & Clear
Esquire Shoe Polish
Germaine Monteil
Halston fragrances
Max Factor
Princess Marcella Borghese










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ultima_II_(cosmetics_line)&oldid=725555964"					
Categories: Cosmetics brandsRevlon brands 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2016, at 11:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ultima II (cosmetics line) - Wikipedia





















 






Ultima II (cosmetics line)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


ULTIMA II

Product type
Cosmetics, skin care


Owner
Revlon Inc.


Country
 (New York)


Introduced
1962


Related brands
Revlon, Natural Wonder, Charlie


Markets
World


Website
www.ultimaii.com


ULTIMA II (cosmetics line) is a cosmetics and skin care line owned by Revlon, Inc.



Contents


1 History
2 Growth
3 Spokesmodels
4 External links
5 References



History[edit]
The "Ultima" name was originally coined by Bea Castle, the highest placed female executive working for Revlon at the time, for a new moisturising cream - "ULTIMA, The Precious Cream".[1] Following on from the success of the moisturiser, Revlon founder Charles Revson created the Charles Revson Inc. company in 1962 as the vehicle for his new top of the range line: Ultima II.[2] Revson claimed it was his favorite and most personal line, and it was the only line to which he directly attached his name until the launch of Revlon's "Charlie" perfume in 1973.
Growth[edit]
To promote the brand Charles Revson's private yacht was named Ultima II. To keep with tradition, present Revlon owner Ronald Perelman named his yacht Ultima III. Ultima II was always intended to be an upmarket cosmetic line, as opposed to the core range Revlon and youth range Natural Wonder, in a marketing strategy called "laddering" inspired by General Motors. Advertising targeted upper-class women and featured models clad in haute couture gowns. For a decade, Ultima II's slogan was "Dedicated to the woman who spends a lifetime living up to her potential." Ultima II's launch and advertising techniques were likely a response to the growing success of competitor Estée Lauder, who also aimed for an upmarket position in the cosmetic, skin care, and fragrance industry.
In 1971, Ultima II became the first cosmetics company to sign a model- Lauren Hutton - to an exclusive contract. The move gained enough attention to make Lauren the first fashion model to grace the cover of Newsweek magazine. Ultima II went one step further, and signed photographer Richard Avedon as her exclusive photographer.
In 1975, Ultima II partnered with jeweller Aldo Cipullo of Cartier to sell an authorized reproduction of the Love bracelet (Cartier), which he had designed six years earlier.[3]
In 1983, Ultima II hired a 21-year-old Kevyn Aucoin to produce a new line of make-up products - The New Nakeds , making Kevyn the youngest ever Creative Director for a major cosmetics company. The New Nakeds collection was notable because it was the first time a major cosmetics company launched a collection with shades that were suitable for all races of women, and thus became highly popular.
In 1989, Revlon decided to expand distribution of Ultima II from prestige department stores into moderate ones like JC Penney and drugstores like CVS, taking on a more mass-market approach.
When Revlon made the decision to withdraw all of its department store counters, the brand's success soon began to decline. It was discontinued in North America in 2001. In Europe, a market specific range was produced by EPB (L'Europeenee des Produits de Beaute) a Revlon subsidiary in France. It was withdrawn from sale in Europe in 2008. However Ultima II is available in Asia (specifically China/Hong Kong and Indonesia), having moderate success with their Clear White and Extraordinaire ranges. There is now an ULTIMA II Beauty Institute in the SOGO Department Store in Hong Kong.
The current range includes: -Supreme Caviar DNA -Extraordinaire -Extraordinaire Supreme -Procollagen Extrema -CHR (Charles Haskel Revson's initials) -Hydra Botanic -Clear White Supreme -Vital Radiance (once launched as a standalone brand in the U.S.) -Full Moisture -Under-it-all - plus Colour Cosmetics including lipsticks & glosses, mascaras, foundations, powders, eye shadows & liners, cheek blushers
Spokesmodels[edit]
Lauren Hutton modelled exclusively for Ultima II in the 1960s and 1970s. She was the nation's first cosmetics model to hold an exclusive contract. Models Cybill Shepherd, Aurélie Claudel, Monique Chevalier and Jenny Brunt also represented the brand. Actress Titi Kamal is the current "famous face" of Ultima II in Indonesia.
External links[edit]

Ultima II's Official Site
Ultima II's Indonesian Site

References[edit]

ultimaii.com




^ https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1314&dat=19590201&id=hjNWAAAAIBAJ&sjid=pucDAAAAIBAJ&pg=3750,279275
^ Fire and Ice
^ http://www.ultimaii.com/heritage-milestone









v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History












v
t
e


Revlon Inc.



Current brands



Revlon
Almay
Charlie
Institut Jeanne Gatineau
Mitchum
Ultima II





Defunct brands



Charles of the Ritz
Electric Youth
Natural Wonder





Former brands,
under new ownership



Clean & Clear
Esquire Shoe Polish
Germaine Monteil
Halston fragrances
Max Factor
Princess Marcella Borghese










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ultima_II_(cosmetics_line)&oldid=725555964"					
Categories: Cosmetics brandsRevlon brands 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2016, at 11:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 




Charles Revson of the Revlon Empire Dies - The New York Times

















































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Archives|Charles Revson of the Revlon Empire Dies







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/1QELuGK








Advertisement







Archives
|
                1975            
Charles Revson of the Revlon Empire Dies

By ENID NEMYAUG. 25, 1975



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story















View page in TimesMachine





 August 25, 1975, Page 30 The New York Times Archives


Charles Haskell Revson, president of Revlon, Inc., the cosmetics giant, died yesterday of cancer at the Columbia‐Presbyterian Medical Center. He was 68 years old and lived in New Rochelle, N.Y.Mr. Revson, who built an empire from colorful nail enamel that a chemist friend heated over a Bunsen burner, was a man of unrelenting drive, unremitting standards, farranging imagination and an uncanny ability to spot a trend while it was still a distant breeze.A man who had been so excited with his first order for $400 that he wired his brother the news, and who had kept his business, alive in its first year by paying interest of 2 per cent a month to loan sharks, he presided at the time of his death over the largest cosmetics and fragrance company in the retail market. (It is exceeded in size in its field only by the Avon Corporation, which uses the door‐to‐door method of sales distribution.)Mr. Revson, son of a cigar packer who had emigrated from Russia, was born in Boston, on Oct. 11, 1906, and was brought up in Manchester, N. H. He came to New York at the age of 17. Through the influence of a cousin, he got a job selling $16.75 dresses on Seventh Avenue, but was happier when he was put in charge of the company's piece‐goods department.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

He entered the beauty business while still in his early 20's, selling the nail polish that was then, available—a thin, translucent coating in a few basic colos. He left his employer, the Elka Company, in 1932, when he was refused the job of national distributor. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





Revlon was born the same year, when Mr. Revson and his older brother, Joseph, met Charles Lachman (the L in Revlon), a chemist who had experimented over a Bunsen burner and produced a formula for a creamy, opaque, nonstreak nail polish. The three pooled their resources, a matter of $300, and went into business in a room on Manhattan's West Side.Concentrated on SalonsThe company grew, even during the Depression, because of Mr. Revson's decision to concentrate his sales efforts on beauty salons, which were then in the midst of the permanentwave boom. Even after Revlon began to sell through department and drug stores, in 1937, the salon business remained its major preoccupation for some years. By 1941 Revlon had a near monopoly in the estimated total of 100,000 beauty salons throughout the country, selling in bulk to the professional operators, and to the women who bought their cosmetics at the salons. The dominance built up during that period exists to this day.Mr. Revson was generally recognized as the moving force of the company and the visionary bOth in new‐product development (in his younger days, he often walked‐around with nails dabbed with polish and hands striped with lipstick) and in the advertising that pushed Revlon to national prominence.Revlon introduced the concept of “matching lips and fingertips” in 1939—earlier, colors of lipstick and nail polish had not been thus coordinated, and there were only a few shades (generally light, medium and dark) in each. This was followed by magazine advertising that promoted Revlon's varied, glamorous colors and romantic names; it was consistently brilliant and considered the best in the industry. In 1951, the “Fire and Ice” advertisement was introduced; it is still considered one of the classics of the beauty businessDespite the extraordinary magazine impact, most of it sparked by Mr. Revson's demand for nothing less than perfection, Revlon's television efforts were, until 1955, mediocre, In that year, Revlon began sponsorship of “The $64,000 Question,” with a clause, unusual at the time, that gave it the right to abandon the program after 13 weeks should it prove a dud. After its first showing, Mr. Revson was unconvinced about its drawing power:“It's a turkey,” he told colleagues who gathered after the show.Swamped With DemandNevertheless, from the day the program went on the air, the company was swamped with dealer demand. Sales rose 54 per cent, earnings went up almost 200 per cent, and even the resultant quiz‐show scandals could not diminish the impact. Revlon shares, whiCh had just been offered to the public at $12 a, share, rose to $30 in three months.In the ensuing years, new products and use of advertising continued their parallel courses in pushing Revlon to the top of the industry. Cosmetics, skin care products, shampoos and hair sprays, fragrances and men's products, in a wide range, prices, spewed forth from the fertile minds of company and advertising executives, from Revlon's product‐development laboratory and from acquisition's. The trade names marketed by Revlon included Ultima II, Princess Marcella Borghese, Moon Drops, Intimate, Fianima, Replique, Miss Balmain, Etherea, Bill Blass, Braggi and Royal Pub. The advertising budget, $7.5‐million in 1955, grew to $52‐million by 1973.By the early nineteen‐sixties, Joseph Revson and Mr. Lachman had resigned from the company. A younger brother, Martin, who entered the business in 1935, resigned in 1958 and sued his brother on charges of fraud, misrepresentation and breach of agreement in a stock deal. The suit was settled out of court, but the brothers remained estranged until after Joseph's death in 1971. Martin Revson is now head of Dell Laboratories, manufacturer of inexpensive cosmetics.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Decision to DiversifyOne of Charles Revson's most orilliant business moves was his decision in 1966 to diversify his cosmetics empire by nibbling off a tiny piece of the hugely profitable pharmaceutical industry. Against the advice of most of his associates, he paid $67.5‐million for the United States Vitamin and Pharmaceutical Corporation, a sleepy drug company with modest sales of $21‐million a year.As he had with Revlon, Mr. Revson soon began adding products to the U.S.V. line. Cross‐licensing agreements with foreign companies brought with them the right to market new drugs in this country and elsewhere, and a 1971 exchange lagreement with the Ciba‐Geigy Corporbtion gave U.S.V. certain marketing rights, patents and trademarks for four widely used drugs, and marketing rights to 13 additional drugs. Revlon expanded into 11 new and different therapeutic categories and, in return, Ciba‐Geigy received $25‐million in cash and the rights to market an oral diabetic drug.Less than a decade after he had entered the pharmaceutical industry, 23 per cent of the sales of Revlon, Inc. and 28 per cent of its profits derived from sales of health products in the United States and 46 other countries.By 1974 the Revlon product range had grown to more than 3,500 individual items, sold in 85 countries. The company's sales totaled $605‐million and net earnings were $49.8‐million.Mr. Revson's business judgment was not, however, infallible. Involvements with businesses as diverse as plastic flowers and loungewear, made in Hong Kong, and sportswear, made in the United States, were terminated in a comparatively short time. The company's fouryear ownership of Evan‐Picone, the sportswear house, resulted in a loss of $1.75‐million when it was sold in 1966.Interest in ClothesAlthough his professional ventures into the fashion industry were peripheral and shortlived; Mr. Revson's personal interest in the clothes worn by his third wife, the former Lyn Fisher Sheresky (their 10‐year marriage ended in divorce in 1974), resulted in one of his most astute business tie‐ups.At one time, the late designer Norman Norell would send his collection to the Revlon office, where Mr. Revson selected styles for his wife. Liter, Mr. Revson began to accompany his wife to fashionable showroom openings.He thought so highly of the designer's talents that he made a business arrangement with him under which the Norell name went on Revlon's most prestigious perfume. It was fortuitous timing; the venture came just as a fragrance boom was beginning, and the new scent, Norell, became what many considered the first great American perfume. Mr. Revson, aware of the fragrance trend, soon followed Norell with Charlie; a less expensive scent aimed at a younger market.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Although Revlon was built on its sales to women, Mr. Revson employed few of them in key positions.“I don't think he trusted women's thinking to any degree,” commented one who knew him well, and who remembered his comment that “a man gets his strength from a woman and then he goes on from there.”Opposite Ends of RoomHowever, because of the nature of the cosmetics business, women were the objects of his principal business vendettas. He was loath to mention the name of his competitors, and it was known as the height of folly to invite the Revlon founder and Estee Lauder, a chief rival in the field, to the same party. When the two did find themselves in the same room, they pretended they weren't, and proceeded, with entourages, to opposite ends.Mr. Revson had the last word in earlier business feuds, although he did not retaliate publicly while they were going on. The late Elizabeth Arden called him “that man,” and he so named one of his men's fragrances. The late Helena Rubinstein referred to him as “the nail man.” After her death, he bought her Park Avenue triplex. He also made certain that he surmounted other cosmetics companies in the General Motors Building, home of Revlon's corporate headquarters. Estée Lauder's offices are on the 37th floor and Helena Rubinstein's, until a recent move, were the 32d; Revlon is at the top.The prestige built up by Estée Lauder, and the fact that Mr. Revson and Mrs. Lauder both moved with international society, perhaps accounted for Mr. Revson's increasing preoccupation with building up his own name in his later years.“Charles Revson” began to be used in advertising copy, and news releases went out on paper emblazoned with inch‐high gold letters outlining the name. And although he was known as Charles to his friends, he was not averse to the marketing of the name Charlie.Kept Eye on DetailsDespite his interest in the social whirl, and the amount of time he spent aboard the Ultima H, the 257‐foot, 1,200‐ton yacht he bought from Daniel K. Ludwig, multimillionaire shipbuilder, Mr. Revson never lost contact with his office. He was aware of the smallest details within the organization and was never hesitant in voicing opinion or criticism.“He chewed up executives the way some people chew vitamins,” said one chewed‐up executive, who noted that even the hefty financial rewards offered by the company were nut sufficient to prevent a considerable turnover in upper‐echelon personnel and in advertising agencies. At one time, the corporate headquarters was dubbed “one big revolving door.”At meetings, Mr. Revson had a reputation for lowering the heavy lids over his sharp blue eyes and assuming a sleepy look. The knowledgeable were aware that the pose did not affect his vision. He pounced when it was least expected, and conferences would go on long after everyone else was weary.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

His employes were rarely told that they did a good job, an omission many found frustrating. Others were irked at the atmosphere engendered by his personal likes and dislikes. Office romances were frowned on, women in pants were merely tolerated, and beards and brown shoes on male employes were restricted “not by dictum but by tone.”Enjoyed His SuccessMr. Revson fully enjoyed the accouterments of success—the yacht, the triplex, a country estate in Westchester, a chauffeur‐driven Rolls‐Royce, and the tailors and barbers who came to him. He enjoyed, too, helping friends in distress.As a man who never went to college, he took a particular satisfaction in seeing his name on medical centers and fellowships (the Charles Revson Diagnostic Center at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, the Charles Revson Institute of Ophthalmology at. New York Medical Center, graduate fellowships at Brandeis University, Revson Plaza at Columbia University). He also contributed important sums of money to the Salk Institute and various charities.Although there had been some speculation about Mr. Revson's unwillingness to groom a successor, the guessing was brought to an end in 1974. Shortly before he underwent surgery, Mr. Revson named Michel G. Bergerac, former president of ITT Europe, Inc., as president of Revlon.Besides his brother, Martin, Mr. Revson is survived by two sons, John, Who is vice president of the company's. Etherea Fine Fragrance Division, and Charles Jr., who is director of marketing. fragrances of the Borghese Division an adopted daughter, Penelope Revson, and one grandchild. The sons are the children of his second marriage, to Joanna Katrinka de Knecht, who is now Mrs. Ben Johnson of Palm Beach, Fla. Mr. Revson's first marriage, to Ida Tompkins, also ended in divorce.A funeral service will he held tomorrow at 2 P.M. in Temple Emanu‐El, Fifth Avenue and 165th Street.
Continue reading the main story



















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times


























	CHARLES REVSON Trademark of CHARLES REVSON INC.. Serial Number: 76070288 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Cosmetics and Cleaning Products
CHARLES REVSON










 
Get FREE email alerts













CHARLES REVSON  Trademark Information
 CHARLES REVSON INC.
Makeup; skin care products, namely, skin moisturizers, facial creams, eye creams, facial cleansers and facial toners




Perfect for these industries

Cosmetics and Cleaning Products





Words that describe this mark
makeup   skin   care   products         skin   moisturizers      facial   creams      eye   creams      facial   cleansers   facial   toners    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CHARLES REVSON trademark by CHARLES REVSON INC. 
                                in New York, , 10022.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CHARLES REVSON trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner CHARLES REVSON INC. of the CHARLES REVSON trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CHARLES REVSON trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, June 13, 2000,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CHARLES REVSON by 
                        CHARLES REVSON INC., New York 10022.
                        The USPTO has given the CHARLES REVSON 
                        trademark serial  number of  76070288.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for CHARLES REVSON is 
                        
                        
                                            ARCH M AHERN of 
                                            REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORPORATION,  625 MADISON AVE, NEW YORK NY  10022 
                                .
                            The CHARLES REVSON trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Cosmetics and Cleaning Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CHARLES REVSON 
                            is Makeup; skin care products, namely, skin moisturizers, facial creams, eye creams, facial cleansers and facial toners. 
                            





Word mark:
 CHARLES REVSON


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

7/4/2003






  Serial Number:  
76070288


  Filing Date:  
6/13/2000


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Makeup; skin care products, namely, skin moisturizers, facial creams, eye creams, facial cleansers and facial toners


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/10/2001


Last Applicant/Owner:

CHARLES REVSON INC.New York 10022
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


ARCH M AHERN
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORPORATION
625 MADISON AVE
NEW YORK NY  10022






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (003) - Bleaching preparations and other substances for laundry use; cleaning, polishing, scouring and abrasive preparations; soaps; perfumery, essential oils, cosmetics, hair lotions; dentifrices. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CHARLES REVSON trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/4/2003
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ARCH M AHERN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CHARLES REVSON trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search charlesrevson on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CHARLES REVSON 




CHARLES REVSON is providing Makeup; skin care products, namely, skin moisturizers, facial creams, eye creams, facial cleansers and facial toners.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Charles Revson Inc                                                                                                       - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Membership organizations, Nec



Charitable Organization



                            Charles Revson Inc
                                    



 





















C 


Charles Revson Inc                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



625 MADISON AVE NEW YORK, NY 10022
Get Directions



(212) 935-3340
www.revsonfoundation.org                                                                                





Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated NY
 Annual Revenue $160,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Charitable Organization
 Contacts Jack L Stahl                                                                                                            






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Charles Revson Inc                                                                                                       was founded in 2004, and is located at 625 Madison Ave in New York. Additional information is available at www.revsonfoundation.org                                                                                 or by contacting Jack L Stahl                                                                                                             at (212) 935-3340. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















	Company History - Revlon 



























BACK TO TOP








Search












Where To Buy






Products






Mascara


ColorStay Eye


Revlon YOUTH FX™


Lips


Eyes


Face


Nails


Hair


Fragrance


Beauty Tools


Brushes


Hair Tools







Behind The Color






View All

Legacy







About








Revlon Fact Sheet


Where To Buy Revlon Products


Supplier Registration		


Transparency in Supply Chain


Animal Testing Policy


Ingredients		


Revlon's Safety Methodology


Product Safety		


Beauty Tools Guarantee		


REVLON GLOBAL LOCATIONS










Contact Us





Careers





Site Map





Privacy Notice





Terms of Use





Global Sites








ARGENTINA


Australia


CANADA - ENGLISH


CANADA - FRENCH


FRANCE


HONG KONG - CHINESE


HONG KONG - ENGLISH


Italy


JAPAN


MEXICO


New Zealand


Russia


South Africa


Spain


UNITED KINGDOM















Legacy











In the factory, we make cosmetics.
In the drug store, we sell hope.”
Charles Revson, Founder of Revlon
In 1932, brothers Charles and Joseph Revson, along with chemist CR Lachman, would change the beauty industry forever. Revlon began with a single product: revolutionary nail enamel that came in colors other than red. Soon, the colorful, opaque shades were seen on women’s fingertips everywhere—including the cover of Vogue.


















1950s
From the glossy magazine pages of the 1950s sprung one of the most talked-about beauty campaigns of all time for Revlon’s Fire & Ice™  lipstick and nail enamel. 

During a time when exotic foreign actresses, like Brigitte Bardot and Ingrid Bergman, were dominating popular culture, the Revlon campaign showed the American woman that she could be as compelling and glamorous in everyday life as any starlet on the silver screen. 
















1960s
In the 1960s Revlon flipped the conversation, bringing the “American Look” to the rest of the world through advertising featuring U.S. models. 

























1970s
The 1970s ushered in a new wave of feminism. Revlon was there, mirroring women’s progress with the development of new products. The brand added face and eye makeup to its lines.
In 1973, the brand announced what would become the #1 fragrance in the world: Charlie™. Over 40 years later, the perfume’s youthful sophistication is still sought after by women of all ages.















1980s
The 1980s marked a period of transition for the brand, leaving department stores to become one of the top mass-market beauty brands. At the same time, Revlon partnered with some of the world’s most “unforgettable women,” including Iman, Claudia Schiffer, Cindy Crawford and Christy Turlington. 

























1990s
Revlon debuted its ColorStay™ collection in the 1990s. Featuring Brand Ambassador Halle Berry, the line soon became the #1 longwear brand—and has remained so ever since.















2000s
The millennium brought a bold new influence to Revlon when world-renowned makeup artist Gucci Westman joined as Global Artist Director through April 2015, pushing the brand on the forefront of trend and fashion.
In 2011, talented and style savvy movie stars Emma Stone and Olivia Wilde joined the long list of inspiring, beautiful women who call themselves Revlon Brand Ambassadors.




















The brand that got its start in a few New York City beauty salons over 80 years ago can now be found in the vanity tables and make-up bags of bold, glamorous women across the globe.
Are you one of them?






























Revlon - Wikipedia





















 






Revlon

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Revlon





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: REV


Industry
Cosmetics, skin care, fragrances and personal care


Founded
1932


Founder
Joseph & Charles Revson
Charles Lachman


Headquarters
One New York Plaza
New York, NY 10004
U.S.



Key people

Fabian Garcia (CEO)


Revenue
 $2.334 Billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 $0.138 Billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 $-0.022 Billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 $3.024 Billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 $-0.615 Billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

5,700 (2016)[3]


Parent
MacAndrews & Forbes: 60% (74% of votes)
Fidelity Investments: 20%


Website
www.revlon.com


Revlon, Inc. is an American multinational cosmetics, skin care, fragrance, and personal care company founded in 1932 and based in New York City.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and Charles Revson control (1932-1975)
1.2 Michel Begerac control (1975-1985)
1.3 Ronald Perelman control (1985-present)


2 Advertising
3 Philanthropy
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Founding and Charles Revson control (1932-1975)[edit]
Revlon was founded in the midst of the Great Depression, 1932, by Charles Revson and his brother Joseph along with a chemist, Charles Lachman, who contributed the "L" in the Revlon name. Starting with a single product — a new type of nail enamel — the three founders pooled their resources and developed a unique manufacturing process. Using pigments instead of dyes, Revlon developed a variety of new shades of opaque nail enamel. In 1937, Revlon started selling the polishes in department stores and drug stores. In six years, the company became a multimillion-dollar organization. By 1940, Revlon offered an entire manicure line, and added lipstick to the collection. During World War II, Revlon created makeup and related products for the U.S. Army, which was honored in 1944 with the Army-Navy "E" Award for Excellence.
By the end of the war, Revlon was listed as one of America's top five cosmetic houses. Expanding its capabilities, the company bought Graef & Schmidt, a cutlery manufacturer seized by the government in 1943 because of German business ties. This acquisition made it possible for Revlon to produce its own manicure and pedicure instruments, instead of buying them from outside supply sources.
In November 1955, Revlon went public. The IPO price was $12 per share, but it reached $30 per share within 8 weeks.
In the 1960s, Revson segmented Revlon Inc into different divisions, each focusing on a different market. He borrowed this strategy from General Motors. Each division had its own target customer:

Revlon, the largest and most popular-priced brand
Princess Marcella Borghese, upscale/international
Ultima II, premium
Natural Wonder, juniors
Moon Drops, dry skin
Etherea, hypo-allergenic

In 1957, Revlon acquired Knomark, a shoe-polish company, and sold its shoe-polish line Esquire Shoe Polish in 1969. Other acquisitions, such as Ty-D-Bol, the maker of toilet cleansers, and a 27 percent interest in the Schick electric shaver company were soon discarded. Evan Picone, a women's sportswear manufacturer which came with a price tag of $12 million in 1962, was sold back to one of the original partners four years later for $1 million. However, the 1967 acquisition of U.S. Vitamin and Pharmaceutical Corporation made Revlon a leader in diabetes drugs.
The company began to market its products overseas at the end of the 1950s. By 1962, when Revlon debuted in Japan, there were subsidiaries in France, Italy, Argentina, Mexico, and Asia. Revlon's entrance into the Japanese market was typical of its international sales strategy. Instead of adapting its ads and using Japanese models, Revlon chose to use its basic U.S. advertising and models. Japanese women loved the American look, and the sales for 1962 came to almost $164 million.
In 1968, Revlon introduced Eterna27, the first cosmetic cream with an estrogen precursor called Progenitin (pregenolone acetate), as well as introducing the world's first American fashion designer fragrance, Norman Norell. Later, Revlon launched Braggi and Pub for men, and a line of wig maintenance products called Wig Wonder.
In 1970, Revlon acquired the Mitchum line of deodorants. In 1971 Flex shampoo and conditioner was introduced.
In 1973, Revlon introduced Charlie. Geared to the under-30 market, Charlie model Shelley Hack in Ralph Lauren clothes, personified the independent woman of the 1970s. This was the first perfume ad to feature a woman wearing pants. Charlie raised Revlon's net sales figures to $506 million for 1973 and almost $606 million the following year. Shelley Hack appeared on Oprah in 2007 to talk about the power of these Charlie print and commercial ads. Their follow-up fragrance, Jontue, became the number two best seller.
In 1973, model Lauren Hutton signed an exclusive modeling contract, agreeing to pose for Revlon's Ultima line for $400,000 for two years. She was featured on the cover of Newsweek for this ground-breaking cosmetics contract.[4] Additionally, famed photographer Richard Avedon was signed on as the exclusive photographer for the brand - another cosmetics industry first.[5]
Michel Begerac control (1975-1985)[edit]
In 1975, Charles Revson died. Michel Bergerac, who Revson had hired as President of the company, continued to expand the company holdings. Revlon acquired Coburn Optical Industries, an Oklahoma-based manufacturer of ophthalmic and optical processing equipment and supplies. Barnes-Hind, the largest U.S. marketer of hard contact lens solutions, was bought in 1976 and strengthened Revlon's share of the eye-care market. Revlon purchased Armour Pharmaceutical Company, a division of Armour and Company, from The Greyhound Corporation in 1977. Other acquisitions included the Lewis-Howe Company, makers of Tums antacid in 1978. These health-care operations helped sales figures to pass the $1 billion mark in 1977, bringing total sales to $1.7 billion in 1979.
In the mid-1980s, Revlon lost ground to Estée Lauder. Estee Lauder spent millions of dollars on numerous magazine ads featuring Czech supermodel Paulina Porizkova, shot by famed Chicago fashion photographer Victor Skrebneski. Revlon's share dropped from 20 percent to 10 percent of department store cosmetics sales. Sales at the drugstore also declined as Revlon lost shares to Noxell's Cover Girl brand. Revlon compensated with more acquisitions; Max Factor, Ellen Betrix, Charles of the Ritz, Germaine Monteil, Almay, Fermodyl, Lancaster, Aziza, and Halston. The 1977 acquisition of Carlos Colomer, a Spanish professional beauty supply distributor, brought Fermodyl and Roux and helped introduce Revlon to the world of ethnic care: Creme of Nature, Realistic, Lovely Color and Milk and Honey. In 1983 the company attempted an unsuccessful hostile takeover of Gillette. In 1989, Revlon became one of the first companies to replace animal tests with alternative safety testing methods.[6]




Revlon counter in New Zealand department store Farmers


Ronald Perelman control (1985-present)[edit]
On November 5, 1985, at a price of $58 per share, totaling $2.7 billion, Revlon was sold to Pantry Pride (later renamed to Revlon Group, Inc.), a subsidiary of Ronald Perelman's MacAndrews & Forbes. The buyout—engineered with the help of junk bond king Michael P. Milken—saddled Revlon with a huge $2.9 billion debt load, which became an albatross around the company's neck for years to come. Pantry Pride Inc. offered to buy any or all of Revlon's 38.2 million outstanding shares for $47.5 a share when its street price stood at $45 a share. Initially rejected, he repeatedly raised his offer until it reached $53 a share while fighting Revlon's management every step of the way. Forstmann Little & Company swooped in at $56 a share, a brief public bidding war ensued, and Perelman triumphed with an offer of $58 a share. Perelman paid $1.8 billion to Revlon's shareholders, but he also paid $900 million of other costs associated with the purchase.[7] Perelman had Revlon sell four divisions: two for $1 billion, the vision care division for $574 million, and the National Health Laboratories division which became a publicly owned corporation in 1988. Additional make-up lines were purchased for Revlon: Max Factor in 1987 and Betrix in 1989, later sold to Procter & Gamble in 1991.[8] Also in 1991, Revlon sold the Clean & Clear brand to Johnson & Johnson.
In March 2011, Revlon acquired Mirage Cosmetics, makers of Sinful Colors nail products.[9]
In 2011, PETA removed Revlon and other high-profile cosmetic brands from its list of companies who do not test their products on animals after the organization learned they were paying Chinese laboratories to test their cosmetics on rabbits and other animals.[10]
In August 2013, Revlon Consumer Products Corp. bought the Colomer Group from CVC Capital Partners, a private equity firm, for $660 million.[11]
After suffering business loss in 2011 and 2012, at the end of 2013, Revlon announced that it will exit the Chinese market, which employs 1,100 people. The business in China accounted for just 2 percent portion of net sales of Revlon's international operations.[12]
On November 1, 2013, Revlon named Lorenzo Delpani as President and CEO [13]
On September 22, 2014, Revlon's board of directors elected Roberto Simon as executive vice president and chief financial officer, effective as of Sept. 30.[14]
Advertising[edit]




Tram with Revlon advertising in Hong Kong, June 2007


Up until the 1940s, Revlon's magazine ads were drawn by hand and mostly in black and white. Beginning in 1945, Revlon began launching full-color photographic advertisements in major magazines and stores across the country. Revlon introduced matching nail polish and lipsticks with exotic and unique names. These ads were taken by the top fashion photographers of the day including Richard Avedon, Cecil Beaton, and John Rawlings. Some of these ads were for "Paint the Town Pink" and 1945's "Fatal Apple" with Dorian Leigh. In 1947 Revlon introduced "Bachelor's Carnation" and in 1948, "Sweet Talk".
In 1950, Revlon introduced a red lipstick and nail enamel called "Where's the Fire?" Revlon used the word "fire" again later in their "Fire and Ice" ads. One of the world's first supermodels, Dorian Leigh, starred in some of Revlon's most memorable advertisements of all time. In 1946, Dorian was covered in purple flowers and wrapped in a pale purple sheet for "Ultra Violet." In 1947, Dorian appeared in "Fashion Plate." In 1953, at the age of 36, she appeared in "Cherries in the Snow." Later that year she appeared in the legendary "Fire and Ice" ad shot by Richard Avedon. Originally, Dorian appeared in a tight, silver-beaded dress with an enormous red wrap. Her black hair had a silver swirl in it and she had her hands, with long red nails, positioned in front of her breasts. Charles Revson rejected Avedon's original ad as "too sexual."[15] They re-shot the ad, this time with her open hand in front of one hip, the other in front of her cheek. The advertisement became Madison Avenue legend because of the full-page quiz next to the sensual ad. Almost 50 years later, in November 2010, Revlon re-created 1953's "Fire and Ice" magazine ad, this time with actress Jessica Biel. With this ad, Revlon announced they were issuing a limited edition Fire and Ice lipstick and nail color calling this campaign, "lips and tips."
Dorian Leigh's 15-years-younger red-headed sister, Suzy Parker, also shot numerous Revlon magazine ads in the 1950s. Charles Revson, who wanted to marry Dorian at some point, despised Suzy, and vice versa. At one point, he refused to hire her anymore because Suzy complained about the "peanut" paycheck she received from Revlon. Richard Avedon, however, after photographing other models for a particular Revlon ad, would call in Suzy last minute, sometimes late at night, to do re-takes with him. This happened with "Stormy Pink," an ad Suzy shot very late at night with a wild white horse in the ocean. Avedon would then tell Revson that it was not Suzy in the ad, but a model named "Bubbles" or another made-up name.[16]
In 1970, Revlon became the first American cosmetics company to feature an African American model, Naomi Sims, in their advertising.[17] Revlon was also noted for featuring models of a wide age range in the 1980s, including then 13-year-old Milla Jovovich and then 60-year-old Audrey Hepburn.[18] Despite the successful campaigns of the 1980s and 1990s featuring models, in particular Cindy Crawford, Revlon decided to drop fashion models and focus on movie stars, among them Kate Bosworth, Jaime King, Halle Berry, Susan Sarandon, Melanie Griffith, Julianne Moore, Eva Mendes, Jessica Alba, Jennifer Connelly, Beau Garrett, Jessica Biel, Olivia Wilde, Emma Stone and Bond girls.[19][20] In 2009, Australian supermodel Elle Macpherson became a new spokesmodel for the company. American actress Jessica Biel is the newest woman to model for the brand, first shown in advertisements in January 2010.[21] (Main article: List of Revlon spokesmodels) In 2008, celebrity makeup artist Gucci Westman was hired as Revlon's Global Artistic Director, representing the company at runway shows and brand events and designing collections.[22]
Philanthropy[edit]




Becky Gulsvig at Revlon Run/Walk for Cancer


Revlon is a corporate sponsor of several charity projects. The largest of these is the Revlon Run Walk, a run and walk event held in New York and Los Angeles to raise money and awareness for breast and ovarian cancer. Revlon also supports other cancer charities such as Look Good Feel Better and the National Breast Cancer Coalition and operates a mobile mammography clinic in and around Oxford, North Carolina, where the company's primary manufacturing operations are located.[23] In 1996 Revlon supported the development of a breast center at the University of California, Los Angeles. Renamed Revlon/UCLA Breast Center, the center is a well-known institute for treatment and research of breast cancer and other breast diseases and disorders.[24] A Revlon lip gloss shade whose proceeds support Revlon's cancer charities was also created in 2009.
In September 2010, Revlon, with global artistic director Gucci Westman and spokesmodel Halle Berry hosted an event at Fashion's Night Out in New York City to raise funds for the Jenesse Center, a Los Angeles organization for domestic violence victims.[25] Revlon also hosted luncheons and various other events to benefit the center and partnered with online retailer Drugstore.com to donate portions of lipstick sales to the organization.[26]
See also[edit]

List of Revlon spokesmodels

References[edit]

^ a b c "Financial Statements for Revlon - Morningstar". Morningstar.com. 2016-12-31. Retrieved 2017-03-08. 
^ a b "Financials for Revlon". Google Finance. 2016-12-31. Retrieved 2017-03-08. 
^ "Fortune 1000 page for Revlon". Fortune. 2016-12-31. Retrieved 2017-03-08. 
^ Model, by Michael Gross, 1995, page 212.
^ "Andrewtobias.com". Andrewtobias.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ McGill, Douglas C. (August 2, 1989). "Cosmetics Companies Quietly Ending Animal Tests". The New York Times. 
^ Stevenson, Richard (1985-11-05). "Pantry Pride Control of Revlon Board Seen Near". New York Times. p. D5. 
^ "MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc.". Funding Universe. Retrieved 2008-05-16. 
^ "Revlon Acquires Sinful Nail Brand". Women's Wear Daily. March 25, 2011. 
^ Hills, Suzannah (July 31, 2012). "L'Occitane and Yves Rocher: The big-name beauty brands among those ditching cruelty-free animal testing policies to sell their products to China". Daily Mail. Retrieved 28 January 2015. 
^ Young, Vicki M. "Revlon Acquires Colomer Group for $660 Million". WWD. Retrieved 6 August 2013. 
^ "Revlon to Exit Operations in China, Cut 1,100 Jobs". January 1, 2014. 
^ "Revlon Names Lorenzo Delpani President, CEO". October 31, 2013. 
^ "Revlon Inc announces election of Roberto Simon as executive vice president and chief financial officer - Form 8-K". September 23, 2014. 
^ The Girl Who Had Everything, The Story of 'The Fire and Ice Girl,' by Dorian Leigh and Laura Hobe, 1980, page 88.
^ The Girl Who Had Everything. The Story of the "Fire and Ice Girl," Dorian Leigh and Laura Hobe, 1980, page 89.
^ Tell Me More (2009-08-05). "Naomi Sims Showed The World That Black Is Beautiful". NPR. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "The Official Milla Jovovich Website :: Gallery - Revlon". MillaJ.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Stylenews.peoplestylwatch.com". Stylenews.peoplestylewatch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Stelenews.peoplestylwatch.com". Stylenews.peoplestylewatch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Marketing News". HAPPI. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Revlon Taps Gucci Westman - Beauty Industry and Products News". WWD.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Revlon Cares". Revlon.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "About Us". Revlon/UCLA Breast Center. 
^ "Revlon and Halle Berry Celebrate Fashion’s Night Out New York". Business Wire. 2010-09-14. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ Thomas, Bobbie (2009-12-15). "Shop for change! Top gifts that give back - Holiday Guide - TODAY.com". Today.msnbc.msn.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 

External links[edit]

Official website
Revlon, Inc. Company Profile, Yahoo!
Company History
About Revlon Inc. in French / Au sujet de la Cie Revlon
Revlon sales lifted by good duty-free performance
Seeing Red: Revlon and Me: A Memoir







v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History












v
t
e


Revlon Inc.



Current brands



Revlon
Almay
Charlie
Institut Jeanne Gatineau
Mitchum
Ultima II





Defunct brands



Charles of the Ritz
Electric Youth
Natural Wonder





Former brands,
under new ownership



Clean & Clear
Esquire Shoe Polish
Germaine Monteil
Halston fragrances
Max Factor
Princess Marcella Borghese












v
t
e


MacAndrews & Forbes



Subsidiaries



Deluxe Entertainment Services Group Inc.
M&F Worldwide
Revlon
Scantron Corporation
Scientific Games Corporation
Merisant





Related



Ronald Perelman
Revlon v. MacAndrews & Forbes










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Revlon&oldid=788676360"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeManufacturing companies established in 1932Cosmetics companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies based in New York CityHistory of cosmeticsPerfume housesPersonal care brandsPrivate equity portfolio companiesRevlonNail polishHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעברית日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăSuomiSvenskaTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 20:45.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Revlon - Wikipedia





















 






Revlon

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Revlon





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: REV


Industry
Cosmetics, skin care, fragrances and personal care


Founded
1932


Founder
Joseph & Charles Revson
Charles Lachman


Headquarters
One New York Plaza
New York, NY 10004
U.S.



Key people

Fabian Garcia (CEO)


Revenue
 $2.334 Billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 $0.138 Billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 $-0.022 Billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 $3.024 Billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 $-0.615 Billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

5,700 (2016)[3]


Parent
MacAndrews & Forbes: 60% (74% of votes)
Fidelity Investments: 20%


Website
www.revlon.com


Revlon, Inc. is an American multinational cosmetics, skin care, fragrance, and personal care company founded in 1932 and based in New York City.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and Charles Revson control (1932-1975)
1.2 Michel Begerac control (1975-1985)
1.3 Ronald Perelman control (1985-present)


2 Advertising
3 Philanthropy
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Founding and Charles Revson control (1932-1975)[edit]
Revlon was founded in the midst of the Great Depression, 1932, by Charles Revson and his brother Joseph along with a chemist, Charles Lachman, who contributed the "L" in the Revlon name. Starting with a single product — a new type of nail enamel — the three founders pooled their resources and developed a unique manufacturing process. Using pigments instead of dyes, Revlon developed a variety of new shades of opaque nail enamel. In 1937, Revlon started selling the polishes in department stores and drug stores. In six years, the company became a multimillion-dollar organization. By 1940, Revlon offered an entire manicure line, and added lipstick to the collection. During World War II, Revlon created makeup and related products for the U.S. Army, which was honored in 1944 with the Army-Navy "E" Award for Excellence.
By the end of the war, Revlon was listed as one of America's top five cosmetic houses. Expanding its capabilities, the company bought Graef & Schmidt, a cutlery manufacturer seized by the government in 1943 because of German business ties. This acquisition made it possible for Revlon to produce its own manicure and pedicure instruments, instead of buying them from outside supply sources.
In November 1955, Revlon went public. The IPO price was $12 per share, but it reached $30 per share within 8 weeks.
In the 1960s, Revson segmented Revlon Inc into different divisions, each focusing on a different market. He borrowed this strategy from General Motors. Each division had its own target customer:

Revlon, the largest and most popular-priced brand
Princess Marcella Borghese, upscale/international
Ultima II, premium
Natural Wonder, juniors
Moon Drops, dry skin
Etherea, hypo-allergenic

In 1957, Revlon acquired Knomark, a shoe-polish company, and sold its shoe-polish line Esquire Shoe Polish in 1969. Other acquisitions, such as Ty-D-Bol, the maker of toilet cleansers, and a 27 percent interest in the Schick electric shaver company were soon discarded. Evan Picone, a women's sportswear manufacturer which came with a price tag of $12 million in 1962, was sold back to one of the original partners four years later for $1 million. However, the 1967 acquisition of U.S. Vitamin and Pharmaceutical Corporation made Revlon a leader in diabetes drugs.
The company began to market its products overseas at the end of the 1950s. By 1962, when Revlon debuted in Japan, there were subsidiaries in France, Italy, Argentina, Mexico, and Asia. Revlon's entrance into the Japanese market was typical of its international sales strategy. Instead of adapting its ads and using Japanese models, Revlon chose to use its basic U.S. advertising and models. Japanese women loved the American look, and the sales for 1962 came to almost $164 million.
In 1968, Revlon introduced Eterna27, the first cosmetic cream with an estrogen precursor called Progenitin (pregenolone acetate), as well as introducing the world's first American fashion designer fragrance, Norman Norell. Later, Revlon launched Braggi and Pub for men, and a line of wig maintenance products called Wig Wonder.
In 1970, Revlon acquired the Mitchum line of deodorants. In 1971 Flex shampoo and conditioner was introduced.
In 1973, Revlon introduced Charlie. Geared to the under-30 market, Charlie model Shelley Hack in Ralph Lauren clothes, personified the independent woman of the 1970s. This was the first perfume ad to feature a woman wearing pants. Charlie raised Revlon's net sales figures to $506 million for 1973 and almost $606 million the following year. Shelley Hack appeared on Oprah in 2007 to talk about the power of these Charlie print and commercial ads. Their follow-up fragrance, Jontue, became the number two best seller.
In 1973, model Lauren Hutton signed an exclusive modeling contract, agreeing to pose for Revlon's Ultima line for $400,000 for two years. She was featured on the cover of Newsweek for this ground-breaking cosmetics contract.[4] Additionally, famed photographer Richard Avedon was signed on as the exclusive photographer for the brand - another cosmetics industry first.[5]
Michel Begerac control (1975-1985)[edit]
In 1975, Charles Revson died. Michel Bergerac, who Revson had hired as President of the company, continued to expand the company holdings. Revlon acquired Coburn Optical Industries, an Oklahoma-based manufacturer of ophthalmic and optical processing equipment and supplies. Barnes-Hind, the largest U.S. marketer of hard contact lens solutions, was bought in 1976 and strengthened Revlon's share of the eye-care market. Revlon purchased Armour Pharmaceutical Company, a division of Armour and Company, from The Greyhound Corporation in 1977. Other acquisitions included the Lewis-Howe Company, makers of Tums antacid in 1978. These health-care operations helped sales figures to pass the $1 billion mark in 1977, bringing total sales to $1.7 billion in 1979.
In the mid-1980s, Revlon lost ground to Estée Lauder. Estee Lauder spent millions of dollars on numerous magazine ads featuring Czech supermodel Paulina Porizkova, shot by famed Chicago fashion photographer Victor Skrebneski. Revlon's share dropped from 20 percent to 10 percent of department store cosmetics sales. Sales at the drugstore also declined as Revlon lost shares to Noxell's Cover Girl brand. Revlon compensated with more acquisitions; Max Factor, Ellen Betrix, Charles of the Ritz, Germaine Monteil, Almay, Fermodyl, Lancaster, Aziza, and Halston. The 1977 acquisition of Carlos Colomer, a Spanish professional beauty supply distributor, brought Fermodyl and Roux and helped introduce Revlon to the world of ethnic care: Creme of Nature, Realistic, Lovely Color and Milk and Honey. In 1983 the company attempted an unsuccessful hostile takeover of Gillette. In 1989, Revlon became one of the first companies to replace animal tests with alternative safety testing methods.[6]




Revlon counter in New Zealand department store Farmers


Ronald Perelman control (1985-present)[edit]
On November 5, 1985, at a price of $58 per share, totaling $2.7 billion, Revlon was sold to Pantry Pride (later renamed to Revlon Group, Inc.), a subsidiary of Ronald Perelman's MacAndrews & Forbes. The buyout—engineered with the help of junk bond king Michael P. Milken—saddled Revlon with a huge $2.9 billion debt load, which became an albatross around the company's neck for years to come. Pantry Pride Inc. offered to buy any or all of Revlon's 38.2 million outstanding shares for $47.5 a share when its street price stood at $45 a share. Initially rejected, he repeatedly raised his offer until it reached $53 a share while fighting Revlon's management every step of the way. Forstmann Little & Company swooped in at $56 a share, a brief public bidding war ensued, and Perelman triumphed with an offer of $58 a share. Perelman paid $1.8 billion to Revlon's shareholders, but he also paid $900 million of other costs associated with the purchase.[7] Perelman had Revlon sell four divisions: two for $1 billion, the vision care division for $574 million, and the National Health Laboratories division which became a publicly owned corporation in 1988. Additional make-up lines were purchased for Revlon: Max Factor in 1987 and Betrix in 1989, later sold to Procter & Gamble in 1991.[8] Also in 1991, Revlon sold the Clean & Clear brand to Johnson & Johnson.
In March 2011, Revlon acquired Mirage Cosmetics, makers of Sinful Colors nail products.[9]
In 2011, PETA removed Revlon and other high-profile cosmetic brands from its list of companies who do not test their products on animals after the organization learned they were paying Chinese laboratories to test their cosmetics on rabbits and other animals.[10]
In August 2013, Revlon Consumer Products Corp. bought the Colomer Group from CVC Capital Partners, a private equity firm, for $660 million.[11]
After suffering business loss in 2011 and 2012, at the end of 2013, Revlon announced that it will exit the Chinese market, which employs 1,100 people. The business in China accounted for just 2 percent portion of net sales of Revlon's international operations.[12]
On November 1, 2013, Revlon named Lorenzo Delpani as President and CEO [13]
On September 22, 2014, Revlon's board of directors elected Roberto Simon as executive vice president and chief financial officer, effective as of Sept. 30.[14]
Advertising[edit]




Tram with Revlon advertising in Hong Kong, June 2007


Up until the 1940s, Revlon's magazine ads were drawn by hand and mostly in black and white. Beginning in 1945, Revlon began launching full-color photographic advertisements in major magazines and stores across the country. Revlon introduced matching nail polish and lipsticks with exotic and unique names. These ads were taken by the top fashion photographers of the day including Richard Avedon, Cecil Beaton, and John Rawlings. Some of these ads were for "Paint the Town Pink" and 1945's "Fatal Apple" with Dorian Leigh. In 1947 Revlon introduced "Bachelor's Carnation" and in 1948, "Sweet Talk".
In 1950, Revlon introduced a red lipstick and nail enamel called "Where's the Fire?" Revlon used the word "fire" again later in their "Fire and Ice" ads. One of the world's first supermodels, Dorian Leigh, starred in some of Revlon's most memorable advertisements of all time. In 1946, Dorian was covered in purple flowers and wrapped in a pale purple sheet for "Ultra Violet." In 1947, Dorian appeared in "Fashion Plate." In 1953, at the age of 36, she appeared in "Cherries in the Snow." Later that year she appeared in the legendary "Fire and Ice" ad shot by Richard Avedon. Originally, Dorian appeared in a tight, silver-beaded dress with an enormous red wrap. Her black hair had a silver swirl in it and she had her hands, with long red nails, positioned in front of her breasts. Charles Revson rejected Avedon's original ad as "too sexual."[15] They re-shot the ad, this time with her open hand in front of one hip, the other in front of her cheek. The advertisement became Madison Avenue legend because of the full-page quiz next to the sensual ad. Almost 50 years later, in November 2010, Revlon re-created 1953's "Fire and Ice" magazine ad, this time with actress Jessica Biel. With this ad, Revlon announced they were issuing a limited edition Fire and Ice lipstick and nail color calling this campaign, "lips and tips."
Dorian Leigh's 15-years-younger red-headed sister, Suzy Parker, also shot numerous Revlon magazine ads in the 1950s. Charles Revson, who wanted to marry Dorian at some point, despised Suzy, and vice versa. At one point, he refused to hire her anymore because Suzy complained about the "peanut" paycheck she received from Revlon. Richard Avedon, however, after photographing other models for a particular Revlon ad, would call in Suzy last minute, sometimes late at night, to do re-takes with him. This happened with "Stormy Pink," an ad Suzy shot very late at night with a wild white horse in the ocean. Avedon would then tell Revson that it was not Suzy in the ad, but a model named "Bubbles" or another made-up name.[16]
In 1970, Revlon became the first American cosmetics company to feature an African American model, Naomi Sims, in their advertising.[17] Revlon was also noted for featuring models of a wide age range in the 1980s, including then 13-year-old Milla Jovovich and then 60-year-old Audrey Hepburn.[18] Despite the successful campaigns of the 1980s and 1990s featuring models, in particular Cindy Crawford, Revlon decided to drop fashion models and focus on movie stars, among them Kate Bosworth, Jaime King, Halle Berry, Susan Sarandon, Melanie Griffith, Julianne Moore, Eva Mendes, Jessica Alba, Jennifer Connelly, Beau Garrett, Jessica Biel, Olivia Wilde, Emma Stone and Bond girls.[19][20] In 2009, Australian supermodel Elle Macpherson became a new spokesmodel for the company. American actress Jessica Biel is the newest woman to model for the brand, first shown in advertisements in January 2010.[21] (Main article: List of Revlon spokesmodels) In 2008, celebrity makeup artist Gucci Westman was hired as Revlon's Global Artistic Director, representing the company at runway shows and brand events and designing collections.[22]
Philanthropy[edit]




Becky Gulsvig at Revlon Run/Walk for Cancer


Revlon is a corporate sponsor of several charity projects. The largest of these is the Revlon Run Walk, a run and walk event held in New York and Los Angeles to raise money and awareness for breast and ovarian cancer. Revlon also supports other cancer charities such as Look Good Feel Better and the National Breast Cancer Coalition and operates a mobile mammography clinic in and around Oxford, North Carolina, where the company's primary manufacturing operations are located.[23] In 1996 Revlon supported the development of a breast center at the University of California, Los Angeles. Renamed Revlon/UCLA Breast Center, the center is a well-known institute for treatment and research of breast cancer and other breast diseases and disorders.[24] A Revlon lip gloss shade whose proceeds support Revlon's cancer charities was also created in 2009.
In September 2010, Revlon, with global artistic director Gucci Westman and spokesmodel Halle Berry hosted an event at Fashion's Night Out in New York City to raise funds for the Jenesse Center, a Los Angeles organization for domestic violence victims.[25] Revlon also hosted luncheons and various other events to benefit the center and partnered with online retailer Drugstore.com to donate portions of lipstick sales to the organization.[26]
See also[edit]

List of Revlon spokesmodels

References[edit]

^ a b c "Financial Statements for Revlon - Morningstar". Morningstar.com. 2016-12-31. Retrieved 2017-03-08. 
^ a b "Financials for Revlon". Google Finance. 2016-12-31. Retrieved 2017-03-08. 
^ "Fortune 1000 page for Revlon". Fortune. 2016-12-31. Retrieved 2017-03-08. 
^ Model, by Michael Gross, 1995, page 212.
^ "Andrewtobias.com". Andrewtobias.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ McGill, Douglas C. (August 2, 1989). "Cosmetics Companies Quietly Ending Animal Tests". The New York Times. 
^ Stevenson, Richard (1985-11-05). "Pantry Pride Control of Revlon Board Seen Near". New York Times. p. D5. 
^ "MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc.". Funding Universe. Retrieved 2008-05-16. 
^ "Revlon Acquires Sinful Nail Brand". Women's Wear Daily. March 25, 2011. 
^ Hills, Suzannah (July 31, 2012). "L'Occitane and Yves Rocher: The big-name beauty brands among those ditching cruelty-free animal testing policies to sell their products to China". Daily Mail. Retrieved 28 January 2015. 
^ Young, Vicki M. "Revlon Acquires Colomer Group for $660 Million". WWD. Retrieved 6 August 2013. 
^ "Revlon to Exit Operations in China, Cut 1,100 Jobs". January 1, 2014. 
^ "Revlon Names Lorenzo Delpani President, CEO". October 31, 2013. 
^ "Revlon Inc announces election of Roberto Simon as executive vice president and chief financial officer - Form 8-K". September 23, 2014. 
^ The Girl Who Had Everything, The Story of 'The Fire and Ice Girl,' by Dorian Leigh and Laura Hobe, 1980, page 88.
^ The Girl Who Had Everything. The Story of the "Fire and Ice Girl," Dorian Leigh and Laura Hobe, 1980, page 89.
^ Tell Me More (2009-08-05). "Naomi Sims Showed The World That Black Is Beautiful". NPR. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "The Official Milla Jovovich Website :: Gallery - Revlon". MillaJ.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Stylenews.peoplestylwatch.com". Stylenews.peoplestylewatch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Stelenews.peoplestylwatch.com". Stylenews.peoplestylewatch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Marketing News". HAPPI. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Revlon Taps Gucci Westman - Beauty Industry and Products News". WWD.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Revlon Cares". Revlon.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "About Us". Revlon/UCLA Breast Center. 
^ "Revlon and Halle Berry Celebrate Fashion’s Night Out New York". Business Wire. 2010-09-14. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ Thomas, Bobbie (2009-12-15). "Shop for change! Top gifts that give back - Holiday Guide - TODAY.com". Today.msnbc.msn.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 

External links[edit]

Official website
Revlon, Inc. Company Profile, Yahoo!
Company History
About Revlon Inc. in French / Au sujet de la Cie Revlon
Revlon sales lifted by good duty-free performance
Seeing Red: Revlon and Me: A Memoir







v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History












v
t
e


Revlon Inc.



Current brands



Revlon
Almay
Charlie
Institut Jeanne Gatineau
Mitchum
Ultima II





Defunct brands



Charles of the Ritz
Electric Youth
Natural Wonder





Former brands,
under new ownership



Clean & Clear
Esquire Shoe Polish
Germaine Monteil
Halston fragrances
Max Factor
Princess Marcella Borghese












v
t
e


MacAndrews & Forbes



Subsidiaries



Deluxe Entertainment Services Group Inc.
M&F Worldwide
Revlon
Scantron Corporation
Scientific Games Corporation
Merisant





Related



Ronald Perelman
Revlon v. MacAndrews & Forbes










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Revlon&oldid=788676360"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeManufacturing companies established in 1932Cosmetics companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies based in New York CityHistory of cosmeticsPerfume housesPersonal care brandsPrivate equity portfolio companiesRevlonNail polishHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעברית日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăSuomiSvenskaTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 20:45.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Revlon - Wikipedia





















 






Revlon

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Revlon





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: REV


Industry
Cosmetics, skin care, fragrances and personal care


Founded
1932


Founder
Joseph & Charles Revson
Charles Lachman


Headquarters
One New York Plaza
New York, NY 10004
U.S.



Key people

Fabian Garcia (CEO)


Revenue
 $2.334 Billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 $0.138 Billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 $-0.022 Billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 $3.024 Billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 $-0.615 Billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

5,700 (2016)[3]


Parent
MacAndrews & Forbes: 60% (74% of votes)
Fidelity Investments: 20%


Website
www.revlon.com


Revlon, Inc. is an American multinational cosmetics, skin care, fragrance, and personal care company founded in 1932 and based in New York City.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and Charles Revson control (1932-1975)
1.2 Michel Begerac control (1975-1985)
1.3 Ronald Perelman control (1985-present)


2 Advertising
3 Philanthropy
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Founding and Charles Revson control (1932-1975)[edit]
Revlon was founded in the midst of the Great Depression, 1932, by Charles Revson and his brother Joseph along with a chemist, Charles Lachman, who contributed the "L" in the Revlon name. Starting with a single product — a new type of nail enamel — the three founders pooled their resources and developed a unique manufacturing process. Using pigments instead of dyes, Revlon developed a variety of new shades of opaque nail enamel. In 1937, Revlon started selling the polishes in department stores and drug stores. In six years, the company became a multimillion-dollar organization. By 1940, Revlon offered an entire manicure line, and added lipstick to the collection. During World War II, Revlon created makeup and related products for the U.S. Army, which was honored in 1944 with the Army-Navy "E" Award for Excellence.
By the end of the war, Revlon was listed as one of America's top five cosmetic houses. Expanding its capabilities, the company bought Graef & Schmidt, a cutlery manufacturer seized by the government in 1943 because of German business ties. This acquisition made it possible for Revlon to produce its own manicure and pedicure instruments, instead of buying them from outside supply sources.
In November 1955, Revlon went public. The IPO price was $12 per share, but it reached $30 per share within 8 weeks.
In the 1960s, Revson segmented Revlon Inc into different divisions, each focusing on a different market. He borrowed this strategy from General Motors. Each division had its own target customer:

Revlon, the largest and most popular-priced brand
Princess Marcella Borghese, upscale/international
Ultima II, premium
Natural Wonder, juniors
Moon Drops, dry skin
Etherea, hypo-allergenic

In 1957, Revlon acquired Knomark, a shoe-polish company, and sold its shoe-polish line Esquire Shoe Polish in 1969. Other acquisitions, such as Ty-D-Bol, the maker of toilet cleansers, and a 27 percent interest in the Schick electric shaver company were soon discarded. Evan Picone, a women's sportswear manufacturer which came with a price tag of $12 million in 1962, was sold back to one of the original partners four years later for $1 million. However, the 1967 acquisition of U.S. Vitamin and Pharmaceutical Corporation made Revlon a leader in diabetes drugs.
The company began to market its products overseas at the end of the 1950s. By 1962, when Revlon debuted in Japan, there were subsidiaries in France, Italy, Argentina, Mexico, and Asia. Revlon's entrance into the Japanese market was typical of its international sales strategy. Instead of adapting its ads and using Japanese models, Revlon chose to use its basic U.S. advertising and models. Japanese women loved the American look, and the sales for 1962 came to almost $164 million.
In 1968, Revlon introduced Eterna27, the first cosmetic cream with an estrogen precursor called Progenitin (pregenolone acetate), as well as introducing the world's first American fashion designer fragrance, Norman Norell. Later, Revlon launched Braggi and Pub for men, and a line of wig maintenance products called Wig Wonder.
In 1970, Revlon acquired the Mitchum line of deodorants. In 1971 Flex shampoo and conditioner was introduced.
In 1973, Revlon introduced Charlie. Geared to the under-30 market, Charlie model Shelley Hack in Ralph Lauren clothes, personified the independent woman of the 1970s. This was the first perfume ad to feature a woman wearing pants. Charlie raised Revlon's net sales figures to $506 million for 1973 and almost $606 million the following year. Shelley Hack appeared on Oprah in 2007 to talk about the power of these Charlie print and commercial ads. Their follow-up fragrance, Jontue, became the number two best seller.
In 1973, model Lauren Hutton signed an exclusive modeling contract, agreeing to pose for Revlon's Ultima line for $400,000 for two years. She was featured on the cover of Newsweek for this ground-breaking cosmetics contract.[4] Additionally, famed photographer Richard Avedon was signed on as the exclusive photographer for the brand - another cosmetics industry first.[5]
Michel Begerac control (1975-1985)[edit]
In 1975, Charles Revson died. Michel Bergerac, who Revson had hired as President of the company, continued to expand the company holdings. Revlon acquired Coburn Optical Industries, an Oklahoma-based manufacturer of ophthalmic and optical processing equipment and supplies. Barnes-Hind, the largest U.S. marketer of hard contact lens solutions, was bought in 1976 and strengthened Revlon's share of the eye-care market. Revlon purchased Armour Pharmaceutical Company, a division of Armour and Company, from The Greyhound Corporation in 1977. Other acquisitions included the Lewis-Howe Company, makers of Tums antacid in 1978. These health-care operations helped sales figures to pass the $1 billion mark in 1977, bringing total sales to $1.7 billion in 1979.
In the mid-1980s, Revlon lost ground to Estée Lauder. Estee Lauder spent millions of dollars on numerous magazine ads featuring Czech supermodel Paulina Porizkova, shot by famed Chicago fashion photographer Victor Skrebneski. Revlon's share dropped from 20 percent to 10 percent of department store cosmetics sales. Sales at the drugstore also declined as Revlon lost shares to Noxell's Cover Girl brand. Revlon compensated with more acquisitions; Max Factor, Ellen Betrix, Charles of the Ritz, Germaine Monteil, Almay, Fermodyl, Lancaster, Aziza, and Halston. The 1977 acquisition of Carlos Colomer, a Spanish professional beauty supply distributor, brought Fermodyl and Roux and helped introduce Revlon to the world of ethnic care: Creme of Nature, Realistic, Lovely Color and Milk and Honey. In 1983 the company attempted an unsuccessful hostile takeover of Gillette. In 1989, Revlon became one of the first companies to replace animal tests with alternative safety testing methods.[6]




Revlon counter in New Zealand department store Farmers


Ronald Perelman control (1985-present)[edit]
On November 5, 1985, at a price of $58 per share, totaling $2.7 billion, Revlon was sold to Pantry Pride (later renamed to Revlon Group, Inc.), a subsidiary of Ronald Perelman's MacAndrews & Forbes. The buyout—engineered with the help of junk bond king Michael P. Milken—saddled Revlon with a huge $2.9 billion debt load, which became an albatross around the company's neck for years to come. Pantry Pride Inc. offered to buy any or all of Revlon's 38.2 million outstanding shares for $47.5 a share when its street price stood at $45 a share. Initially rejected, he repeatedly raised his offer until it reached $53 a share while fighting Revlon's management every step of the way. Forstmann Little & Company swooped in at $56 a share, a brief public bidding war ensued, and Perelman triumphed with an offer of $58 a share. Perelman paid $1.8 billion to Revlon's shareholders, but he also paid $900 million of other costs associated with the purchase.[7] Perelman had Revlon sell four divisions: two for $1 billion, the vision care division for $574 million, and the National Health Laboratories division which became a publicly owned corporation in 1988. Additional make-up lines were purchased for Revlon: Max Factor in 1987 and Betrix in 1989, later sold to Procter & Gamble in 1991.[8] Also in 1991, Revlon sold the Clean & Clear brand to Johnson & Johnson.
In March 2011, Revlon acquired Mirage Cosmetics, makers of Sinful Colors nail products.[9]
In 2011, PETA removed Revlon and other high-profile cosmetic brands from its list of companies who do not test their products on animals after the organization learned they were paying Chinese laboratories to test their cosmetics on rabbits and other animals.[10]
In August 2013, Revlon Consumer Products Corp. bought the Colomer Group from CVC Capital Partners, a private equity firm, for $660 million.[11]
After suffering business loss in 2011 and 2012, at the end of 2013, Revlon announced that it will exit the Chinese market, which employs 1,100 people. The business in China accounted for just 2 percent portion of net sales of Revlon's international operations.[12]
On November 1, 2013, Revlon named Lorenzo Delpani as President and CEO [13]
On September 22, 2014, Revlon's board of directors elected Roberto Simon as executive vice president and chief financial officer, effective as of Sept. 30.[14]
Advertising[edit]




Tram with Revlon advertising in Hong Kong, June 2007


Up until the 1940s, Revlon's magazine ads were drawn by hand and mostly in black and white. Beginning in 1945, Revlon began launching full-color photographic advertisements in major magazines and stores across the country. Revlon introduced matching nail polish and lipsticks with exotic and unique names. These ads were taken by the top fashion photographers of the day including Richard Avedon, Cecil Beaton, and John Rawlings. Some of these ads were for "Paint the Town Pink" and 1945's "Fatal Apple" with Dorian Leigh. In 1947 Revlon introduced "Bachelor's Carnation" and in 1948, "Sweet Talk".
In 1950, Revlon introduced a red lipstick and nail enamel called "Where's the Fire?" Revlon used the word "fire" again later in their "Fire and Ice" ads. One of the world's first supermodels, Dorian Leigh, starred in some of Revlon's most memorable advertisements of all time. In 1946, Dorian was covered in purple flowers and wrapped in a pale purple sheet for "Ultra Violet." In 1947, Dorian appeared in "Fashion Plate." In 1953, at the age of 36, she appeared in "Cherries in the Snow." Later that year she appeared in the legendary "Fire and Ice" ad shot by Richard Avedon. Originally, Dorian appeared in a tight, silver-beaded dress with an enormous red wrap. Her black hair had a silver swirl in it and she had her hands, with long red nails, positioned in front of her breasts. Charles Revson rejected Avedon's original ad as "too sexual."[15] They re-shot the ad, this time with her open hand in front of one hip, the other in front of her cheek. The advertisement became Madison Avenue legend because of the full-page quiz next to the sensual ad. Almost 50 years later, in November 2010, Revlon re-created 1953's "Fire and Ice" magazine ad, this time with actress Jessica Biel. With this ad, Revlon announced they were issuing a limited edition Fire and Ice lipstick and nail color calling this campaign, "lips and tips."
Dorian Leigh's 15-years-younger red-headed sister, Suzy Parker, also shot numerous Revlon magazine ads in the 1950s. Charles Revson, who wanted to marry Dorian at some point, despised Suzy, and vice versa. At one point, he refused to hire her anymore because Suzy complained about the "peanut" paycheck she received from Revlon. Richard Avedon, however, after photographing other models for a particular Revlon ad, would call in Suzy last minute, sometimes late at night, to do re-takes with him. This happened with "Stormy Pink," an ad Suzy shot very late at night with a wild white horse in the ocean. Avedon would then tell Revson that it was not Suzy in the ad, but a model named "Bubbles" or another made-up name.[16]
In 1970, Revlon became the first American cosmetics company to feature an African American model, Naomi Sims, in their advertising.[17] Revlon was also noted for featuring models of a wide age range in the 1980s, including then 13-year-old Milla Jovovich and then 60-year-old Audrey Hepburn.[18] Despite the successful campaigns of the 1980s and 1990s featuring models, in particular Cindy Crawford, Revlon decided to drop fashion models and focus on movie stars, among them Kate Bosworth, Jaime King, Halle Berry, Susan Sarandon, Melanie Griffith, Julianne Moore, Eva Mendes, Jessica Alba, Jennifer Connelly, Beau Garrett, Jessica Biel, Olivia Wilde, Emma Stone and Bond girls.[19][20] In 2009, Australian supermodel Elle Macpherson became a new spokesmodel for the company. American actress Jessica Biel is the newest woman to model for the brand, first shown in advertisements in January 2010.[21] (Main article: List of Revlon spokesmodels) In 2008, celebrity makeup artist Gucci Westman was hired as Revlon's Global Artistic Director, representing the company at runway shows and brand events and designing collections.[22]
Philanthropy[edit]




Becky Gulsvig at Revlon Run/Walk for Cancer


Revlon is a corporate sponsor of several charity projects. The largest of these is the Revlon Run Walk, a run and walk event held in New York and Los Angeles to raise money and awareness for breast and ovarian cancer. Revlon also supports other cancer charities such as Look Good Feel Better and the National Breast Cancer Coalition and operates a mobile mammography clinic in and around Oxford, North Carolina, where the company's primary manufacturing operations are located.[23] In 1996 Revlon supported the development of a breast center at the University of California, Los Angeles. Renamed Revlon/UCLA Breast Center, the center is a well-known institute for treatment and research of breast cancer and other breast diseases and disorders.[24] A Revlon lip gloss shade whose proceeds support Revlon's cancer charities was also created in 2009.
In September 2010, Revlon, with global artistic director Gucci Westman and spokesmodel Halle Berry hosted an event at Fashion's Night Out in New York City to raise funds for the Jenesse Center, a Los Angeles organization for domestic violence victims.[25] Revlon also hosted luncheons and various other events to benefit the center and partnered with online retailer Drugstore.com to donate portions of lipstick sales to the organization.[26]
See also[edit]

List of Revlon spokesmodels

References[edit]

^ a b c "Financial Statements for Revlon - Morningstar". Morningstar.com. 2016-12-31. Retrieved 2017-03-08. 
^ a b "Financials for Revlon". Google Finance. 2016-12-31. Retrieved 2017-03-08. 
^ "Fortune 1000 page for Revlon". Fortune. 2016-12-31. Retrieved 2017-03-08. 
^ Model, by Michael Gross, 1995, page 212.
^ "Andrewtobias.com". Andrewtobias.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ McGill, Douglas C. (August 2, 1989). "Cosmetics Companies Quietly Ending Animal Tests". The New York Times. 
^ Stevenson, Richard (1985-11-05). "Pantry Pride Control of Revlon Board Seen Near". New York Times. p. D5. 
^ "MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc.". Funding Universe. Retrieved 2008-05-16. 
^ "Revlon Acquires Sinful Nail Brand". Women's Wear Daily. March 25, 2011. 
^ Hills, Suzannah (July 31, 2012). "L'Occitane and Yves Rocher: The big-name beauty brands among those ditching cruelty-free animal testing policies to sell their products to China". Daily Mail. Retrieved 28 January 2015. 
^ Young, Vicki M. "Revlon Acquires Colomer Group for $660 Million". WWD. Retrieved 6 August 2013. 
^ "Revlon to Exit Operations in China, Cut 1,100 Jobs". January 1, 2014. 
^ "Revlon Names Lorenzo Delpani President, CEO". October 31, 2013. 
^ "Revlon Inc announces election of Roberto Simon as executive vice president and chief financial officer - Form 8-K". September 23, 2014. 
^ The Girl Who Had Everything, The Story of 'The Fire and Ice Girl,' by Dorian Leigh and Laura Hobe, 1980, page 88.
^ The Girl Who Had Everything. The Story of the "Fire and Ice Girl," Dorian Leigh and Laura Hobe, 1980, page 89.
^ Tell Me More (2009-08-05). "Naomi Sims Showed The World That Black Is Beautiful". NPR. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "The Official Milla Jovovich Website :: Gallery - Revlon". MillaJ.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Stylenews.peoplestylwatch.com". Stylenews.peoplestylewatch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Stelenews.peoplestylwatch.com". Stylenews.peoplestylewatch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Marketing News". HAPPI. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Revlon Taps Gucci Westman - Beauty Industry and Products News". WWD.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Revlon Cares". Revlon.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "About Us". Revlon/UCLA Breast Center. 
^ "Revlon and Halle Berry Celebrate Fashion’s Night Out New York". Business Wire. 2010-09-14. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ Thomas, Bobbie (2009-12-15). "Shop for change! Top gifts that give back - Holiday Guide - TODAY.com". Today.msnbc.msn.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 

External links[edit]

Official website
Revlon, Inc. Company Profile, Yahoo!
Company History
About Revlon Inc. in French / Au sujet de la Cie Revlon
Revlon sales lifted by good duty-free performance
Seeing Red: Revlon and Me: A Memoir







v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History












v
t
e


Revlon Inc.



Current brands



Revlon
Almay
Charlie
Institut Jeanne Gatineau
Mitchum
Ultima II





Defunct brands



Charles of the Ritz
Electric Youth
Natural Wonder





Former brands,
under new ownership



Clean & Clear
Esquire Shoe Polish
Germaine Monteil
Halston fragrances
Max Factor
Princess Marcella Borghese












v
t
e


MacAndrews & Forbes



Subsidiaries



Deluxe Entertainment Services Group Inc.
M&F Worldwide
Revlon
Scantron Corporation
Scientific Games Corporation
Merisant





Related



Ronald Perelman
Revlon v. MacAndrews & Forbes










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Revlon&oldid=788676360"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeManufacturing companies established in 1932Cosmetics companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies based in New York CityHistory of cosmeticsPerfume housesPersonal care brandsPrivate equity portfolio companiesRevlonNail polishHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעברית日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăSuomiSvenskaTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 20:45.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Revlon - Wikipedia





















 






Revlon

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Revlon





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: REV


Industry
Cosmetics, skin care, fragrances and personal care


Founded
1932


Founder
Joseph & Charles Revson
Charles Lachman


Headquarters
One New York Plaza
New York, NY 10004
U.S.



Key people

Fabian Garcia (CEO)


Revenue
 $2.334 Billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 $0.138 Billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 $-0.022 Billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 $3.024 Billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 $-0.615 Billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

5,700 (2016)[3]


Parent
MacAndrews & Forbes: 60% (74% of votes)
Fidelity Investments: 20%


Website
www.revlon.com


Revlon, Inc. is an American multinational cosmetics, skin care, fragrance, and personal care company founded in 1932 and based in New York City.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and Charles Revson control (1932-1975)
1.2 Michel Begerac control (1975-1985)
1.3 Ronald Perelman control (1985-present)


2 Advertising
3 Philanthropy
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Founding and Charles Revson control (1932-1975)[edit]
Revlon was founded in the midst of the Great Depression, 1932, by Charles Revson and his brother Joseph along with a chemist, Charles Lachman, who contributed the "L" in the Revlon name. Starting with a single product — a new type of nail enamel — the three founders pooled their resources and developed a unique manufacturing process. Using pigments instead of dyes, Revlon developed a variety of new shades of opaque nail enamel. In 1937, Revlon started selling the polishes in department stores and drug stores. In six years, the company became a multimillion-dollar organization. By 1940, Revlon offered an entire manicure line, and added lipstick to the collection. During World War II, Revlon created makeup and related products for the U.S. Army, which was honored in 1944 with the Army-Navy "E" Award for Excellence.
By the end of the war, Revlon was listed as one of America's top five cosmetic houses. Expanding its capabilities, the company bought Graef & Schmidt, a cutlery manufacturer seized by the government in 1943 because of German business ties. This acquisition made it possible for Revlon to produce its own manicure and pedicure instruments, instead of buying them from outside supply sources.
In November 1955, Revlon went public. The IPO price was $12 per share, but it reached $30 per share within 8 weeks.
In the 1960s, Revson segmented Revlon Inc into different divisions, each focusing on a different market. He borrowed this strategy from General Motors. Each division had its own target customer:

Revlon, the largest and most popular-priced brand
Princess Marcella Borghese, upscale/international
Ultima II, premium
Natural Wonder, juniors
Moon Drops, dry skin
Etherea, hypo-allergenic

In 1957, Revlon acquired Knomark, a shoe-polish company, and sold its shoe-polish line Esquire Shoe Polish in 1969. Other acquisitions, such as Ty-D-Bol, the maker of toilet cleansers, and a 27 percent interest in the Schick electric shaver company were soon discarded. Evan Picone, a women's sportswear manufacturer which came with a price tag of $12 million in 1962, was sold back to one of the original partners four years later for $1 million. However, the 1967 acquisition of U.S. Vitamin and Pharmaceutical Corporation made Revlon a leader in diabetes drugs.
The company began to market its products overseas at the end of the 1950s. By 1962, when Revlon debuted in Japan, there were subsidiaries in France, Italy, Argentina, Mexico, and Asia. Revlon's entrance into the Japanese market was typical of its international sales strategy. Instead of adapting its ads and using Japanese models, Revlon chose to use its basic U.S. advertising and models. Japanese women loved the American look, and the sales for 1962 came to almost $164 million.
In 1968, Revlon introduced Eterna27, the first cosmetic cream with an estrogen precursor called Progenitin (pregenolone acetate), as well as introducing the world's first American fashion designer fragrance, Norman Norell. Later, Revlon launched Braggi and Pub for men, and a line of wig maintenance products called Wig Wonder.
In 1970, Revlon acquired the Mitchum line of deodorants. In 1971 Flex shampoo and conditioner was introduced.
In 1973, Revlon introduced Charlie. Geared to the under-30 market, Charlie model Shelley Hack in Ralph Lauren clothes, personified the independent woman of the 1970s. This was the first perfume ad to feature a woman wearing pants. Charlie raised Revlon's net sales figures to $506 million for 1973 and almost $606 million the following year. Shelley Hack appeared on Oprah in 2007 to talk about the power of these Charlie print and commercial ads. Their follow-up fragrance, Jontue, became the number two best seller.
In 1973, model Lauren Hutton signed an exclusive modeling contract, agreeing to pose for Revlon's Ultima line for $400,000 for two years. She was featured on the cover of Newsweek for this ground-breaking cosmetics contract.[4] Additionally, famed photographer Richard Avedon was signed on as the exclusive photographer for the brand - another cosmetics industry first.[5]
Michel Begerac control (1975-1985)[edit]
In 1975, Charles Revson died. Michel Bergerac, who Revson had hired as President of the company, continued to expand the company holdings. Revlon acquired Coburn Optical Industries, an Oklahoma-based manufacturer of ophthalmic and optical processing equipment and supplies. Barnes-Hind, the largest U.S. marketer of hard contact lens solutions, was bought in 1976 and strengthened Revlon's share of the eye-care market. Revlon purchased Armour Pharmaceutical Company, a division of Armour and Company, from The Greyhound Corporation in 1977. Other acquisitions included the Lewis-Howe Company, makers of Tums antacid in 1978. These health-care operations helped sales figures to pass the $1 billion mark in 1977, bringing total sales to $1.7 billion in 1979.
In the mid-1980s, Revlon lost ground to Estée Lauder. Estee Lauder spent millions of dollars on numerous magazine ads featuring Czech supermodel Paulina Porizkova, shot by famed Chicago fashion photographer Victor Skrebneski. Revlon's share dropped from 20 percent to 10 percent of department store cosmetics sales. Sales at the drugstore also declined as Revlon lost shares to Noxell's Cover Girl brand. Revlon compensated with more acquisitions; Max Factor, Ellen Betrix, Charles of the Ritz, Germaine Monteil, Almay, Fermodyl, Lancaster, Aziza, and Halston. The 1977 acquisition of Carlos Colomer, a Spanish professional beauty supply distributor, brought Fermodyl and Roux and helped introduce Revlon to the world of ethnic care: Creme of Nature, Realistic, Lovely Color and Milk and Honey. In 1983 the company attempted an unsuccessful hostile takeover of Gillette. In 1989, Revlon became one of the first companies to replace animal tests with alternative safety testing methods.[6]




Revlon counter in New Zealand department store Farmers


Ronald Perelman control (1985-present)[edit]
On November 5, 1985, at a price of $58 per share, totaling $2.7 billion, Revlon was sold to Pantry Pride (later renamed to Revlon Group, Inc.), a subsidiary of Ronald Perelman's MacAndrews & Forbes. The buyout—engineered with the help of junk bond king Michael P. Milken—saddled Revlon with a huge $2.9 billion debt load, which became an albatross around the company's neck for years to come. Pantry Pride Inc. offered to buy any or all of Revlon's 38.2 million outstanding shares for $47.5 a share when its street price stood at $45 a share. Initially rejected, he repeatedly raised his offer until it reached $53 a share while fighting Revlon's management every step of the way. Forstmann Little & Company swooped in at $56 a share, a brief public bidding war ensued, and Perelman triumphed with an offer of $58 a share. Perelman paid $1.8 billion to Revlon's shareholders, but he also paid $900 million of other costs associated with the purchase.[7] Perelman had Revlon sell four divisions: two for $1 billion, the vision care division for $574 million, and the National Health Laboratories division which became a publicly owned corporation in 1988. Additional make-up lines were purchased for Revlon: Max Factor in 1987 and Betrix in 1989, later sold to Procter & Gamble in 1991.[8] Also in 1991, Revlon sold the Clean & Clear brand to Johnson & Johnson.
In March 2011, Revlon acquired Mirage Cosmetics, makers of Sinful Colors nail products.[9]
In 2011, PETA removed Revlon and other high-profile cosmetic brands from its list of companies who do not test their products on animals after the organization learned they were paying Chinese laboratories to test their cosmetics on rabbits and other animals.[10]
In August 2013, Revlon Consumer Products Corp. bought the Colomer Group from CVC Capital Partners, a private equity firm, for $660 million.[11]
After suffering business loss in 2011 and 2012, at the end of 2013, Revlon announced that it will exit the Chinese market, which employs 1,100 people. The business in China accounted for just 2 percent portion of net sales of Revlon's international operations.[12]
On November 1, 2013, Revlon named Lorenzo Delpani as President and CEO [13]
On September 22, 2014, Revlon's board of directors elected Roberto Simon as executive vice president and chief financial officer, effective as of Sept. 30.[14]
Advertising[edit]




Tram with Revlon advertising in Hong Kong, June 2007


Up until the 1940s, Revlon's magazine ads were drawn by hand and mostly in black and white. Beginning in 1945, Revlon began launching full-color photographic advertisements in major magazines and stores across the country. Revlon introduced matching nail polish and lipsticks with exotic and unique names. These ads were taken by the top fashion photographers of the day including Richard Avedon, Cecil Beaton, and John Rawlings. Some of these ads were for "Paint the Town Pink" and 1945's "Fatal Apple" with Dorian Leigh. In 1947 Revlon introduced "Bachelor's Carnation" and in 1948, "Sweet Talk".
In 1950, Revlon introduced a red lipstick and nail enamel called "Where's the Fire?" Revlon used the word "fire" again later in their "Fire and Ice" ads. One of the world's first supermodels, Dorian Leigh, starred in some of Revlon's most memorable advertisements of all time. In 1946, Dorian was covered in purple flowers and wrapped in a pale purple sheet for "Ultra Violet." In 1947, Dorian appeared in "Fashion Plate." In 1953, at the age of 36, she appeared in "Cherries in the Snow." Later that year she appeared in the legendary "Fire and Ice" ad shot by Richard Avedon. Originally, Dorian appeared in a tight, silver-beaded dress with an enormous red wrap. Her black hair had a silver swirl in it and she had her hands, with long red nails, positioned in front of her breasts. Charles Revson rejected Avedon's original ad as "too sexual."[15] They re-shot the ad, this time with her open hand in front of one hip, the other in front of her cheek. The advertisement became Madison Avenue legend because of the full-page quiz next to the sensual ad. Almost 50 years later, in November 2010, Revlon re-created 1953's "Fire and Ice" magazine ad, this time with actress Jessica Biel. With this ad, Revlon announced they were issuing a limited edition Fire and Ice lipstick and nail color calling this campaign, "lips and tips."
Dorian Leigh's 15-years-younger red-headed sister, Suzy Parker, also shot numerous Revlon magazine ads in the 1950s. Charles Revson, who wanted to marry Dorian at some point, despised Suzy, and vice versa. At one point, he refused to hire her anymore because Suzy complained about the "peanut" paycheck she received from Revlon. Richard Avedon, however, after photographing other models for a particular Revlon ad, would call in Suzy last minute, sometimes late at night, to do re-takes with him. This happened with "Stormy Pink," an ad Suzy shot very late at night with a wild white horse in the ocean. Avedon would then tell Revson that it was not Suzy in the ad, but a model named "Bubbles" or another made-up name.[16]
In 1970, Revlon became the first American cosmetics company to feature an African American model, Naomi Sims, in their advertising.[17] Revlon was also noted for featuring models of a wide age range in the 1980s, including then 13-year-old Milla Jovovich and then 60-year-old Audrey Hepburn.[18] Despite the successful campaigns of the 1980s and 1990s featuring models, in particular Cindy Crawford, Revlon decided to drop fashion models and focus on movie stars, among them Kate Bosworth, Jaime King, Halle Berry, Susan Sarandon, Melanie Griffith, Julianne Moore, Eva Mendes, Jessica Alba, Jennifer Connelly, Beau Garrett, Jessica Biel, Olivia Wilde, Emma Stone and Bond girls.[19][20] In 2009, Australian supermodel Elle Macpherson became a new spokesmodel for the company. American actress Jessica Biel is the newest woman to model for the brand, first shown in advertisements in January 2010.[21] (Main article: List of Revlon spokesmodels) In 2008, celebrity makeup artist Gucci Westman was hired as Revlon's Global Artistic Director, representing the company at runway shows and brand events and designing collections.[22]
Philanthropy[edit]




Becky Gulsvig at Revlon Run/Walk for Cancer


Revlon is a corporate sponsor of several charity projects. The largest of these is the Revlon Run Walk, a run and walk event held in New York and Los Angeles to raise money and awareness for breast and ovarian cancer. Revlon also supports other cancer charities such as Look Good Feel Better and the National Breast Cancer Coalition and operates a mobile mammography clinic in and around Oxford, North Carolina, where the company's primary manufacturing operations are located.[23] In 1996 Revlon supported the development of a breast center at the University of California, Los Angeles. Renamed Revlon/UCLA Breast Center, the center is a well-known institute for treatment and research of breast cancer and other breast diseases and disorders.[24] A Revlon lip gloss shade whose proceeds support Revlon's cancer charities was also created in 2009.
In September 2010, Revlon, with global artistic director Gucci Westman and spokesmodel Halle Berry hosted an event at Fashion's Night Out in New York City to raise funds for the Jenesse Center, a Los Angeles organization for domestic violence victims.[25] Revlon also hosted luncheons and various other events to benefit the center and partnered with online retailer Drugstore.com to donate portions of lipstick sales to the organization.[26]
See also[edit]

List of Revlon spokesmodels

References[edit]

^ a b c "Financial Statements for Revlon - Morningstar". Morningstar.com. 2016-12-31. Retrieved 2017-03-08. 
^ a b "Financials for Revlon". Google Finance. 2016-12-31. Retrieved 2017-03-08. 
^ "Fortune 1000 page for Revlon". Fortune. 2016-12-31. Retrieved 2017-03-08. 
^ Model, by Michael Gross, 1995, page 212.
^ "Andrewtobias.com". Andrewtobias.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ McGill, Douglas C. (August 2, 1989). "Cosmetics Companies Quietly Ending Animal Tests". The New York Times. 
^ Stevenson, Richard (1985-11-05). "Pantry Pride Control of Revlon Board Seen Near". New York Times. p. D5. 
^ "MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc.". Funding Universe. Retrieved 2008-05-16. 
^ "Revlon Acquires Sinful Nail Brand". Women's Wear Daily. March 25, 2011. 
^ Hills, Suzannah (July 31, 2012). "L'Occitane and Yves Rocher: The big-name beauty brands among those ditching cruelty-free animal testing policies to sell their products to China". Daily Mail. Retrieved 28 January 2015. 
^ Young, Vicki M. "Revlon Acquires Colomer Group for $660 Million". WWD. Retrieved 6 August 2013. 
^ "Revlon to Exit Operations in China, Cut 1,100 Jobs". January 1, 2014. 
^ "Revlon Names Lorenzo Delpani President, CEO". October 31, 2013. 
^ "Revlon Inc announces election of Roberto Simon as executive vice president and chief financial officer - Form 8-K". September 23, 2014. 
^ The Girl Who Had Everything, The Story of 'The Fire and Ice Girl,' by Dorian Leigh and Laura Hobe, 1980, page 88.
^ The Girl Who Had Everything. The Story of the "Fire and Ice Girl," Dorian Leigh and Laura Hobe, 1980, page 89.
^ Tell Me More (2009-08-05). "Naomi Sims Showed The World That Black Is Beautiful". NPR. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "The Official Milla Jovovich Website :: Gallery - Revlon". MillaJ.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Stylenews.peoplestylwatch.com". Stylenews.peoplestylewatch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Stelenews.peoplestylwatch.com". Stylenews.peoplestylewatch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Marketing News". HAPPI. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Revlon Taps Gucci Westman - Beauty Industry and Products News". WWD.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "Revlon Cares". Revlon.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ "About Us". Revlon/UCLA Breast Center. 
^ "Revlon and Halle Berry Celebrate Fashion’s Night Out New York". Business Wire. 2010-09-14. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 
^ Thomas, Bobbie (2009-12-15). "Shop for change! Top gifts that give back - Holiday Guide - TODAY.com". Today.msnbc.msn.com. Retrieved 2011-04-06. 

External links[edit]

Official website
Revlon, Inc. Company Profile, Yahoo!
Company History
About Revlon Inc. in French / Au sujet de la Cie Revlon
Revlon sales lifted by good duty-free performance
Seeing Red: Revlon and Me: A Memoir







v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History












v
t
e


Revlon Inc.



Current brands



Revlon
Almay
Charlie
Institut Jeanne Gatineau
Mitchum
Ultima II





Defunct brands



Charles of the Ritz
Electric Youth
Natural Wonder





Former brands,
under new ownership



Clean & Clear
Esquire Shoe Polish
Germaine Monteil
Halston fragrances
Max Factor
Princess Marcella Borghese












v
t
e


MacAndrews & Forbes



Subsidiaries



Deluxe Entertainment Services Group Inc.
M&F Worldwide
Revlon
Scantron Corporation
Scientific Games Corporation
Merisant





Related



Ronald Perelman
Revlon v. MacAndrews & Forbes










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Revlon&oldid=788676360"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeManufacturing companies established in 1932Cosmetics companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies based in New York CityHistory of cosmeticsPerfume housesPersonal care brandsPrivate equity portfolio companiesRevlonNail polishHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעברית日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăSuomiSvenskaTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 20:45.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Our Founder | The Charles H. Revson Foundation











































The Charles H. Revson Foundation 

 




 



Our Founder


About Charles H. Revson
Born in Boston in 1906, Charles H. Revson was raised in Manchester, New Hampshire, and came to New York City as a young man. In the depths of the Great Depression he founded Revlon, Inc., which he built from a single product line into a major international corporation in a decade.
In 1956, Mr. Revson established the Charles H. Revson Foundation, through which he donated millions of dollars during his lifetime. Most of these gifts were to organizations that served the Jewish community, medical institutions, and schools and universities in New York, his adopted city.
The Foundation was endowed after his death in 1975. His directive gave the Board a mandate to innovate, allowing it unusual freedom to chart the Foundation’s course.
In his tribute published in the Foundation’s first report, Judge Simon H. Rifkind, then chairman of the Foundation’s Board of Directors, wrote:
“Two characteristics set Charles Revson apart from the ordinary run: one, creativity—in his chosen field; two, perfectionism—in all fields.
“His zeal to learn was prodigious. Having entered the world of industry, he exhibited an inordinate eagerness to explore his new domain, to learn its highways and byways, to learn how to scale its barriers, how to solve its puzzles and penetrate its mysteries. By the sheer genius of his imagination, by the drive of his personality, by the dedication of his efforts, he created a vast enterprise stretching around the globe, and his name became known in dozens of countries. He reached the heights of his chosen profession, but he never forgot those who struggled below.
“[The Board of Directors has] striven to approach our task with the creativity and belief in man’s capacity for improvement that distinguished Charles Revson.”






Program Areas 

Urban Affairs >


Jewish Life >


Biomedical Research >


Education >


In the About SectionOur Founder
President’s Letter
Board of Directors
News
Staff
Our First 20 Years
Contact Us





 













Our Founder | The Charles H. Revson Foundation











































The Charles H. Revson Foundation 

 




 



Our Founder


About Charles H. Revson
Born in Boston in 1906, Charles H. Revson was raised in Manchester, New Hampshire, and came to New York City as a young man. In the depths of the Great Depression he founded Revlon, Inc., which he built from a single product line into a major international corporation in a decade.
In 1956, Mr. Revson established the Charles H. Revson Foundation, through which he donated millions of dollars during his lifetime. Most of these gifts were to organizations that served the Jewish community, medical institutions, and schools and universities in New York, his adopted city.
The Foundation was endowed after his death in 1975. His directive gave the Board a mandate to innovate, allowing it unusual freedom to chart the Foundation’s course.
In his tribute published in the Foundation’s first report, Judge Simon H. Rifkind, then chairman of the Foundation’s Board of Directors, wrote:
“Two characteristics set Charles Revson apart from the ordinary run: one, creativity—in his chosen field; two, perfectionism—in all fields.
“His zeal to learn was prodigious. Having entered the world of industry, he exhibited an inordinate eagerness to explore his new domain, to learn its highways and byways, to learn how to scale its barriers, how to solve its puzzles and penetrate its mysteries. By the sheer genius of his imagination, by the drive of his personality, by the dedication of his efforts, he created a vast enterprise stretching around the globe, and his name became known in dozens of countries. He reached the heights of his chosen profession, but he never forgot those who struggled below.
“[The Board of Directors has] striven to approach our task with the creativity and belief in man’s capacity for improvement that distinguished Charles Revson.”






Program Areas 

Urban Affairs >


Jewish Life >


Biomedical Research >


Education >


In the About SectionOur Founder
President’s Letter
Board of Directors
News
Staff
Our First 20 Years
Contact Us





 



































Fire and Ice : The Story of Charles Revson, the Man Who Built the Revlon Empire: Andrew Tobias: 9780446824095: Amazon.com: Books







 























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks





























































































Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. 
 







Apple








Android








Windows Phone








Android







To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.

   or
        











Download to your computer

  Mac 
  Windows 8, 8 RT and Modern UI 
  Windows 8 desktop, Windows 7, XP & Vista  





Kindle Cloud Reader

  Read instantly in your browser 


























Share


Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest


































Buy New




$95.00














List Price: $750.00



                    Save: $655.00
                     (87%)
                







            $95.00
        

                        + $4.49 shipping
                    









        
            Only 1 left in stock - order soon.
            
        
        
    




    





    
        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
        Ships from and sold by 27marcopolohaus.
    
    

        
        
        
        
        
        

        




Add to Cart



Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser











                    Get it as soon as
                
July 27 - Aug. 1 when you choose Expedited Shipping at checkout.
                
            











                    Ship to:
                





                            mountainview, 94035
                        







                        To see addresses, please
                    


                        Sign in
                    






or

                        Use this location:
                    






                                Update
                            




                                Please enter a valid US zip code.
                            



                            Please enter a valid US zip code.
                        



                            Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).
                        


or























Buy Used




$11.59











FREE Shipping on orders over $25.



 






    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
    

Used: 






    
    
    
    
        
    
    

Good
		

 | 

				Details
			



		Sold by
		
			
			
				Book Bystander



				Fulfilled by Amazon
			





Condition:
      Used: Good
    



Comment: Minimal signs of wear. Ships direct from Amazon!
              



Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and .
If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. We invite you to 
    learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon
  .





Add to Cart




Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser











                  Add to List
                  
              








                Added to
              










            Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
          

















                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          There was an error retrieving your Wish Lists. Please try again.
                      









                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          List unavailable.
                      



















Have one to sell?

            Sell on Amazon
        





























Flip to back
Flip to front







Listen





Playing...





Paused



 

You're listening to a sample of the Audible audio edition.

Learn more










See this image












Fire and Ice : The Story of Charles Revson, the Man Who Built the Revlon Empire
Mass Market Paperback

– July, 1977



	
	
	
		
		
	        
	        by
	
    
    
        
        
        
            
        
        
        	
        	
    	

		
		
			








Andrew Tobias
									 
									(Author)



› Visit Amazon's Andrew Tobias Page


									Find all the books, read about the author, and more.
								

See search results for this author



											Are you an author?
											Learn about Author Central








Andrew Tobias



(Author)











3.8 out of 5 stars








9 customer reviews



















See all 6 formats and editions
Hide other formats and editions










                     Price
                




              New from
            

              Used from
            















Hardcover




"Please retry"







                                 —
                             







$56.29




$4.37





















Paperback




"Please retry"







                                 —
                             







$141.01




$5.06



















Mass Market Paperback




"Please retry"






$95.00 







$92.15




$2.26















Hardcover 

    
      
          
        







  
  
    
      
      
        
        





        from $4.37
        
      
    
  
  
    
      
      
      
        



    
      
    







        
          19 Used from $4.37
        
      



        
          14 New from $56.29
        
      





Paperback 

    
      
          
        







  
  
    
      
      
        
        





        from $5.06
        
      
    
  
  
    
      
      
      
        



    
      
    







        
          17 Used from $5.06
        
      



        
          13 New from $141.01
        
      





Mass Market Paperback 


      $95.00
    








        
          15 Used from $2.26
        
      



        
          5 New from $92.15
        
      

























 This is the story of Charles Revson (b.1906 d.1975), the insecure kid from a cold-water flat in Manchester, New Hampshire, who never went to college but founded Revlon. He went from putting the nail polish on his own nails (to test it) and criss-crossing the country by rail (to sell it) to, ultimately, a $5,000-a-day New York lifestyle complete with a 257-foot yacht, the Ultima II, whose gas tank cost $20,000 to fill and whose staterooms Revson liked to keep chilly enough, in the heat of the Caribbean, to require toasty electric blankets. (Andrew Tobias)











Read more
Read less

























See all buying options










        Fire and Ice : The Story of Charles Revson, the Man Who Built the Revlon Empire
    





        $95.00
    

            
                
                
                    + $4.49 shipping
                
                
                
            
            


        
            Only 1 left in stock - order soon.
                        
        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
        
            
                
                
            

            Ships from and sold by 27marcopolohaus.
            

            
            

            
            
        
        
    


        























 click to open popover 








Customers who bought this item also boughtPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            The Maybelline Story: And the Spirited Family Dynasty Behind It
        

Sharrie Williams


4.3 out of 5 stars

44

Paperback$15.95 Prime





            When Money Is King
        

Richard Hack


5.0 out of 5 stars

2

Audio Cassette$3.45 





            War Paint: Madame Helena Rubinstein and Miss Elizabeth Arden: Their Lives, Their Times, Their Rivalry
        

Lindy Woodhead


3.8 out of 5 stars

36

Hardcover$33.98 Prime


Next






What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?










Fire and Ice : The Story of Charles Revson, the Man Who Built theRevlon Empire
Hardcover

Andrew Tobias


3.8 out of 5 stars

9

49 offers from $2.60









The Only Investment Guide You'll Ever Need
Paperback

Andrew Tobias


4.2 out of 5 stars

218

$9.32 Prime






















                    Editorial Reviews
                    
                 




This is the story of Charles Revson (b.1906 d.1975), the insecure kid from a cold-water flat in Manchester, New Hampshire, who never went to college but founded Revlon. He went from putting the nail polish on his own nails (to test it) and criss-crossing the country by rail (to sell it) to, ultimately, a $5,000-a-day New York lifestyle complete with a 257-foot yacht, the Ultima II, whose gas tank cost $20,000 to fill and whose staterooms Revson liked to keep chilly enough, in the heat of the Caribbean, to require toasty electric blankets. (Andrew Tobias)
						    	
					    	

Read more









NO_CONTENT_IN_FEATURE













      Tell the Publisher!
    

I'd like to read this book on Kindle

    Don't have a Kindle?  Get your Kindle here, or download a FREE  Kindle Reading App.
    



















Get a $10 credit with Alexa. "Alexa, reorder coffee."


                Ask Alexa to order an item you have previously purchased from Amazon.com Learn more














Product details


Mass Market Paperback
Publisher: Warner Books (July 1977)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0446824097
ISBN-13: 978-0446824095

    Package Dimensions: 
    
    9.3 x 6 x 1.3 inches
    
Shipping Weight: 2.9 pounds (View shipping rates and policies)
Average Customer Review:


3.8 out of 5 stars  See all reviews (9 customer reviews)

Amazon Best Sellers Rank: 

































#1,548,467 in Books (See Top 100 in Books)
 






If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support?














Important information

IngredientsExample IngredientsDirectionsExample Directions    











Customer reviews3.8 out of 5 stars93.8 out of 5 stars5 star45%4 star22%3 star22%2 star11%1 star0%Share your thoughts with other customersWrite a customer reviewSee all verified purchase reviewsTop customer reviews5.0 out of 5 starsA Fascinating Portrait of a Corporate LegendByAzamieon April 2, 2015Format: Hardcover|Verified PurchaseI had read bits and pieces of this book, and wanted to read the whole story. I couldn't put it down! Andrew Tobias goes way behind the scenes to capture the man who was Revlon; the biggest and most flamboyantly-run cosmetics empire...before Estee Lauder , there was Charles Revson and Revlon. He was loathed, feared, repudiated and sometimes admired---the stories in this book are almost surreal in content. It is a lesson in history and how things used to be; before all of the politically-correct manure that passes for advertising in today's world. I strongly recommend this book; characters like Charles Revson do not exist anymore; they are, though, part of the American folklore and what Madison Avenue and the really big corporations used to be. It's How to Succeed in Business by Really Trying!Read more0Comment|
      3 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse2.0 out of 5 stars... expected that the condition of the book would be good as describedByAmazon Customeron May 15, 2017Format: Hardcover|Verified PurchaseI expected that the condition of the book would be good as described.  The cover of the book had a piece torn out of it and the pages were soiled.I was quite disappointed.Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse4.0 out of 5 starsBook itself in good condition.Byjuanita figueroaon August 31, 2015Format: Hardcover|Verified PurchaseNo cover outer included.  Book itself in good condition.Read more0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse3.0 out of 5 starsThree StarsByThomas Fergusonon February 29, 2016Format: Hardcover|Verified PurchaseAn interesting book. Unfortunately there was 30 or so pages missing in the middle of the book.Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsCharles Revson was not as beautiful as the world he createdByEstherBunnyon November 17, 2012Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseI read this book in the 1980's. Loaned it out and thought I wouldnever see it again. Thank you Amazon! Mad Men ain't got nothingon Chucky!Read more0Comment|
      3 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsByGLAFYon February 11, 2015Format: Mass Market Paperback|Verified PurchaseYou have to read this book if you think your boss is difficult.Read more0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse4.0 out of 5 starsAh, the Seventies...Byone4oneon February 8, 2013Format: Hardcover|Verified PurchaseRe-reading this after all these years is pure nosalgia for me.  Dated but more fun than a more measured bio.Read more0Comment|
      2 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsFire and Ice: The Story of Charles RevsonByKathleen M. Grafon March 26, 2010Format: Hardcover|Verified PurchaseI was pleasantly surprised when Amazon sent me a hard cover version of this book rather than paperback.  Thank you.  It was a very good read.Read more0Comment|
      5 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseSee all verified purchase reviews (newest first)Write a customer review




Customer images

See all customer images

Most recent customer reviews3.0 out of 5 starsThe book is wonderful. I now see the drawbacks of being usedThe book is wonderful.  I now see the drawbacks of being used.  (Reason for 3 stars), the book was a little worn but it's an old book, right, but it didn't have the cover so when...Read morePublished on November 1, 2014 by Sophe de laTorreSearch customer reviewsSearch




















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started









































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates












	LIPSATIONAL Trademark of CHARLES REVSON INC.. Serial Number: 74726270 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Cosmetics and Cleaning Products
LIPSATIONAL










 
Get FREE email alerts













LIPSATIONAL  Trademark Information
 CHARLES REVSON INC.




Perfect for these industries

Cosmetics and Cleaning Products





Words that describe this mark
makeup    
                                    




This is a brand page for the LIPSATIONAL trademark by CHARLES REVSON INC. 
                                in New York, , 10022.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this LIPSATIONAL trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner CHARLES REVSON INC. of the LIPSATIONAL trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the LIPSATIONAL trademark.
                           






On Thursday, September 7, 1995,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        LIPSATIONAL by 
                        CHARLES REVSON INC., New York 10022.
                        The USPTO has given the LIPSATIONAL 
                        trademark serial  number of  74726270.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for LIPSATIONAL is 
                        
                        
                                            Arch M. Ahern of 
                                            Revlon Consumer Products Corporation,  625 Madison Avenue, New York, NY  10022 
                                .
                            The LIPSATIONAL trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Cosmetics and Cleaning Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for LIPSATIONAL 
                            is makeup. 
                            





Word mark:
 LIPSATIONAL


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

3/11/1997






  Serial Number:  
74726270


  Filing Date:  
9/7/1995


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
makeup


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
6/18/1996


Last Applicant/Owner:

CHARLES REVSON INC.New York 10022
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Arch M. Ahern
Revlon Consumer Products Corporation
625 Madison Avenue
New York, NY  10022






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (003) - Bleaching preparations and other substances for laundry use; cleaning, polishing, scouring and abrasive preparations; soaps; perfumery, essential oils, cosmetics, hair lotions; dentifrices. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your LIPSATIONAL trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/11/1997
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Arch M. Ahern


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of LIPSATIONAL trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search lipsational on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for LIPSATIONAL 




LIPSATIONAL is providing makeup.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














charles revson | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Related: 
				charles revson bracelet aldo cipullo charles revson love bracelet cartier love bracelet chanel earrings revson bracelet aldo cipullo bracelet















Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






257
results for charles revson

Follow charles revson to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow charles revson to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following charles revson in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  charles revson: 
 












Items in search results








The Love Ring Ultima'll by Charles Revson NY 1970 Design by Robert Indiana  New



$89.77


0 bids




					$129.00



				Buy It Now

















New in Box Small GOLD EP CARTIER ALDO CIPULLO LOVE BRACELET by CHARLES REVSON



$182.50


2 bids

















1970 Charles Revson Aldo Cipullo Ultima II Version of Cartier Love Bracelet




					$475.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28










Love Ring Ultima'll Charles Revson Robert Indiana 1970 Sz 6.5 original ring box



$75.00


0 bids




					$125.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping

















CHARLES REVSON - ALDO CIPULLO GOLD ELECTROPLATE 1970 "LOVE" BRACELET - (SMALL)



$181.50


12 bids



















Crystal Glass Heart Shaped Pendant Necklace w/Chain ULTIMA II Charles Revson Box



$9.99


0 bids




Free shipping

















Maroc Ultima II by Charles Revson. 2 oz bottle of Eau De Cologne



$49.99


0 bids

















The Love Ring designed by Robert Indiana for Charles Revson 1970 vintage



$58.77


0 bids




					$77.99



				Buy It Now

















Maroc  Ultima II Charles Revson  2oz Eau De Cologne Natural Spray-Approx1/2 full




					$49.99



				or Best Offer


















Vintage 1960s Charles Revson BRAGGI 4 OZ splash COLOGNE - 90% full



$49.99


0 bids




Free shipping

















Ultima By Charles Revson Eau De Parfum Splash 5/16 oz 90% Full




					$32.89



				or Best Offer




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28















Charles Revson CIARA 100 Strength 1 Oz/30ml Concentrated Cologne Spray Vintage




					$18.99

									Was: Previous Price
$19.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					6 watching

						5% off










VTG CHARLES REVSON BRAGGI INTERNATIONAL COLOGNE SPLASH 4FL OZ VERY RARE




					$13.99



				Buy It Now
















Vintage Charles Revson CIARA Velvet Dusting Powder Container Art Deco Nouveau




					$24.99



				Buy It Now


















Vintage Charles Revson Ciar Perfume Concentrate Spray .34 oz




					$19.99



				or Best Offer


















Rare Vintage Ultima Perfume Eau De Parfum Spray Charles Revson 2 Oz. Net Wt. Box




					$50.00



				Buy It Now













Vintage BRAGGI COLOGNE For Men  2 fl.oz. Charles Revson 90% Full



$19.95


1 bid

















Charles Revson CIARA 100 Strength Concentrated Cologne Spray 1 oz 90% FULL




					$12.99



				Buy It Now














New listing
		Vintage Ultima II Charles Revson Purse Canvas Wood Handles Leather Trim 70s 80s




					$23.00



				Buy It Now













Cerissa Cologne By Charles Revson 8 Oz NEW




					$69.95



				or Best Offer
















VTG ART DECO NOUVEAU CHARLES REVSON CIARA PERFUME DUSTING POWDER BOX CONTAINER W




					$19.99



				Buy It Now













CIARA  Charles Revson CONCENTRATED COLOGNE Spray .37 Oz Mini +.12 Perfume




					$19.99



				Buy It Now


















Ciara By Charles Revson 2.3 oz 200 Strength Concentrated Cologne Spray




					$79.99

									Was: Previous Price
$99.99




				Buy It Now




						20% off















CHARLES REVSON CIARA Velvet Dusting Powder New SEALED 6 oz Art Nouveau Lid




					$124.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisCHARLES REVSON CIARA Velvet Dusting Powder New SEALED 6 oz Art Nouveau Lid







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28















Ciara Concentrated Cologne Spray .94oz. 80 Strength Charles Revson



$12.50


0 bids




Free shipping






See more like thisCiara Concentrated Cologne Spray .94oz. 80 Strength Charles Revson



















CHARLES REVSON VINTAGE ROBERT INDIANA CLASSIC 1970'S ICON LOVE RING SIZE 4-1/2




					$165.00



				Buy It Now
















Vintage Charles Revson CIARA Velvet Dusting Powder Container Art Deco Nouveau




					$23.62



				or Best Offer













Ultima ll Ull Sheer Scent 1.6oz Spray by Charles Revson Vintage Item




					$300.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping


















1970 Charles Revson Aldo Cipullo Yellow Gold EP Screw Bangle Bracelet




					$700.00



				or Best Offer













Women’s Perfume Ciara by Charles Revson .43 oz Concentrated Cologne Spray 80




					$14.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28















Vintage Charles Revson CIARA Pulse Point Pure Perfume .4oz in Box




					$38.25

									Was: Previous Price
$42.50




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						10% off







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28















New listing
		Cerissa  Cologne Spray By Charles Revson Vtg Retro 1.6oz Cologne




					$12.95



				Buy It Now













Maroc by Charles Revson Perfume Dusting Powder 2 oz




					$99.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28










CIARA CONCENTRATE COLOGNE by CHARLES REVSON VINTAGE (CHOOSE) STRENGHT,200,100,80









1 product rating




$110.00 to $210.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Charles Revson Maroc Esprit Spray 1oz HUGE Perfume/parfum 60% Full (18ml left)




					$95.00



				Buy It Now













New listing
		Cerissa Perfume Concentrate Spray 25% full By Charles Revson ~RARE ITEM




					$28.50



				Buy It Now













6 ULTIMA II MATTE EYESHADOW EYECOLOR TWOSOMES FYI/ASAP CHARLES REVSON




					$10.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					3 watching










Charles Revson CIARA Perfume Concentrate Natural Spray 7/16 oz 65% FULL Dent Cap




					$10.75



				or Best Offer




Free shipping













Vintage Charles Revson Ciara Perfume 80 Strength Concentrated Cologne Original




					$34.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Thu, Jul. 27










Fire And Ice  - The Story of Charles Revson



$6.00


0 bids

















Charles Revson RESERVE STOCK Cologne Splash .5 oz VINTAGE, MISSING 1/4




					$8.31

									Was: Previous Price
$8.75




				or Best Offer




Free shipping




						5% off










CHARLES REVSON ULTIMA PERFUMED DUSTING POWDER 4.0 OZ SEALED/NEW IN BOX




					$34.00



				or Best Offer













Ciara Concentrated Cologne Spray .45oz 13.3mL 80 Strength Charles Revson









1 product rating



$12.50


0 bids




Free shipping






















RARE **PERFUME** Spray Ciara Charles Revson 0.37 oz vintage parfum




					$32.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					2 watching










CERISSA PERFUME CONCENTRATE 1/5 fl oz Charles Revson USA




					$129.95



				or Best Offer




Free shipping













Charles Revson CIARA 100 Strength 2pc Set 2.3oz Cologne Spray 2.0oz Body Velvet




					$57.60

									Was: Previous Price
$64.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						10% off















Vintage MADLY Ultima II Charles Revson Perfume EDT Spray 1.7 oz




					$9.99



				Buy It Now













Cerissa Perfume Concentrate Spray By Charles Revson Vtg Retro 1.7 oz. Cologne




					$40.00



				Buy It Now













VINTAGE Charles Revson ULTIMA II CHR Extraordinary Lipstick CORAL FLAME creme




					$11.99



				Buy It Now


















Ciara By Charles Revson for Women  ( 0.34 oz Perfume Concentrate Spray) NO BOX




					$49.90



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					6 watching







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Thu, Jul. 27















Ciara Revlon 200 Strength Charles Revson Concentrated Cologne Women Spray 2.3 oz




					$222.22



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisCiara Revlon 200 Strength Charles Revson Concentrated Cologne Women Spray 2.3 oz







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Thu, Jul. 27















Lot of 2 CIARA 80 Strength by Charles Revson 2.3 oz Cologne Spray - 9/10 full




					$14.99



				Buy It Now


















Women's Perfume CIARA Charles Revson 100 Strength Concentrated Cologne 2 oz




					$39.99



				Buy It Now


















Charles Revson Ciara Concentrated Cologne Spray .37fl.oz.




					$19.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Vintage Charles Revson CIARA Pure Perfume Spray Limited Edition .2oz in Box Full




					$42.75

									Was: Previous Price
$47.50




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						10% off







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28















VINTAGE Charles Revson ULTIMA II ULTRAFROST Lipstick PEARLSKIN PEACH 02 (refill)




					$14.99



				Buy It Now


















VINTAGE Charles Revson ULTIMA II Super Luscious Lipstick Frost Goldleaf 60




					$14.99



				Buy It Now


















Vintage Ciara Perfume Concentrate Charles Revson Spray 1/3 Oz Bottle 70% Full




					$24.00



				Buy It Now
















8 OZ. BOTTLE OF CIARA BY CHARLES REVSON 50 STRENGTH SPLASH COLOGNE WITH BOX




					$19.99



				Buy It Now


















Ciara 2 3/8 oz. Charles Revson Revlon 100 Strength Concentrated Cologne Dab









1 product rating




					$39.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Thu, Jul. 27













CIARA CHARLES REVSON PORCELAIN EGG VINE LEAF  BUTTERFLY TRINKET VINTAGE




					$9.99



				Buy It Now


















ULTIMA II Charles Revson Box Crystal Glass Heart Shaped Pendant Necklace w/Chain



$7.99


0 bids

















Charles Revson CIARA 100 Strength 2.3oz Cologne Spray #2




					$47.50



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28















Ciara 80 Perfume By Charles Revson!! (94 Oz)




					$13.50



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28










Vintage ULTIMA By Charles Revson Eau De Parfum EDP Spray 1/2 oz Mini Perfume




					$9.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28















Charles Revson CIARA 100 Strength 2.0oz Cologne Spray in Box




					$20.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping













VINTAGE CHARLES REVSON PURE PARFUM MINI 1/8oz/4ml YOUR CHOICE NUDE/BASIC BLACK




					$35.09

									Was: Previous Price
$38.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						10% off















NEW ULTIMA II CHARLES REVSON QUICK TAKES EYESHADOW KIT




					$39.99



				or Best Offer




Free shipping




					8 watching










MAROC PERFUME ULTMA II CHARLES REVSON  SPRAY .28 OZ




					$59.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping
















VTG. ULTIMA  Charles Revson EAU de PARFUM Spray 2 Oz UNBOXED




					$79.99



				or Best Offer













Ciara By Charles Revson for Women  0.34 oz Perfume Concentrate Spray NOS Unboxed




					$44.95



				or Best Offer




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28















Charles Revson CIARA 100 Strength 2.0oz Cologne Spray in Box




					$54.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28















RARE VINTAGE CHARLES REVSON PURE PARFUM MINI 1/8oz/4ml HOT MINI REPLICA




					$21.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













VINTAGE....CHARLES REVSON CIARA,80 STRENGHT CONCENTRATED COLOGNE,2 3/8 oz




					$39.50



				or Best Offer













VINTAGE CHARLES REVSON CIARA CONCENTRATED COLOGNE 80 STRENGTH LOT 2 3/8 FL OZ




					$49.99



				Buy It Now













Charles Revson Ciara 2 3/8 oz Concentrated Cologne Splash 100 Strength 40% Full




					$9.98



				Buy It Now


















Charles Revson CIARA Perfume Spray .37 oz New No Cap Bottle




					$39.99



				or Best Offer




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28










Ultima ll Ull Sheer Scent 1.6oz Spray by Charles Revson Vintage Item




					$300.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping


















Vtg Charles Revson Ultima Perfumed Dusting Powder Unopened Container 4oz No Box




					$56.00



				Buy It Now













CHARLES REVSON CIARA CONCENTRATED SPRAY 1/2 OZ




					$7.20

									Was: Previous Price
$8.00




				Buy It Now




						10% off










Charles Revson Cerissa Concentrated Cologne Spray 3.5Oz In Box (Vintage)


		box shows shelf wear and minor cosmetic damage



					$149.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28















Vintage Rare Charles Revson 2 pc Set Garment Bag Carryon Handbag Tweed Wood




					$24.99



				Buy It Now













RARE VINTAGE CHARLES REVSON PURE PARFUM MINI 1/8oz/4ml BASIC BLACK REPLICA




					$21.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Ciara Cologne 100 Strength Concentrated Cologne Spray Charles Revson 2 Oz




					$8.99



				Buy It Now


















Ciara by Charles Revson Perfume Spray .34 oz Unboxed




					$59.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28










VINTAGE NEW CHARLES REVSON BRAGGI INTERNATIONAL COLOGNE SPLASH 2 FL OZ  RARE




					$50.00



				or Best Offer













Vintage Charles Revson Ciara Perfume 80 Strength Concentrated Cologne 2.3 oz



$20.00


0 bids

















ciara charles revson diamond cut stomizer concentrated cologne 80 strength




					$100.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28










VINTAGE RARE ULTRA CERISSA  CONCENTRATED COLOGNE SPRAY BY CHARLES REVSON 1.7 OZ




					$39.99



				Buy It Now













vtg ULTIMA Charles Revson .5 Oz perfume




					$19.99



				Buy It Now













Cerissa Perfume Concentrate 1/5 Oz. / 6ml. By Charles Revson. NIB




					$139.99



				Buy It Now


















CHARLES REVSON / REVLON ~ NEW CIARA 80 Strength Concentrated Cologne NOS .45oz




					$15.75

									Was: Previous Price
$35.00




				Buy It Now




						55% off















Vtg Ciara Perfume Concentrate Charles Revson Spray .32 Oz Bottle 55% Full Rare




					$32.99



				or Best Offer













Ultima II Charles Revson MAROC Eau de Cologne Natural Perfume Spray 2.3 Fl. oz




					$65.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Thu, Jul. 27















Ultima ll Ull Sheer Scent 1.6oz Spray by Charles Revson Vintage 3.25 oz 2/3 full




					$250.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping













Ultima EDP Spray 2.0 Oz. By Charles Revson. Vintage




					$149.99



				Buy It Now





















Lauren Hutton for Ciara Perfume by Charles Revson PRINT AD - 1977




					$9.00



				Buy It Now


















Vintage Charles Revson BILL BLASS PERFUME Splash Mini 1/8 Oz. USED - 70-75% Full




					$8.95



				Buy It Now













RARE Vtg Charles Revson Cerissa Perfume Concentrate Spray 1.18 Oz ORIGINAL BOX




					$98.85



				Buy It Now




Free shipping
















Ultima II Eau De Perfume Natural Spray Vintage Scent Charles Revson 2fl.oz 60ml




					$79.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping
















Tell us what you think




Pagination for search results




1
2
3








Items per page: 

100



25 
50 
200 









eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All

Health & Beauty
(169)




Fragrances for Women
(134)


Fragrances for Men
(20)




Lipstick
(4)


Body Powders
(3)


Eye Shadow
(3)


More




Collectibles
(46)




Cosmetics & Hair Care Advertising
(10)


Print Advertising (1970-1979)
(7)


Other Perfume Collectibles
(7)


Perfume & Cologne Advertising
(4)


Collectible Cosmetic Compacts (1980-Now)
(4)




Collectible Vanity Accessories
(3)


Collectible Decorative Trinket Boxes
(2)


Collectible Solid Perfumes
(2)


More





Art
(20)


Jewelry & Watches
(12)


Books
(12)


Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
(2)


Travel
(1)


Show more







Condition
see allCondition




New
(108)





Used
(130)





Not Specified
(19)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(257)




Auction
(15)




Buy It Now
(245)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Free In-store pickup





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...































*Learn about pricing




		 This page was last updated:  Jul-22 06:31. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.





















charles revson - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Charles Revson at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





Charles Revson - Find Quick Results Now | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Charles Revson



Search for Charles Revson. Find Charles Revson Now!




We Found Charles Revson | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



1) Charles Revson's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media



Search by Email





Searches related tocharles revson



charles revson family


charles revson ultima ii


charles revson lynn revson


charles revson biography



charles revson products


lyn revson


peter revson


charles revson 1970 love bracelet




Web Results

Charles Revson - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Revson


Charles Haskell Revson (October 11, 1906 – August 24, 1975) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was best known as a pioneering cosmetics industry ...


Charles H. Revson | American businessman | Britannica.com

https://www.britannica.com/biography/Charles-H-Revson


Charles H. Revson: Oct. 11, 1906 Boston Aug. 24, 1975 New York City American businessman who turned a $300 investment into the largest retail cosmetics and fragrance ...


The Charles H. Revson Foundation

revsonfoundation.org


The Charles H. Revson Foundation operates grant programs in Urban Affairs, Jewish Life, Biomedical Research, and Education.


charles revson | eBay

https://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html?_nkw=charles+revson


Find great deals on eBay for charles revson and charles revson bracelet. Shop with confidence.


Amazon.com: Charles Revson

https://www.amazon.com/Charles-Revson/s?ie=UTF8&page=1&rh=i:aps,k...


Fire and Ice : The Story of Charles Revson, the Man Who Built theRevlon Empire 1st edition by Tobias, Andrew (1976) Hardcover 1709


Charles Revson Quotes - BrainyQuote

www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/c/charles_revson.html


Enjoy the best Charles Revson Quotes at BrainyQuote. Quotations by Charles Revson, Canadian Businessman, Born October 11, 1906. Share with your friends.


Charles H. Revson Foundation - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_H._Revson_Foundation


The Charles H. Revson Foundation was founded in 1956 by Charles H. Revson, the founding President of Revlon Cosmetics as a vehicle for his charitable giving.


Charles revson | Etsy

https://www.etsy.com/search?q=charles+revson


Shop for charles revson on Etsy, the place to express your creativity through the buying and selling of handmade and vintage goods.


Charles Revson | New Hampshire

www.newhampshire.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/99999999/NEW...


'Look kiddie. I built this business by being a bastard. I run it by being a bastard. I'll always be a bastard, and don't you ever try to change me.' - Charles Revson ...


Charles Revson (1906 - 1975) - Genealogy - geni family tree

https://www.geni.com/people/Charles-Revson/6000000012988505229


Genealogy for Charles Revson (1906 - 1975) family tree on Geni, with over 170 million profiles of ancestors and living relatives.










Charles Revson at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





Charles Revson - Find Quick Results Now | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Charles Revson



Search for Charles Revson. Find Charles Revson Now!




We Found Charles Revson | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



1) Charles Revson's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media



Search by Email




Searches related tocharles revson



charles revson family


charles revson ultima ii


charles revson lynn revson


charles revson biography



charles revson products


lyn revson


peter revson


charles revson 1970 love bracelet




12345Next






Answers







Charles Revson



Charles Haskell Revson (October 11, 1906 – August 24, 1975) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was best known as a pioneering cosmetics...

more






Charles H. Revson Foundation



The Charles H. Revson Foundation was founded in 1956 by Charles H. Revson, the founding President of Revlon Cosmetics as a vehicle for his charitable...

more






Peter Revson



the son of Julie (née Phelps) (1914–2000) and Martin Revson (1910–2016). The nephew of Revlon Cosmetics industry magnate Charles Revson (1906–1975),...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














charles revson - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Charles Revson - Find Quick Results Now | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Charles Revson



Search for Charles Revson. Find Charles Revson!




We Found Charles Revson | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



Get Cell Phone, Address, Pic & More Charles Revson's Info - Look Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





Charles Revson at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards





Searches related tocharles revson



charles revson family


charles revson ultima ii


charles revson lynn revson


charles revson biography



charles revson products


lyn revson


peter revson


charles revson 1970 love bracelet




Web Results

Charles Revson - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Revson


Charles Haskell Revson (October 11, 1906 – August 24, 1975) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was best known as a pioneering cosmetics industry ...


Charles H. Revson | American businessman | Britannica.com

https://www.britannica.com/biography/Charles-H-Revson


Charles H. Revson: Oct. 11, 1906 Boston Aug. 24, 1975 New York City American businessman who turned a $300 investment into the largest retail cosmetics and fragrance ...


The Charles H. Revson Foundation

revsonfoundation.org


The Charles H. Revson Foundation operates grant programs in Urban Affairs, Jewish Life, Biomedical Research, and Education.


charles revson | eBay

https://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html?_nkw=charles+revson


Find great deals on eBay for charles revson and charles revson bracelet. Shop with confidence.


Amazon.com: Charles Revson

https://www.amazon.com/Charles-Revson/s?ie=UTF8&page=1&rh=i:aps,k...


Fire and Ice : The Story of Charles Revson, the Man Who Built theRevlon Empire 1st edition by Tobias, Andrew (1976) Hardcover 1709


Charles Revson Quotes - BrainyQuote

www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/c/charles_revson.html


Enjoy the best Charles Revson Quotes at BrainyQuote. Quotations by Charles Revson, Canadian Businessman, Born October 11, 1906. Share with your friends.


Charles H. Revson Foundation - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_H._Revson_Foundation


The Charles H. Revson Foundation was founded in 1956 by Charles H. Revson, the founding President of Revlon Cosmetics as a vehicle for his charitable giving.


Charles revson | Etsy

https://www.etsy.com/search?q=charles+revson


Shop for charles revson on Etsy, the place to express your creativity through the buying and selling of handmade and vintage goods.


Charles Revson | New Hampshire

www.newhampshire.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/99999999/NEW...


'Look kiddie. I built this business by being a bastard. I run it by being a bastard. I'll always be a bastard, and don't you ever try to change me.' - Charles Revson ...


Charles Revson (1906 - 1975) - Genealogy - geni family tree

https://www.geni.com/people/Charles-Revson/6000000012988505229


Genealogy for Charles Revson (1906 - 1975) family tree on Geni, with over 170 million profiles of ancestors and living relatives.










Charles Revson - Find Quick Results Now | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Charles Revson



Search for Charles Revson. Find Charles Revson!




We Found Charles Revson | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



Get Cell Phone, Address, Pic & More Charles Revson's Info - Look Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





Charles Revson at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Searches related tocharles revson



charles revson family


charles revson ultima ii


charles revson lynn revson


charles revson biography



charles revson products


lyn revson


peter revson


charles revson 1970 love bracelet




12345Next






Answers







Charles Revson



Charles Haskell Revson (October 11, 1906 – August 24, 1975) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was best known as a pioneering cosmetics...

more






Charles H. Revson Foundation



The Charles H. Revson Foundation was founded in 1956 by Charles H. Revson, the founding President of Revlon Cosmetics as a vehicle for his charitable...

more






Peter Revson



the son of Julie (née Phelps) (1914–2000) and Martin Revson (1910–2016). The nephew of Revlon Cosmetics industry magnate Charles Revson (1906–1975),...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














charles revson - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Charles Revson at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





We Found Charles Revson | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



Get Cell Phone, Address, Pic & More Charles Revson's Info - Look Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





Charles Revson - Find Quick Results Now | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Charles Revson



Search for Charles Revson. Find Charles Revson Now!




Searches related tocharles revson



charles revson family


charles revson ultima ii


charles revson lynn revson


charles revson biography



charles revson products


lyn revson


peter revson


charles revson 1970 love bracelet




Web Results

Charles Revson - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Revson


Charles Haskell Revson (October 11, 1906 – August 24, 1975) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was best known as a pioneering cosmetics industry ...


Charles H. Revson | American businessman | Britannica.com

https://www.britannica.com/biography/Charles-H-Revson


Charles H. Revson: Oct. 11, 1906 Boston Aug. 24, 1975 New York City American businessman who turned a $300 investment into the largest retail cosmetics and fragrance ...


The Charles H. Revson Foundation

revsonfoundation.org


The Charles H. Revson Foundation operates grant programs in Urban Affairs, Jewish Life, Biomedical Research, and Education.


charles revson | eBay

https://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html?_nkw=charles+revson


Find great deals on eBay for charles revson and charles revson bracelet. Shop with confidence.


Amazon.com: Charles Revson

https://www.amazon.com/Charles-Revson/s?ie=UTF8&page=1&rh=i:aps,k...


Fire and Ice : The Story of Charles Revson, the Man Who Built theRevlon Empire 1st edition by Tobias, Andrew (1976) Hardcover 1709


Charles Revson Quotes - BrainyQuote

www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/c/charles_revson.html


Enjoy the best Charles Revson Quotes at BrainyQuote. Quotations by Charles Revson, Canadian Businessman, Born October 11, 1906. Share with your friends.


Charles H. Revson Foundation - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_H._Revson_Foundation


The Charles H. Revson Foundation was founded in 1956 by Charles H. Revson, the founding President of Revlon Cosmetics as a vehicle for his charitable giving.


Charles revson | Etsy

https://www.etsy.com/search?q=charles+revson


Shop for charles revson on Etsy, the place to express your creativity through the buying and selling of handmade and vintage goods.


Charles Revson | New Hampshire

www.newhampshire.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/99999999/NEW...


'Look kiddie. I built this business by being a bastard. I run it by being a bastard. I'll always be a bastard, and don't you ever try to change me.' - Charles Revson ...


Charles Revson (1906 - 1975) - Genealogy - geni family tree

https://www.geni.com/people/Charles-Revson/6000000012988505229


Genealogy for Charles Revson (1906 - 1975) family tree on Geni, with over 170 million profiles of ancestors and living relatives.










Charles Revson at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





We Found Charles Revson | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



Get Cell Phone, Address, Pic & More Charles Revson's Info - Look Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





Charles Revson - Find Quick Results Now | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Charles Revson



Search for Charles Revson. Find Charles Revson Now!



Searches related tocharles revson



charles revson family


charles revson ultima ii


charles revson lynn revson


charles revson biography



charles revson products


lyn revson


peter revson


charles revson 1970 love bracelet




12345Next






Answers







Charles Revson



Charles Haskell Revson (October 11, 1906 – August 24, 1975) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was best known as a pioneering cosmetics...

more






Charles H. Revson Foundation



The Charles H. Revson Foundation was founded in 1956 by Charles H. Revson, the founding President of Revlon Cosmetics as a vehicle for his charitable...

more






Peter Revson



the son of Julie (née Phelps) (1914–2000) and Martin Revson (1910–2016). The nephew of Revlon Cosmetics industry magnate Charles Revson (1906–1975),...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














charles revson - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Charles Revson at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





We Found Charles Revson | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



Get Cell Phone, Address, Pic & More Charles Revson's Info - Look Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





Charles Revson - Find Quick Results Now | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Charles Revson



Search for Charles Revson. Find Charles Revson Now!




Searches related tocharles revson



charles revson family


charles revson ultima ii


charles revson lynn revson


charles revson biography



charles revson products


lyn revson


peter revson


charles revson 1970 love bracelet




Web Results

Charles Revson - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Revson


Charles Haskell Revson (October 11, 1906 – August 24, 1975) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was best known as a pioneering cosmetics industry ...


Charles H. Revson | American businessman | Britannica.com

https://www.britannica.com/biography/Charles-H-Revson


Charles H. Revson: Oct. 11, 1906 Boston Aug. 24, 1975 New York City American businessman who turned a $300 investment into the largest retail cosmetics and fragrance ...


The Charles H. Revson Foundation

revsonfoundation.org


The Charles H. Revson Foundation operates grant programs in Urban Affairs, Jewish Life, Biomedical Research, and Education.


charles revson | eBay

https://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html?_nkw=charles+revson


Find great deals on eBay for charles revson and charles revson bracelet. Shop with confidence.


Amazon.com: Charles Revson

https://www.amazon.com/Charles-Revson/s?ie=UTF8&page=1&rh=i:aps,k...


Fire and Ice : The Story of Charles Revson, the Man Who Built theRevlon Empire 1st edition by Tobias, Andrew (1976) Hardcover 1709


Charles Revson Quotes - BrainyQuote

www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/c/charles_revson.html


Enjoy the best Charles Revson Quotes at BrainyQuote. Quotations by Charles Revson, Canadian Businessman, Born October 11, 1906. Share with your friends.


Charles H. Revson Foundation - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_H._Revson_Foundation


The Charles H. Revson Foundation was founded in 1956 by Charles H. Revson, the founding President of Revlon Cosmetics as a vehicle for his charitable giving.


Charles revson | Etsy

https://www.etsy.com/search?q=charles+revson


Shop for charles revson on Etsy, the place to express your creativity through the buying and selling of handmade and vintage goods.


Charles Revson | New Hampshire

www.newhampshire.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/99999999/NEW...


'Look kiddie. I built this business by being a bastard. I run it by being a bastard. I'll always be a bastard, and don't you ever try to change me.' - Charles Revson ...


Charles Revson (1906 - 1975) - Genealogy - geni family tree

https://www.geni.com/people/Charles-Revson/6000000012988505229


Genealogy for Charles Revson (1906 - 1975) family tree on Geni, with over 170 million profiles of ancestors and living relatives.










Charles Revson at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





We Found Charles Revson | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



Get Cell Phone, Address, Pic & More Charles Revson's Info - Look Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





Charles Revson - Find Quick Results Now | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Charles Revson



Search for Charles Revson. Find Charles Revson Now!



Searches related tocharles revson



charles revson family


charles revson ultima ii


charles revson lynn revson


charles revson biography



charles revson products


lyn revson


peter revson


charles revson 1970 love bracelet




12345Next






Answers







Charles Revson



Charles Haskell Revson (October 11, 1906 – August 24, 1975) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was best known as a pioneering cosmetics...

more






Charles H. Revson Foundation



The Charles H. Revson Foundation was founded in 1956 by Charles H. Revson, the founding President of Revlon Cosmetics as a vehicle for his charitable...

more






Peter Revson



the son of Julie (née Phelps) (1914–2000) and Martin Revson (1910–2016). The nephew of Revlon Cosmetics industry magnate Charles Revson (1906–1975),...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














charles revson - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Charles Revson - Find Quick Results Now | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Charles Revson



Search for Charles Revson. Find Charles Revson!




We Found Charles Revson | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



Get Cell Phone, Address, Pic & More Charles Revson's Info - Look Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





Charles Revson at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards





Searches related tocharles revson



charles revson family


charles revson ultima ii


charles revson lynn revson


charles revson biography



charles revson products


lyn revson


peter revson


charles revson 1970 love bracelet




Web Results

Charles Revson - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Revson


Charles Haskell Revson (October 11, 1906 – August 24, 1975) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was best known as a pioneering cosmetics industry ...


Charles H. Revson | American businessman | Britannica.com

https://www.britannica.com/biography/Charles-H-Revson


Charles H. Revson: Oct. 11, 1906 Boston Aug. 24, 1975 New York City American businessman who turned a $300 investment into the largest retail cosmetics and fragrance ...


The Charles H. Revson Foundation

revsonfoundation.org


The Charles H. Revson Foundation operates grant programs in Urban Affairs, Jewish Life, Biomedical Research, and Education.


charles revson | eBay

https://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html?_nkw=charles+revson


Find great deals on eBay for charles revson and charles revson bracelet. Shop with confidence.


Amazon.com: Charles Revson

https://www.amazon.com/Charles-Revson/s?ie=UTF8&page=1&rh=i:aps,k...


Fire and Ice : The Story of Charles Revson, the Man Who Built theRevlon Empire 1st edition by Tobias, Andrew (1976) Hardcover 1709


Charles Revson Quotes - BrainyQuote

www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/c/charles_revson.html


Enjoy the best Charles Revson Quotes at BrainyQuote. Quotations by Charles Revson, Canadian Businessman, Born October 11, 1906. Share with your friends.


Charles H. Revson Foundation - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_H._Revson_Foundation


The Charles H. Revson Foundation was founded in 1956 by Charles H. Revson, the founding President of Revlon Cosmetics as a vehicle for his charitable giving.


Charles revson | Etsy

https://www.etsy.com/search?q=charles+revson


Shop for charles revson on Etsy, the place to express your creativity through the buying and selling of handmade and vintage goods.


Charles Revson | New Hampshire

www.newhampshire.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/99999999/NEW...


'Look kiddie. I built this business by being a bastard. I run it by being a bastard. I'll always be a bastard, and don't you ever try to change me.' - Charles Revson ...


Charles Revson (1906 - 1975) - Genealogy - geni family tree

https://www.geni.com/people/Charles-Revson/6000000012988505229


Genealogy for Charles Revson (1906 - 1975) family tree on Geni, with over 170 million profiles of ancestors and living relatives.










Charles Revson - Find Quick Results Now | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Charles Revson



Search for Charles Revson. Find Charles Revson!




We Found Charles Revson | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



Get Cell Phone, Address, Pic & More Charles Revson's Info - Look Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





Charles Revson at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Searches related tocharles revson



charles revson family


charles revson ultima ii


charles revson lynn revson


charles revson biography



charles revson products


lyn revson


peter revson


charles revson 1970 love bracelet




12345Next






Answers







Charles Revson



Charles Haskell Revson (October 11, 1906 – August 24, 1975) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was best known as a pioneering cosmetics...

more






Charles H. Revson Foundation



The Charles H. Revson Foundation was founded in 1956 by Charles H. Revson, the founding President of Revlon Cosmetics as a vehicle for his charitable...

more






Peter Revson



the son of Julie (née Phelps) (1914–2000) and Martin Revson (1910–2016). The nephew of Revlon Cosmetics industry magnate Charles Revson (1906–1975),...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.













charles revson - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Schwab Seattle | schwab.com



Ad
 ·
www.schwab.com



Find A Charles Schwab Branch Near You And Schedule A Visit Today.





Plan For Your Retirement



Brokerage Account



Intelligent Portfolios




Portfolio Management



Schwab Bank Checking



Announcing $4.95 Trades





Charles Revson at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





Charles Revson - Find Quick Results Now | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Charles Revson



Search for Charles Revson. Find Charles Revson!















Charles Revson




Charles Haskell Revson (October 11, 1906 – August 24, 1975) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was best known as a pioneering cosmetics industry executive who created

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Charles Revson - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Charles_Revson


Charles Haskell Revson (October 11, 1906 – August 24, 1975) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was best known as a pioneering cosmetics industry ...


Charles H. Revson Foundation - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Charles_H._Revson_Foundation


The Charles H. Revson Foundation was founded in 1956 by Charles H. Revson, the founding President of Revlon Cosmetics as a vehicle for his charitable giving.


Being Gay in the World of Mad, Mad Men: What It Was Really ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/david-leddick/being-gay-in-the-world-of-mad...


It was headed by Charles Revson, ... Being Gay in the World of Mad, Mad Men: What It Was Really Like. 350. ABOUT US;


Peter Revson - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Peter_Revson


Peter Revson was born in New York City, the son of Julie (née Phelps) (1914–2000) and Martin Revson (1910–2016). [1] Revvie was a fabulous easy-going guy, fitted ...


Andrew Tobias - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Andrew_Tobias


He parlayed his writings and advice into success in the software industry with his Andrew Tobias's Managing Your Money financial ... The Charles Revson/Revlon ...


5 of the Biggest Bastards in the History of Business - AOL

https://www.aol.com/photos/5-biggest-bastards-in-the-history-of...


According to "100 Great Businesses and The Minds Behind Them," Charles Revson, founder of Revlon, once chided an employee: "Look, kiddie, I built this business by ...


Ultima II (cosmetics line) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Ultima_II_(cosmetics_line)


ULTIMA II (cosmetics line) is a cosmetics and skin care line ... Revlon founder Charles Revson created the Charles Revson Inc. company in 1962 as the vehicle for ...


Premium Point, New Rochelle - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Premium_Point,_New_Rochelle


Premium Point, New Rochelle. Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Premium_Point,_New_Rochelle ... Charles Revson, founder of Revlon ; Norman Rockwell, artist


Julie Sandorf | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/author/julie-sandorf


Julie Sandorf has served as president of the Charles H. Revson Foundation since January 2008. Previously, she was a co-founder and executive director of Nextbook and ...


War Paint (musical) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/War_Paint_(musical)


War Paint is a musical with book by Doug Wright, music by Scott Frankel, and lyrics by Michael Korie, based both on Lindy Woodhead's 2004 book War Paint and on the ...










Schwab Seattle | schwab.com



Ad
 ·
www.schwab.com



Find A Charles Schwab Branch Near You And Schedule A Visit Today.





Plan For Your Retirement



Brokerage Account



Intelligent Portfolios




Portfolio Management



Schwab Bank Checking



Announcing $4.95 Trades





Charles Revson at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





Charles Revson - Find Quick Results Now | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Charles Revson



Search for Charles Revson. Find Charles Revson!



Searches related tocharles revson



charles revson family


charles revson ultima ii


charles revson lynn revson


charles revson biography



charles revson products


lyn revson


peter revson


charles revson 1970 love bracelet




12345Next

Related Searches



charles revson family


charles revson ultima ii


charles revson lynn revson


charles revson biography


charles revson products


lyn revson


peter revson


charles revson 1970 love bracelet




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








