

The Dynamics of Leveraged and Inverse Exchange-Traded Funds by Minder  Cheng, Ananth  Madhavan :: SSRN

































REGISTER
SIGN IN






Email

This field is required
Password

This field is required

Sign in


Remember me

Forgot ID or Password?

Register now 




Public User






Your Account
User Home
Personal Info
Affiliations
Subscriptions
My Papers
My Briefcase
Sign out







Public User


















Advanced Search







































 Not Available for Download
		

		Share:
		












Permalink
Using the URL or DOI link below will ensure access to this page indefinitely


Copy URL



Copy URL













The Dynamics of Leveraged and Inverse Exchange-Traded Funds

Journal Of Investment Management (JOIM), Fourth Quarter 2009


Posted: 19 Jan 2010
Last revised: 3 Jun 2010


Minder  Cheng BlackRock, Inc.Ananth  Madhavan BlackRock, Inc.

Date Written: January 19, 2010

Abstract
Leveraged and inverse Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) have attracted significant assets lately. Unlike traditional ETFs, these funds have “leverage” explicitly embedded as part of their product design. While these funds are primarily used by short-term traders, they are gaining popularity with individual investors placing leveraged bets or hedging their portfolios. The structure of these funds, however, creates both intended and unintended characteristics that are not seen in traditional ETFs. This note provides a unified framework to better understand the underlying dynamics of leveraged and inverse ETFs, their impact on market volatility and liquidity, unusual features of their product design, and questions of investor suitability. We show that the daily re-leveraging of these funds can exacerbate volatility towards the close. We also show that the gross return of a leveraged or inverse ETF has an embedded path-dependent option that under certain conditions can lead to value destruction for a buy-and-hold investor. The unsuitability of these products for longer-term investors is reinforced by the drag on returns from high transaction costs and tax inefficiency. 



Keywords: Leveraged and inverse ETFs, market microstructure
JEL Classification: G00

Suggested Citation:
Suggested Citation

Cheng, Minder and Madhavan, Ananth, The Dynamics of Leveraged and Inverse Exchange-Traded Funds (January 19, 2010). Journal Of Investment Management (JOIM), Fourth Quarter 2009. Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=1539120





Minder  Cheng  (Contact Author)

BlackRock, Inc.  ( email )

400 Howard StreetSan Francisco, CA  94105United States




Ananth  Madhavan 

BlackRock, Inc.  ( email )

400 Howard StreetSan Francisco, CA  94105United States







 Not Available for Download
		





Paper statistics


Abstract Views
     3,725






Related eJournals


Risk Management eJournal

Follow





Risk Management eJournal

											Subscribe to this fee journal for more curated articles on this topic
										



													FOLLOWERS
												

													     4,794
												



													PAPERS
												

													    11,616
												



This Journal is curated by:
Jacob Boudoukh at Affiliation not provided to SSRN, Robert Sales at Global Association of Risk Professionals






Mutual Funds, Hedge Funds, & Investment Industry eJournal

Follow





Mutual Funds, Hedge Funds, & Investment Industry eJournal

											Subscribe to this fee journal for more curated articles on this topic
										



													FOLLOWERS
												

													     1,326
												



													PAPERS
												

													     8,263
												



This Journal is curated by:
René M. Stulz at Ohio State University (OSU) - Department of Finance, G. William Schwert at University of Rochester - Simon Business School







Microeconomics: General Equilibrium & Disequilibrium Models of Financial Markets eJournal

Follow





Microeconomics: General Equilibrium & Disequilibrium Models of Financial Markets eJournal

											Subscribe to this fee journal for more curated articles on this topic
										



													FOLLOWERS
												

													      434
												



													PAPERS
												

													     7,372
												








 







Feedback



Feedback to SSRN


Feedback (required)



Email (required)





If you need immediate assistance, call 877-SSRNHelp (877 777 6435) in the United States, or +1 585 442 8170 outside of the United States, 8:30AM to 6:00PM U.S. Eastern, Monday - Friday.

















					Submit a Paper
					

Section 508 Text Only Pages


Quick Links 

Research Paper Series
Conference Papers
Partners in Publishing
Organization Homepages
Newsletter Sign Up



Rankings 

Top Papers
Top Authors
Top Organizations



About 

SSRN Objectives
Network Directors
Presidential Letter
Announcements
Contact us
FAQs

















Copyright
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy


Cookies are used by this site. To decline or learn more, visit our Cookies page.
					


This page was processed by apollo3 in   0.141 seconds 
















 










Minder Cheng - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Minder Cheng
Board Member at Investment Technology Group, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Minder Cheng? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Minder Cheng's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Minder Cheng's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Minder Cheng's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Minder Cheng through your network of contacts.
												








Minder Cheng's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Investment Technology Group, Inc.


Past
To view Minder Cheng's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 M.B.A., 
															University of California - Berkeley


Age
53

 
 


Minder Cheng's Biography



Minder Cheng has been Chair of our Board of Directors since January 2016 and a director since November 2010. In October 2014, Mr. Cheng co-founded, and is a Managing Member of ThirdStream Partners, LLC, a private investment company. Mr. Cheng also currently serves as a Senior Advisor at Executive Networks, an executive peer electronic network, and an Advisor at Armanta, Inc., an integrated business intelligence platform. In addition, Mr. Cheng is Chair of the board of directors of MediaCrossing Inc., an independent digital media trading company, where he has served on the board since January 2013. From December 2009 until July 2010, Mr. Cheng ...
(Read More)

			Minder Cheng has been Chair of our Board of Directors since January 2016 and a director since November 2010. In October 2014, Mr. Cheng co-founded, and is a Managing Member of ThirdStream Partners, LLC, a private investment company. Mr. Cheng also currently serves as a Senior Advisor at Executive Networks, an executive peer electronic network, and an Advisor at Armanta, Inc., an integrated business intelligence platform. In addition, Mr. Cheng is Chair of the board of directors of MediaCrossing Inc., an independent digital media trading company, where he has served on the board since January 2013. From December 2009 until July 2010, Mr. Cheng served as Chief Investment Officer for Index Equity and Capital Markets globally at BlackRock Inc. ("BlackRock"). Mr. Cheng joined BlackRock at the time of its 2009 merger with Barclays Global Investors ("BGI"), where he worked in a variety of capacities for the prior 10 years. Most recently, from May 2008 until December 2009, Mr. Cheng served as Chief Investment Officer of BGI's Equity and Capital Markets division worldwide. In addition, from July 2000 to May 2008, he held several other key positions at BGI, including Chief Investment Officer for active equity products and Global Head of Trading. Prior to BGI, Mr. Cheng held research, strategy and proprietary trading roles at Convergence Asset Management in Connecticut, Sumitomo Finance International in London, Salomon Brothers in Tokyo and the NYSE in New York. Mr. Cheng brings to our Board valuable insights on market structure as well as the priorities and challenges facing our major clients and a keen perspective on the Asia Pacific marketplace, together with his deep understanding of boards of directors.
		
Source: Investment Technology Group, Inc. on 04/25/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Minder Cheng's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Minder Cheng. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Minder Cheng's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Minder Cheng's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Minder Cheng through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Minder Cheng


















Minder Cheng's Connections (44)





Sign up now to view Minder Cheng's 44 connections »









David J. Stevens
Former Managing Director and Head, U.S. and Latin America Sales and Trading, Investment Technology Group, Inc.









Robert J. Boardman
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, European Operations, Investment Technology Group, Inc.









Nicholas Thadaney
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Global Equity Capital Markets, TMX Group Limited









Steven S. Wood
Board Member, Investment Technology Group, Inc.









James P. Selway
Managing Director and Head, U.S. Execution Services, Investment Technology Group, Inc.









Christopher J. Heckman
Former Managing Director and Head, U.S. Sales and Trading, Investment Technology Group, Inc.









William S. Geyer
Former Managing Director and Head, Workflow Technology, Investment Technology Group, Inc.









Michael V. Marrale
Former Managing Director and Head, U.S. Research, Sales and Trading, Investment Technology Group, Inc.









Steven R. Vigliotti
Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer, Investment Technology Group, Inc.









T. Kelley Millet
Former President and Director, MarketAxess Holdings Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















MIS 310: Management Information Systems (MIS)





Syllabus Share 
      [ Readings | Video | Assignments | Software | Announcements] 

      MIS    310: Management Information Systems (Spring 2017)




                Instructor:      Dr. Minder Chen, 
                Professor of MIS 

                  Class Location: Smith Decision Center 1908
                      
                  Class time: Wed. 6:00 pm to 8:45 pm


Email: Minder.Chen@csuci.edu 
                Phone number: 805-437-2683
Office Location:  Sage Hall 2027
              Course website: http://faculty.csuci.edu/minder.chen/mis310/



                Office Hours: Mon 1:30-3:00 p.m. & Wednesday 4:30 p.m. – 6:00 p.m. 
Students should      contact me by email at minder.chen@csuci.edu to make an appointment 
                in advance.  



Course    Description 
        This course examines the applications of    computer-based information systems to the management of organizations. Topics    include use of information to further the organization�s mission and    strategy, the role of users, the architecture of information and development    of decision-support processes for managers. Technologies and tools such as    HTML, database, and spreadsheet will be taught. 
 

Justification    and Requirements for the Course

        This is a required course for    the Bachelor of Science in Business degree. An understanding of the role of    information technology systems is essential for students of business. The    course will use cases, projects, and in-class exercises to illustrate the use    of technology to address problems and opportunities in business    organizations. This course will provide business students with the knowledge,    skills, and abilities to manage information technology systems effectively.    It will also prepare students to formulate and execute IT policies,    strategies, plans and procedures. 
        Prerequisite: COMP 101 or    equivalent 
        

Reference Textbook: 
      John Gallaugher, Information Systems: A Manager's Guide to Harnessing Technology, v. 4.0 at  https://students.flatworldknowledge.com/course/2515767 Getting the cheapest online book $24 will be sufficient. 

Learning Objectives: 

        Upon  completion of the course, the student will be able to*:

Explain  in writing the role of  information in  management, strategy, tactics, and operations (1,3,5)
Describe  in writing emergent information technologies and software. (3,5)
Describe  in writing ethical and social issues relating to information systems. (3,4,5)
Identify,  conceptualize, and develop solutions as a group for successful information systems management and present them orally  and in writing. (1,2,3,5,6)

*  Aligns with Program Learning Outcomes for: 1) Critical thinking, 2) Oral  communication,  3) Written  Communication,  4)  Conduct (Ethics),  5) Competencies in discipline,  6) Collaboration; You will be assessed formally on your oral communication based on the following rubric from Association of American Colleges & Universities at aacu.org Your final group project will be used for the oral communication assessment. All students are requried to participated in the group project presentation.  

Schedule 



Date 
Topics 
Comments 


1/25

*Introduction         to MIS (slides) 
Technology         and Modern Enterprise
Does         IT Matter? (slides) (Reading) 

Chapter    1 (slides); Read reading #1 (Information as resource)
      Slides:MIS Job


2/1

*HTML         and Web Site Creation (Slides; video) (FTP Slides) (Hands-On WorkingZipFile)

Chapter 16
Assignment 1 announced 


2/8

*Strategy         and Technology (Slides; video)
Zara         Case Study (Chapter 3; Case Study Slide Final) 

Chapter    2 & 3, 6 (Disruptive Technologies)
Assignment    1 2/15


2/15

Internet         and Telecommunication
*Electronic         Commerce (slides) 
*Business         models (slides)

Chapter    4(NetFlex), 7(Amazon), 8, 10, 16
Group Project Sample Report


2/22

Electronic         Commerce
Case         Study: NetFlix (Chapter 4)
Case         Study: Amazon (Chapter 7)
Case         Study: Rent The Runway (Chapter 12)
Network         Effects 

Chapter    4 (Netflix), 7 (Amazon), 8 (Network Effect), 12(Rent-The-Runway),


3/1

*Web         2.0 (slides)
*Internet         Marketing (slides)
Search         Engine Optimization (slides, Tallwave fact sheet, case study)
"Social Network Marketing (pdf)", Mr.         Erik Tarkiaine, VP of Marketing Communications, www.line6.com
Watch online video lecture on Web User         Interface design, (slides) - optional 

Chapter    9 (Web2.0), 10 (Share Econ.) Read about SEO


3/8

Case         Study: Google (Chapter 16) 
Case         Study: Facebook (Chapter 11)

Chapter    11(Facebook), 18 (Google); 



3/15

Midterm         Exam (study guide) [3/15]
Data         modeling and Database design (**slides) 
SQL         and Database (SQL **Slides & Sample Database) 

Assignment 2 Due 4/11 **Northwind database for Assignment 2, Video    Guide for the assignment ] Chapter 15


3/22
Spring Break 



3/29

Access         Hands-on Session (Access Video Demo)
Using         Access Forms & Report to Build an Application (Access Video Demo)




4/5

Business         Process Reengineering (Slides) 
Business         Process Management (Slides for INNOV8, BPM video; Exercise: Analyzing a process; Simulation; Glossary ) 
Visio         for Process Modeling (Hands-on) (Mac User only) 
Use         Case Diagram (Slides, Notes)

 


4/12

**Excel Lab Session
Vdeo: Automated Storytelling (video; article)         Humanizing the "big" data.
Using         Excel for Infograophics (video) (excercise file, image)
Which         Chart or Graph Is Right for you (link)

Assignment 3 announced (Due 4/26) Excel file for assignment


4/19

Data         Warehouse and Business Intelligence (Intro. slides **DW Slides) (zipped data warehouse in Access) 
Big         Data (Ted Talk: Big data is better data video) (Lynda.com Techniques and Concepts         of Big Data with Barton Poulson video)

Chapter    15


4/26

E-Business:         Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) (**Slides - excluding CRM partion) 
View the Online Lecture (ERP) 
E-Business:         Customer Relationship Management (CRM) 

Chapter    13 
Assignment 3 Due (4/26) 


5/3

**Building Information Systems & IT Project (including         "testing")
Moore's         Law (Chapter 5)
SCRUM         (slides)

Chapter    5, 14 


5/10

Enterprise         Architecture & IT Infrastructure & Cloud Computing (*slides; including Moore's Law) 
Ethics         in Information Systems (readings)
Collaboration         Tools (slides) 
Mobile         Computing Shootout (slides)
Group Project Presentation 
Work breakdown structure & Peer evaluation form

Chapter    14, 17 (Security)
Final Group Project Report 
        Due on 5/12


5/17     (Final Exam.)

Study Guide for Final exam (materials         marked with **)
Final         Exam Wednesday 5/17; 7:00-9:00 PM

7:00 –    9:00 p.m. 


Grading    Information  

Class         participation (including attendance, classroom and online interactions):         10% 
3 Assignment         and 1 Group Project: 40% 
Midterm         exam: 25% 
Final         Exam: 25% 

Grading Scale  



              A 
 93 + 


 A - 
 90 -      92.99 


 B + 
 88 - 89.99     


 B  
 83 -      87.99  


 B - 
 80 -      82.99 


 C + 
 78 -      79.99 


 C  
 73 -      77.99  


C-
70 - 72.99


 D+ 
 68 -      69.99  


D
63 - 67.99


 F  
 60 - 62.99  


 F  
 60 <  



          Email Requirements 
        It is your responsibility to check your CSU email account regularly for    additional announcements and communications. All email communications to the    instructor should have the following subject heading: MIS310-0x    (x is your section number, e.g., MIS310-02 if you are in section 2) and then following by a    brief summary of the question such as Assignment 1 ftp upload question. 

          Readings 
Additional    reading materials will be assigned to complement the textbook. 

          Attendance 
        Attendances are required except for excused absences and advanced    notification of the instructor (see University    Policy) and attendances will be counted as part of your participation in    the class. 

          Equipment 
        You are required to have access to a PC either at home or on campus. The PC    should have adequate software products such as Microsoft Office and other    software recommended by the instructor.

          CSUCI Disability Statement 
        Cal State Channel Islands is committed to equal educational opportunities for    qualified students with disabilities in compliance with Section 504 of the    Federal Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act    (ADA) of 1990. The mission of Disability Accommodation Services is to assist    students with disabilities to realize their academic and personal potential.    Students with physical, learning, or other disabilities are encouraged to    contact the Disability Accommodation Services office at (805) 437-8510 for    personal assistance and accommodations. 

          Academic honesty 
        Academic honest is expected by all the students in this class. Any academic    dishonesty will not be tolerated. Academic dishonesty includes such things as    cheating, inventing false information or citations, plagiarism and helping    someone else commit an act of academic dishonesty. It usually involves an    attempt by a student to show possession of a level of knowledge or skill that    he/she does not possess. Students in this course should abide by Policy on    Academic Dishonesty at http://senate.csuci.edu/policies/2002-2003/SP02-01.pdf

          Disclaimer 
        The syllabus is subject to change to reflect new materials, assignments, and    background of students. Students should check the online version of the    syllabus frequently. 




Minder  Cheng, Global Chief Investment Officer, Active Equities, , Global Head - Equity, Currency Trading, Barclays Global Investors NA














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Minder Cheng 





 


Minder Cheng

 

Global Chief Investment Officer, Active Equities, , Global Head - Equity, Currency Trading - Barclays Global Investors NA

 


Minder Cheng Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Barclays Global Investors NA 

 

Company Website : 
www.barclaysglobal.com 

 

Company Address : 
45 Fremont St., San Francisco, CA,United States, 


 


Minder Cheng Profile :
Global Chief Investment Officer, Active Equities, , Global Head - Equity, Currency Trading - Barclays Global Investors NA 

 


Minder Cheng Biography :


Global Chief Investment Officer, Active Equities, and Global Head of Equity and Currency TradingMinder Cheng is responsible for BGI's active equity products managed globally. He also has overall responsibility for BGI?s equity and foreign exchange trading activities worldwide. Minder is a member of BGI's Executive Committee. Prior to joining BGI in 1999, he held roles as senior strategist, proprietary trader, and research analyst at Convergence Asset Management, Sumitomo Finance International, Salomon Brothers, and the New York Stock Exchange. His direct trading, investment, and research experience covers equity, fixed income, foreign exchange, futures, and derivatives in the US and international markets. Minder received his PhD in finance and MBA from the University of California at Berkeley, and his BA from National Taiwan University in Taipei, Taiwan. 

 


Minder Cheng Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Marie Chandoha 
Head - US Fixed Income Business 
Please login 


Naozer Dadachanji 
Global COO - Active Equities 
Please login 


Michael Latham 
Head - Americas Exchange, Traded Products Business, MD 
Please login 


Chris McCrum 
Global Head - Human Resources 
Please login 


J. Parsons 
Dir. - Sales, Intermediary, ETF Business, MD 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.





Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence Dr. Minder Chen Fall ppt download




















Upload

Log in








My presentations
Profile
Feedback
Log out









Search

























Log in












Log in

Auth with social network: 











Registration
Forgot your password?









Download presentation



We think you have liked this presentation. If you wish to download it, please recommend it to your friends in any social system. Share buttons are a little bit lower. Thank you!
Buttons:




























Cancel
Download






 























 Presentation is loading. Please wait.







































Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence Dr. Minder Chen Fall 2008.
Published by
Modified over 2 years ago


































Embed




Download presentation















 Copy to clipboard
















Similar presentations                            


More



Presentation on theme: "Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence Dr. Minder Chen Fall 2008."— Presentation transcript:




1

        Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence Dr. Minder Chen Minder.Chen@CSUCI.EDU Fall 2008







2

        Data Warehouse - 2 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Online Resources Additional resources: –Teradata Student Network. »The Premier Learning Resource for Data Warehousing, DSS/BI, and Database. The URL is http://www.teradatastudentnetwork.com http://www.teradatastudentnetwork.com »PSW: smartdecisions







3

        Data Warehouse - 3 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 BI Business Intelligence (BI) is the process of gathering meaningful information to answer questions and identify significant trends or patterns, giving key stakeholders the ability to make better business decisions. “The key in business is to know something that nobody else knows.” -- Aristotle Onassis PHOTO: HULTON-DEUTSCH COLLHULTON-DEUTSCH COLL “To understand is to perceive patterns.” — Sir Isaiah Berlin "The manager asks how and when, the leader asks what and why. " — “ On Becoming a Leader” by Warren Bennis







4

        Data Warehouse - 4 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 BI Questions What happened? –What were our total sales this month? What’s happening? – Are our sales going up or down, trend analysis Why? –Why have sales gone down? What will happen? –Forecasting & “What If” Analysis What do I want to happen? –Planning & Targets Source: Bill Baker, Microsoft







5

        Data Warehouse - 5 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Increasing potential to support business decisions (MIS) End User Business Analyst Data Analyst DBA Making Decisions Data Presentation Visualization Techniques Data Mining Information Discovery Data Exploration OLAP, MDA, Statistical Analysis, Querying and Reporting Data Warehouses / Data Marts Data Sources (Paper, Files, Information Providers, Database Systems, OLTP) Business Intelligence







6

        Data Warehouse - 6 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Where is Business Intelligence applied? ERP Reporting KPI Tracking Product Profitability Risk Management Balanced Scorecard Activity Based Costing Global Sourcing Logistics Sales Analysis Sales Forecasting Segmentation Cross-selling CRM Analytics Campaign Planning Customer Profitability Operational EfficiencyCustomer Interaction







7

        Data Warehouse - 7 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008







8

        Data Warehouse - 8 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Inmon's Definition of Data Warehouse – Data View A warehouse is a –subject-oriented, –integrated, –time-variant and –non-volatile collection of data in support of management's decision making process. –Bill Inmon in 1990 Source: http://www.intranetjournal.com/features/datawarehousing.html







9

        Data Warehouse - 9 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Inmon's Definition Explain Subject-oriented: They are organized around major subjects such as customer, supplier, product, and sales. Data warehouses focus on modeling and analysis to support planning and management decisions v.s. operations and transaction processing. Integrated: Data warehouses involve an integration of sources such as relational databases, flat files, and on- line transaction records. Processes such as data cleansing and data scrubbing achieve data consistency in naming conventions, encoding structures, and attribute measures. Time-variant: Data contained in the warehouse provide information from an historical perspective. Nonvolatile: Data contained in the warehouse are physically separate from data present in the operational environment.







10

        Data Warehouse - 10 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Kimball's Definition – Process View A data warehouse is a system that extracts, cleans, conforms, and delivers source data into a dimensional data store and then supports and implements querying and analysis for the purpose of decision making. »Ralph Kimball







11

        Data Warehouse - 11 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008







12

        Data Warehouse - 12 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 The Data Warehouse Process Data Marts and cubes DataWarehouse SourceSystems Clients Design the PopulateCreateQuery Data Warehouse Data WarehouseOLAP CubesData Design the PopulateCreateQuery Data Warehouse Data WarehouseOLAP CubesData 34 Query Tools ReportingAnalysis Data Mining 21







13

        Data Warehouse - 13 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Key Concepts in BI Development Lifecycle







14

        Data Warehouse - 14 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Business Valuation Models for BI







15

        Data Warehouse - 15 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Performance Dashboards for Information Delivery







16

        Data Warehouse - 16 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Scorecards for Information Delivery







17

        Data Warehouse - 17 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 OLTP Normalized Design Ordering Process Ware- house POS Process Chain Retailer Retailer Returns Retailer Payments Store Product Brand GL Account Clerk Retail Cust Cash Register Retail Promo







18

        Data Warehouse - 18 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 OLTP Versus Business Intelligence: Who asks what? OLTP Questions When did that order ship? How many units are in inventory? Does this customer have unpaid bills? Are any of customer X’s line items on backorder? Analysis Questions What factors affect order processing time? How did each product line (or product) contribute to profit last quarter? Which products have the lowest Gross Margin? What is the value of items on backorder, and is it trending up or down over time?







19

        Data Warehouse - 19 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 OLTP vs. OLAP Source: http://www.rainmakerworks.com/pdfdocs/OLTP_vs_OLAP.pdf#search=%22OLTP%20vs.%20OLAP%22http://www.rainmakerworks.com/pdfdocs/OLTP_vs_OLAP.pdf#search=%22OLTP%20vs.%20OLAP%22







20

        Data Warehouse - 20 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Dimensional Design Process Select the business process to model Declare the grain of the business process/data in the fact table Choose the dimensions that apply to each fact table row Identify the numeric facts that will populate each fact table row Business Requirements Data Realities







21

        Data Warehouse - 21 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Select a business process to model Not business departments or business functions Cross-functional business processes Business events Examples: –Raw materials purchasing –Order fulfillment process –Shipments –Invoicing –Inventory –General ledger







22

        Data Warehouse - 22 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Requirements







23

        Data Warehouse - 23 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Identifying Measures and Dimensions The attribute varies continuously: Balance Unit Sold Cost Sales The attribute is perceived as a constant or discrete value: Description Location Color Size DimensionsMeasures Performance Measures for KPI Performance Drivers







24

        Data Warehouse - 24 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 A Dimensional Model for a Grocery Store Sales







25

        Data Warehouse - 25 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Product Dimension SKU: Stock Keeping Unit Hierarchy: –Department  Category  Subcategory  Brand  Product







26

        Data Warehouse - 26 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Creating Dimensional Model Identify fact tables Translate business measures into fact tables Analyze source system information for additional measures Identify base and derived measures Document additivity of measures Identify dimension tables Link fact tables to the dimension tables Create views for users







27

        Data Warehouse - 27 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Transaction Level Order Item Fact Table







28

        Data Warehouse - 28 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Inside a Dimension Table Dimension table key: Uniquely identify each row. Use surrogate key (integer). Table is wide: A table may have many attributes (columns). Textual attributes. Descriptive attributes in string format. No numerical values for calculation. Attributes not directly related: E.g., product color and product package size. No transitive dependency. Not normalized (star schemar). Drilling down and rolling up along a dimension. One or more hierarchy within a dimension. Fewer number of records.







29

        Data Warehouse - 29 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Fact Tables Fact tables have the following characteristics: Contain numeric measures (metric) of the business May contain summarized (aggregated) data May contain date-stamped data Are typically additive Have key value that is typically a concatenated key composed of the primary keys of the dimensions Joined to dimension tables through foreign keys that reference primary keys in the dimension tables







30

        Data Warehouse - 30 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Facts Table DateID ProductID CustomerID Units Dollars Dimensions Measures The Fact Table contains keys and units of measure Measurements of business events.







31

        Data Warehouse - 31 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Snowflake SchemaSales Customers Dates Products Channels Promotions Brands







32

        Data Warehouse - 32 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Hierarchy







33

        Data Warehouse - 33 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 OLAP Solutions Data Warehouse/Data Mart Dimensions Measures Cubes Cells Gadgets Gizmos Thingies Widgets Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 US Europe Asia 130 135 140 142 205 390 350 475 175 230 190 250 310 340 410 450







34

        Data Warehouse - 34 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Operations in Multidimensional Data Model Aggregation (roll-up) –dimension reduction: e.g., total sales by city –summarization over aggregate hierarchy: e.g., total sales by city and year  total sales by region and by year Selection (slice) defines a subcube –e.g., sales where city = Palo Alto and date = 1/15/96 Navigation to detailed data (drill-down) –e.g., (sales - expense) by city, top 3% of cities by average income Visualization Operations (e.g., Pivot)







35

        Data Warehouse - 35 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 A Visual Operation: Pivot (Rotate)10 47 30 12 12 JuiceColaMilkCream NYLASF 3/1 3/2 3/3 3/4 Date Month Region Product







36

        Data Warehouse - 36 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Date Dimension of the Retail Sales Model







37

        Data Warehouse - 37 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Store Dimension It is not uncommon to represent multiple hierarchies in a dimension table. Ideally, the attribute names and values should be unique across the multiple hierarchies.







38

        Data Warehouse - 38 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Multidimensional Query Techniques What? Why? Slicing Dicing Drilling down Product Time Geography







39

        Data Warehouse - 39 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 ETL ETL = Extract, Transform, Load Moving data from production systems to DW Checking data integrity Assigning surrogate key values Collecting data from disparate systems Reorganizing data







40

        Data Warehouse - 40 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Pivot Table in Excel







41

        Data Warehouse - 41 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Data Quality Issues No common time basis Different calculation algorithms Different levels of extraction Different levels of granularity Different data field names Different data field meanings Missing information No data correction rules No drill-down capability







42

        Data Warehouse - 42 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Building The Warehouse Transforming Data







43

        Data Warehouse - 43 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 CUST # NAMEADDRESSTYPE 90238475 90233479 90233489 90234889 90345672 90328574 90328575 Digital Equipment Digital Digital Corp Digital Consulting Digital Info Service Digital Integration DEC 187 N. PARK St. Salem NH 01458 187 N. Pk. St. Salem NH 01458 187 N. Park St Salem NH 01458 187 N. Park Ave. Salem NH 01458 15 Main Street Andover MA 02341 PO Box 9 Boston MA 02210 Park Blvd. Boston MA 04106 OEM $#% Comp Consult Mail List SYS INT No Unique Key Noise in Blank Fields Spelling No StandardizationAnomalies How does one correctly identify and consolidate anomalies from millions of records? The Anomalies Nightmare







44

        Data Warehouse - 44 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 OLAP and Data Mining Address Different Types of Questions While reporting and OLAP are informative about past facts, only data mining can help you predict the future of your business. OLAP Data Mining What was the response rate to our mailing? What is the profile of people who are likely to respond to future mailings? How many units of our new product did we sell to our existing customers? Which existing customers are likely to buy our next new product? Who were my 10 best customers last year? Which 10 customers offer me the greatest profit potential? Which customers didn't renew their policies last month? Which customers are likely to switch to the competition in the next six months? Which customers defaulted on their loans? Is this customer likely to be a good credit risk? What were sales by region last quarter? What are expected sales by region next year? What percentage of the parts we produced yesterday are defective? What can I do to improve throughput and reduce scrap? Source: http://www.dmreview.com/editorial/dmreview/print_action.cfm?articleId=2367







45

        Data Warehouse - 45 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Use of Data Mining Customer profiling Market segmentation Buying pattern affinities Database marketing Credit scoring and risk analysis







46

        Data Warehouse - 46 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Associates Which items are purchased in a retail store at the same time?







47

        Data Warehouse - 47 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Sequential Patterns What is the likelihood that a customer will buy a product next month, if he buys a related item today?







48

        Data Warehouse - 48 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Classifications Determine customers’ buying patterns and then find other customers with similar attributes that may be targeted for a marketing campaign.







49

        Data Warehouse - 49 © Minder Chen, 2004-2008 Modeling Use factors, such as location, number of bedrooms, and square footage, to Determine the market value of a property










Download ppt "Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence Dr. Minder Chen Fall 2008."








Free ppt on loch ness monster
Ppt on project management training
Ppt on internet banking system project
Ppt on pelton turbine
Ppt on producers consumers and decomposers clip
Ppt on tcp/ip protocol layers explained
Ppt on change management process
Ppt on blood stain pattern analysis history
Ppt on solar energy usage
Download ppt on automatic street light system














Similar presentations            








Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence Dr. Minder Chen Fall 2009.












Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence Dr. Minder Chen Spring 2010.












Business Intelligence











Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence











DIMENSIONAL MODELLING. Overview Clearly understand how the requirements definition determines data design Introduce dimensional modeling and contrast.











Data Warehousing DSCI 4103 Dr. Mennecke Introduction and Chapter 1.











UNIT-II Principles of dimensional modeling












Data Warehousing.











The Concepts of Business Intelligence Microsoft® Business Intelligence Solutions.











Datawarehouse & Datamart OLAPs vs. OLTPs Dimensional Modeling Creating Physical Design Using SQL Mgt. Studio Module II: Designing Datamarts 1.











1 Reviewing Data Warehouse Basics. Lessons 1.Reviewing Data Warehouse Basics 2.Defining the Business and Logical Models 3.Creating the Dimensional Model.











October 28, Data Warehouse Architecture Data Sources Operational DBs other sources Analysis Query Reports Data mining Front-End Tools OLAP Engine.











The Need for Data Analysis 2 Managers track daily transactions to evaluate how the business is performing Strategies should be developed to meet organizational.











1 Data Warehouses BUAD/American University Data Warehouses.











CMPE 226 Database Systems October 21 Class Meeting Department of Computer Engineering San Jose State University Fall 2015 Instructor: Ron Mak











BY LECTURER/ AISHA DAWOOD DW Lab # 2. LAB EXERCISE #1 Oracle Data Warehousing Goal: Develop an application to implement defining subject area, design.











OLAP & DSS SUPPORT IN DATA WAREHOUSE By - Pooja Sinha Kaushalya Bakde.











Center of Excellence for IT at Bellevue College. IT-enabled business decision making based on simple to complex data analysis processes  Database development.











CSE6011 Warehouse Models & Operators  Data Models  relations  stars & snowflakes  cubes  Operators  slice & dice  roll-up, drill down  pivoting.











Ch3 Data Warehouse Dr. Bernard Chen Ph.D. University of Central Arkansas Fall 2009.












Similar presentations                                    















                    Presentation is loading. Please wait....
                    


                        OK


                                                            CSE6011 Warehouse Models & Operators  Data Models  relations  stars & snowflakes  cubes  Operators  slice & dice  roll-up, drill down  pivoting.                                                    











About project
SlidePlayer
Terms of Service


Feedback
Privacy Policy
Feedback


© 2017 SlidePlayer.com Inc. All rights reserved.







Search







Ads by Google















 




Minder Cheng | Flickr

















































new icn messageflickr-free-ic3d pan white














Explore


Recent Photos

Trending

Flickr VR

The Commons


Galleries


World Map


Camera Finder


The Weekly Flickr


Flickr Blog




Create




















Upload



Log In


Sign Up




Explore
Recent Photos
Trending
The Commons
Galleries
The Weekly Flickr
Flickr Blog










Save
Cancel
Drag to set position!













								Minder Cheng
						





Minder Cheng
651 Followers•425 Following


1,396 Photos
Joined 2013










About


Photostream


Albums


Faves


Galleries


Groups

























This user has no public photos

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



1
2
3
4
5
6
7
•••
13
14

























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















minder cheng - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found Minder Cheng - Searching for Minder Cheng?



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Minder Cheng



Searching for Minder Cheng? Get Phone #,  Address, Pics & More!





Social Network Search



White Pages Directory




Search Public Records



Free People Search





We Found Minder Cheng | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



1) Minder Cheng's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





Searches related tominder cheng



thirdstream partners llc


management information systems syllabus


minder chen mis 310 study


mis 310



intro to mis syllabus


mis course syllabus


mis syllabus




Web Results

Minder Cheng | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/minder-cheng-9071b348


View Minder Cheng’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Minder Cheng discover inside ...


Minder Cheng - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and ...

people.equilar.com/bio/minder-cheng-investment-technology/salary/...


View Minder Cheng, Board Member at Investment Technology Group, Inc., New York, NY, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at Investment Technology ...


MIS 310: Management Information Systems (MIS)

faculty.csuci.edu/minder.chen/MIS310


Instructor: Dr. Minder Chen, Professor of MIS : Class Location: Smith Decision Center 1908 Class time: Wed. 6:00 pm to 8:45 pm


Minder Cheng: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?...


Mr. Minder Cheng served as the Chief Investment Officer for Index Equity and Capital Markets globally at BlackRock, Inc. until July 2010. Mr. Cheng joined BlackRock ...


Minder Cheng | Flickr

https://www.flickr.com/photos/mindercheng


Explore Minder Cheng's 1,396 photos on Flickr!


Minder Chen - Faculty Biographies- CSU Channel Islands

ciapps.csuci.edu/FacultyBiographies/minder.chen


Minder Chen Professor, Management Information Systems Contact Information. Education. Ph.D. Management Information Systems, University of Arizona, 1988


Minder Cheng | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/minder-cheng-66334b90


View Minder Cheng’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Minder Cheng discover inside ...


Board of Directors - ITG

https://www.itg.com/about/board-of-directors


Minder Cheng has been chairman since January 2016 and a director since November 2010. From December 2009 until July 2010, Mr. Cheng served as Chief Investment Officer ...


Mr. Minder Cheng - Atlanta GA, Anesthesiology Assistant

https://www.healthcare6.com/physician/atlanta-ga/minder-cheng...


Mr. Minder Cheng - Atlanta GA, Anesthesiology Assistant at 1405 Clifton Rd Ne. Phone: (404) 778-4852. View info, ratings, reviews, specialties, education history, and ...


Minder Cheng, PAAA - Atlanta, GA - Anesthesiology ...

www.healthgrades.com/provider/minder-cheng-3xxcw


Visit Healthgrades for information on Minder Cheng, PAAA Find Phone & Address information, medical practice history, affiliated hospitals and more.










We Found Minder Cheng - Searching for Minder Cheng?



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Minder Cheng



Searching for Minder Cheng? Get Phone #,  Address, Pics & More!





Social Network Search



White Pages Directory




Search Public Records



Free People Search





We Found Minder Cheng | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



1) Minder Cheng's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information




Searches related tominder cheng



thirdstream partners llc


management information systems syllabus


minder chen mis 310 study


mis 310



intro to mis syllabus


mis course syllabus


mis syllabus




12345Next






Answers







Ian Cheng



nature of consciousness described by Julian Jaynes in The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind. Cheng describes treating...

more






Kevin Cheng



Kevin Cheng Ka-wing (born 15 August 1969) is a Hong Kong American actor and singer who is currently under the management of the Hong Kong television...

more






Zhou Cheng



Swierczynski and Travel Foreman. Fictional character biography Zhou Cheng has been killing previous Iron Fists for seventy-five years. He was under the...

more










News Results






'Minder omzet voor dancefestivals'



PAROOL: ECONOMIE

 - Jul 25


Parool.nl gebruikt cookies om u een optimale gebruikerservaring te bieden Parool.nl gebruikt cookies en vergelijkbare technologieën (cookies) onder...

more





'Minder omzet voor dancefestivals'



FOK!frontpage Nieuws

 - Jul 25


Bezoekers van websites krijgen te maken met cookies. Dit zijn kleine bestandjes die op je pc worden geplaatst, waarin informatie over je sitebezoek...

more





Mattel verkoopt minder Barbies



beurs.nl nieuws

 - 8 hrs ago


Verlies voor speelgoedmaker. (ABM FN-Dow Jones) Mattel heeft in het tweede kwartaal van 2017 verlies geboekt. Dit meldde de speelgoedmaker donderdag...

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








 






Cheng Minder Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Cheng Minder Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Cheng's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Cheng Minder's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Cheng Minder's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Cheng Minder 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Cheng’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailCheng’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Cheng’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Cheng is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Cheng’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Cheng is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Cheng's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Cheng's background in the comforts of home.
Cheng will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Cheng's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Cheng Minder, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Cheng's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 
































minder cheng - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











DayMinder® Official - Buy Planners, Notebooks & More!



Ad
 ·
www.AtAGlance.com/​Day_Minder



Buy Planners, Notebooks & More! Free $20 Coupon — Today!





Free $20 Coupon—Calendars



Save More than $30 —Now




Free $20 Coupon—Planners



Academic Year 2017-18





DayMinder ® Planners - DayMinder ® Calendars & Planners.



Ad
 ·
DayMinder.OfficeWorld.com



DayMinder ® Calendars & Planners. Same Day Shipping*. Order Today!





DayMinder ® Planners



DayMinder ® Refills



DayMinder ® Weekly




DayMinder ® Calendars



DayMinder ® Monthly



DayMinder ® Appointment





Dayminder - Buy Dayminder.



Ad
 ·
www.Target.com/​Office



Buy Dayminder. Shop Dayminder at Target.com.





Calendars & Journals



Free In-Store Pick-Up



Office Supplies



Save 5% with REDcard
















Ian Cheng




nature of consciousness described by Julian Jaynes in The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind. Cheng describes treating stories as having the status of an

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Inverse exchange-traded fund - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Inverse_exchange-traded_fund


An inverse exchange-traded fund is an exchange-traded fund (ETF), traded on a public stock market, ... Cheng, Minder; Madhavan, Ananth (2009-04-08), ...


Riminder | TechCrunch

https://techcrunch.com/startup-battlefield/riminder


TechCrunch is a leading technology media property, dedicated to obsessively profiling startups, reviewing new Internet products, and breaking tech news.


Gold Miner Special Edition - aol.com

www.aol.com/games/play/zylom/gold-miner-special-edition/?gm=1


Gold Miner Special Edition - aol.com


Ferrochelatase - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Ferrochelatase


Ferrochelatase catalyzes the insertion of ferrous iron into protoporphyrin IX in the heme biosynthesis pathway to form heme B. The enzyme is localized to the matrix ...


AOL Mail: Simple, Free, Fun

https://my.screenname.aol.com/_cqr/login/login.psp?sitedomain...


Get a free email address from AOL now! You no longer need to be an AOL member to take advantage of great AOL Mail features such as industry-leading spam and virus ...


Puyi - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Aisin-Gioro_Puyi


During this period, Puyi and his advisers Chen Baochen, Zheng Xiaoxu and Luo Zhenyu discussed plans to restore Puyi as Emperor. ... served as Puyi's minder, ...


Dog-e-Minder keeps tabs on your dog's vitals so you don't ...

https://www.engadget.com/2010/02/09/dog-e-minder-keeps-tabs-on...


Dog-e-Minder keeps tabs on your dog's vitals so you don't ... Dog-e-Minder Keeps Track of the Last Time Your Dog Was ... About Engadget; About Our Ads;


Ben Heck's Pill-Minder 2000 - Engadget

https://www.engadget.com/2016/05/22/ben-heck-s-pill-minder-2000


Ben hacks the Christmas Present Protection System project and puts it to better daily use for pill medication monitoring -- that way you'll know if you've fo...


Perminder Sachdev - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Perminder_Sachdev


Perminder Sachdev, AM, MD, PhD, ... Wen W, Sachdev PS, Chen X, Anstey K. Gray matter reduction is correlated with white matter hyperintensity volume: ...


Minder (TV series) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Minder_(TV_series)


Minder is a British comedy-drama about the London criminal underworld. Initially produced by Verity Lambert, it was made by Euston Films, a subsidiary of Thames ...










DayMinder® Official - Buy Planners, Notebooks & More!



Ad
 ·
www.AtAGlance.com/​Day_Minder



Buy Planners, Notebooks & More! Free $20 Coupon — Today!





Free $20 Coupon—Calendars



Save More than $30 —Now




Free $20 Coupon—Planners



Academic Year 2017-18





DayMinder ® Planners - DayMinder ® Calendars & Planners.



Ad
 ·
DayMinder.OfficeWorld.com



DayMinder ® Calendars & Planners. Same Day Shipping*. Order Today!





DayMinder ® Planners



DayMinder ® Refills



DayMinder ® Weekly




DayMinder ® Calendars



DayMinder ® Monthly



DayMinder ® Appointment





Dayminder - Buy Dayminder.



Ad
 ·
www.Target.com/​Office



Buy Dayminder. Shop Dayminder at Target.com.





Calendars & Journals



Free In-Store Pick-Up



Office Supplies



Save 5% with REDcard




Searches related tominder cheng



thirdstream partners llc


management information systems syllabus


minder chen mis 310 study


mis 310



intro to mis syllabus


mis course syllabus


mis syllabus




12345Next

Related Searches



thirdstream partners llc


management information systems syllabus


minder chen mis 310 study


mis 310


intro to mis syllabus


mis course syllabus


mis syllabus




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








