


Kenneth Chenault - Wikipedia






















 






Kenneth Chenault

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Kenneth Chenault



Chenault and his wife at Barack Obama's second state dinner



Personal details


Born
Kenneth Irvine Chenault
(1951-06-02) June 2, 1951 (age 66)
Mineola, New York


Spouse(s)
Kathryn Chenault


Alma mater
Bowdoin College
Harvard University


Occupation
CEO of American Express[1][2]


Kenneth Irvine Chenault (born June 2, 1951) is an American business executive. He has been the CEO and Chairman of American Express since 2001.[3][4] He is the third black CEO of a Fortune 500 company.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life, education, and legal career
1.2 CEO of American Express
1.3 Philanthropy
1.4 Personal life


2 References
3 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life, education, and legal career[edit]
Chenault was born in Mineola, New York, Nassau County, as the son of a dentist and dental hygienist.[5] His father was Hortenius Chenault a graduate of Morehouse College in Georgia, and a 1939 graduate from Howard University Dental School who passed the New York State dental exam with the highest score ever recorded as of January 2014.[6] Chenault attended the alternative Waldorf School of Garden City,[7] where he served as senior class president.[5] He then received B.A. in history from Bowdoin College in 1973, and J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1976 (on February 10, 2014, it was announced that he had been elected to fill a vacated seat of the Harvard Corporation; the Corporation is the chief fiduciary authority of the University and is the smaller of the two governing boards, the other being the Harvard Board of Overseers).[8][9]
After Harvard, he worked as an associate at the law firm Rogers & Wells (1977–1979) in New York City, and as a consultant for Bain & Company (1979–1981).[8][10]
CEO of American Express[edit]
He joined American Express in 1981, working in the Strategic Planning Group.[11] He became president and chief operating officer in 1997.[11] He became CEO of American Express in 2001.
As CEO of American Express in 2007 and 2008, Chenault earned a total compensation of $50,126,585[12] and $42,752,461[13] respectively. In 2009, he earned a total compensation of $16,617,639, which included a base salary of $1,201,923, a cash bonus of $10,450,000, an option grant of $3,985,637, and other compensation worth $980,079.[14]
He is currently co-chair of the Business Roundtable,[15] a director at IBM,[4][11] and a member at the Council on Foreign Relations.[16] He is a member of the Executive Committee of The Business Council for 2011 and 2012.[17]
In 1995, Ebony listed him as one of 50 "living pioneers" in the African-American community.[18] Chenault was inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2002. In 2008, he gave the commencement address at Howard University.[19]
In May 2010, he gave the commencement speech at Wake Forest University[20] and Northeastern University.[21]
Philanthropy[edit]
On November 15, 2010, Old North Foundation recognized Chenault with its Third Lantern Award for individual commitment and dedication to public service. The Foundation honored Chenault and American Express for their significant contributions to the preservation efforts of many significant monuments and landmark structures, including the steeple of the Old North Church.[22]
Personal life[edit]
He resides in New Rochelle, New York, with his wife and children.[23] Kenneth Chenault is a member of Westchester Country Club.[24]
References[edit]



^ "American Express CEO Ken Chenault: 'There's a $25 trillion opportunity'". fortune.com. Retrieved 2015-08-09. 
^ "An interview with Kenneth Chenault, CEO at American Express". london.edu. Retrieved 2015-08-09. 
^ "Board of Directors and Executive Officers". American Express. Archived from the original on 2006-10-21. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ a b "Kenneth I Chenault profile". Forbes. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ a b "Kenneth Chenault Biography – Facts, Birthday, Life Story". Biography.com. 1951-06-02. Retrieved 2012-03-20. [permanent dead link]
^ http://nkaa.uky.edu/record.php?note_id=508
^ "Ken Chenault: The Rise of a Star" Business Week Dec. 21, 1998
^ a b "Kenneth Chenault: Corporate CEO". CNN. February 2002. Archived from the original on 2007-02-19. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2014/02/chenault_gordon_mills_named/
^ "Kenneth I. Chenault". The White House. Retrieved 25 February 2013. 
^ a b c Bianco, Anthony (December 21, 1998). "KEN CHENAULT: THE RISE OF A STAR". Business Week. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ 2007 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ 2009 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ "About us: Officers". Business Roundtable. Archived from the original on 2007-02-02. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ See for example the transcript of a luncheon over which he presided: "New Realities in the Media Age: A Conversation with Donald Rumsfeld". Council on Foreign Relations. February 17, 2006. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ The Business Council, Official website, Executive Committee Archived 2013-07-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "50 who changed America – influential African Americans". Ebony. November 1995. Archived from the original on 2007-07-02. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ "Commencement Speech at Howard University". Howard.edu. 2008-05-10. Retrieved 2012-03-20. 
^ American Express CEO to deliver address, Window on Wake Forest, March 22, 2010. Accessed 2010-03-22.
^ May commencement speakers announced, Northeastern University, March 22, 2010. Accessed 2010-03-23.
^ "Kenneth Chenault, American Express Chairman and CEO Receives". Bloomberg. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ Sexton, Julia (2009-01-23). "Westchester Magazine". Westchester Magazine. Archived from the original on 2010-12-14. Retrieved 2012-03-20. 
^ "Caddie Scholarship Fund, Inc." (PDF). Westchester Golf Association. 



External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Kenneth Chenault



Appearances on C-SPAN



Business positions


Preceded by
Harvey Golub
Chief Executive Officer of American Express
2001–present
Incumbent








v
t
e


American Express



Payment products



Accolades Cards
Charge cards
Credit cards
ExpressPay
Traveler's cheques
Centurion Card
Plum Card





Spun-off companies



Ameriprise Financial
First Data Corp.
Lehman Brothers
Merchants Despatch
Railway Express Agency
Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment





Notable current and former executives



Henry Wells
William Fargo
J. C. Fargo
Howard L. Clark Sr.
Ralph Reed
James D. Robinson III
Louis V. Gerstner Jr.
Sanford I. Weill
Harvey Golub
Kenneth Chenault
Gary Crittenden





Corporate directors



Kenneth Chenault (Chairman)
Daniel Akerson
Charlene Barshefsky
Ursula Burns
Peter Chernin
Vernon Jordan Jr.
Jan Leschly
Rick Levin
Edward D. Miller
Frank Popoff
Robert D. Walter
Ron Williams





Other



The Adventures of Seinfeld & Superman
American Express Incentive Services
Salad Oil Scandal
World Monuments Watch
65 Broadway
Falmer Stadium (The American Express Community Stadium)
Small Business Saturday
Three World Financial Center










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kenneth_Chenault&oldid=790261031"					
Categories: 1951 birthsLiving peopleAfrican-American businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican ExpressAmerican management consultantsBain & Company employeesBowdoin College alumniDirectors of IBMHarvard Law School alumniPeople from Mineola, New YorkPeople from New Rochelle, New YorkWaldorf school alumniAmerican chief executives of Fortune 500 companiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 16:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











































































































American Express CEO Kenneth Chenault: Valuing EQ over IQ - Knowledge@Wharton







Rows
Knowledge @ Wharton
Search
World



Search











  
Leadership
American Express CEO Kenneth Chenault: Valuing EQ over IQ

Nov 08, 2013

Executive Education



North America 



 







Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google+
Email
Print
Comment
Quote








Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google+
Email
Print
Comment
Quote




Supports K@W's Leadership Content 

When Kenneth Chenault first came to American Express more than 30 years ago as a young executive just off a two-and-a-half year consulting stint at Bain & Company, he looked around and saw an opportunity in the corporation’s struggling merchandising group. The person overseeing that group and the rest of Travel Related Services at the time was Louis V. Gerstner, Jr., who later went on to become CEO of RJR Nabisco and then IBM.
Gerstner advised Chenault against getting involved with the offshoot business selling jewelry, stereo equipment and other odds and ends by direct mail to American Express customers. In fact, said Gerstner, he was ready to shut the whole enterprise down.
“‘Do not take this job,’ Lou told me over and over,” Chenault, now the chairman and CEO of American Express, said during a recent Wharton Leadership Lecture. “But I said, ‘Lou, I want to take on a challenge.’ I never shied away from taking a risk, and I felt this was the way I should go.”







“My view is often to take on the assignments that no one else wants, particularly early on in a career.” –Kenneth Chenault
As Chenault started work, he looked around for what he called “the best and the brightest” available to him at American Express. He realized that because the division was a neglected part of the corporation, he would get experience in all aspects of that business, “something they would never have let some 33-year-old just out of the consulting business do otherwise. My view is often to take on the assignments that no one else wants, particularly early on in a career. Everyone wants to be in the glamorous part of a business. I wanted to learn.”
In the two years that Chenault ran merchant services, it went from an albatross to a profit center, its revenues more than tripling from $150 million to $500 million. Gerstner finally insisted Chenault join the credit card side of the corporation, and a leadership star was born. “Leadership takes many forms, but one thing that is most important is to realize that change is inevitable, especially in the age we live in now, and that you always have to be adaptable to change,” noted Chenault.
He emphasized that American Express itself was hardly a glamorous company when it started in 1850. It was the original company Henry Wells, William G. Fargo and John Butterfield founded to move freight. “Moving freight [was] not a business with a lot of glamour,” he said. “But they instituted core values that we still hold 163 years later in our day-to-day operations — integrity and customer commitment…. It is pretty extraordinary that a freight company founded in 1850 established a brand that remains relevant in 2013 in the digital age.”
Chenault took over as CEO in 2001 after a series of jobs that he held for 20 years at the company. It was unusual for an African American to reach the top of an American corporation, but Chenault has never felt his race either qualified him for a position or prevented him from getting it. He said he just had confidence in himself as a leader and went about his work methodically, never back-biting and always seeking advice even from executives who might have been competitors.


Knowledge@Wharton High School






“I really did not focus on becoming a CEO until around 10 years before it happened, but I worked with people who could be viewed as competition and worked well with them,” he stated. “I had straightforward conversations with them and said, ‘Let us focus on what is best for the company.’ I thought by doing that, everything would work out for the best.” When he became CEO, the top 10 executives in the 70,000-employee company all stayed on although over time, some left for other positions.
Identifying Good Leaders
Chenault described his leadership style as both simple and complex. The simple part, he said, is that he feels he has kept his integrity, that he has never tried to fool anyone and that he has been consistent in his goals: to serve that traditional triumvirate of customers, employees and shareholders.
He is constantly looking for good leaders in his company. He does not evaluate whether someone is a leader until he sees who that person’s followers are. “Who is listening to them? How many people respect him?” said Chenault, referring to the questions he asks of young leaders in particular. Mostly, he added, that is demonstrated when someone is both decisive and compassionate.
Chenault oversaw a restructuring of American Express’s business in 1995 as vice chairman. When it became clear he would have to eliminate nearly 16,000 jobs, he said decided to tell people up to 18 months before their actual departure date so that they would have time to adjust to the layoffs. “You do what you can to be compassionate, even when the news is bad,” Chenault said, which leads to another of his leadership principles — that the leader himself has to be a team player. “The point is not to just be a nice person, but be effective, too. Sometimes being a team player is using what I call constructive confrontation. Be courteous, but push forward on what needs to be done.”
Although Chenault said he does not devalue intellect — after all, he went to Bowdoin College, one of the nation’s best liberal arts schools, and Harvard Law School — what he values more than IQ is EQ — Executional Quotient. “A good leader wants to get it done,” he said. “EQ is the most important thing — to have the focus to get whatever the job at hand is completed.”
He believes leadership can, indeed, be taught, and while American Express does not have formal leadership training, Chenault hopes to teach by his own example. For instance, he likes to not only get consultations from his higher executives, but values feedback from every part of the company. “I reach down to all levels. Any employee who sends me a question, I respond. It may not be 100 lines, but something, and if people know you can be approached, they will come to you. That creates a positive attitude about the company.” Several times a year, he will go to different parts of the country and world and hold brown bag lunches with about 25 employees, none of them senior executives. “The physical presence of a leader is important. It shows the organization, no matter how large, cares about its [employees].
“I ask them only one thing, that when they leave the meeting, tell 20 people about it,” he said. “I don’t care if they say, ‘Ken is a jerk,’ because at least it brings a connection. It is impossible to maintain a relationship with 70,000 people, but I don’t believe in the imperial CEO. The best organizations create thousands of leaders.”
Two Role Models
Chenault admires a number of leaders, but pointed to two favorites: Nelson Mandela and Warren Buffett.
The most important thing he has learned from Mandela is that even when you are in a crisis, you have to think about the future. “Here was someone in prison who came out a stronger person,” noted Chenault. “It was not just about survival. He thought about the vision of what he wanted the country to become. It is hard to see anyone in modern history who came out from prison” such a hero.
“Sometimes being a team player is using what I call constructive confrontation.” –Kenneth Chenault
He said he doesn’t admire Buffett just because he owns 14% of American Express through Berkshire Hathaway. “He is someone who has an intellectual curiosity and is also incredibly genuine as a person,” said Chenault. “He admits that he loves business, but he also engages with people. He can walk down the street in Omaha or New York and will talk to people, tell a joke, sign a dollar bill for them. He has humanity and a steel trap mind. He has a nice swift way to say, ‘No’ — not in a harsh way, but [in a way that] does not waste people’s time.”
Chenault’s favorite quote about leadership is one he attributes to Napoleon: “The role of a leader is to define reality and give hope.” It is really difficult, he said, to find out the facts of a situation and to understand the ultimate implications. “You have to be open and honest to find reality, to get the right answers to your questions. But then you have to tell the people you lead what the reasons are to be hopeful, to tell them why you should inspire them.
“This is all easy in good times, but it is a deal-breaker during challenging times, and that is when you find out who the leader is,” he noted. “The reputations of individual leaders are truly made or lost in times of crisis. You must gain loyalty by being decisive and compassionate. Otherwise, your reputation will vanish.”






Supports K@W's Leadership Content 




Citing Knowledge@Wharton
Close
For Personal use:
				Please use the following citations to quote for personal use:																							 

		MLA
			"American Express CEO Kenneth Chenault: Valuing EQ over IQ."
			Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania,
			 08 November, 2013. Web. 23 July, 2017			 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/american-express-ceo-kenneth-chenault-valuing-eq-iq/>
		
APA
			American Express CEO Kenneth Chenault: Valuing EQ over IQ.
			Knowledge@Wharton
			(2013, November 08).
			Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/american-express-ceo-kenneth-chenault-valuing-eq-iq/ 
		
Chicago
			"American Express CEO Kenneth Chenault: Valuing EQ over IQ"
			Knowledge@Wharton, 	 November 08, 2013,  
			accessed July 23, 2017.   
			http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/american-express-ceo-kenneth-chenault-valuing-eq-iq/		
		

For Educational/Business use:
		Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form.
		 


Additional Reading


Leadership
What NASA’s Chief Astronaut Learned from Near Disaster
NASA Chief Astronaut Chris Cassidy shares leadership lessons from a spacewalking near-disaster, and his post-9/11 SEAL team deployment in Afghanistan.


Public Policy
Is the U.S. in Danger of Losing Immigrant Entrepreneurs?
The freeze and likely elimination of the International Entrepreneur Rule could bring more harm than good in investments and jobs, say experts.


Sponsored Content
Leveraging Customer Analytics: Hotels and Travel Agencies
Wharton professor and analytics expert Peter Fader joins WNS executive Raj SivaKumar to discuss the power of harnessing customer analytics for travel agencies and the hotel industry.







 


Join The Discussion
4 Comments So Far

Log In or sign up to comment


 

M B NEACE
Is American Express still a member of ALEC?  If so,this belies much of what Mr. Chenault  claims AE is doing.




 

Ryan Hunter
Intriguing retrospective on a remarkable career.
Warren has always spoken fondly of Kenneth during shareholder meetings.  He refers to him as an “excellent manager” noting his execution and long-term total returns – in a similar manner as Warren refers to Tony Nicely of GEICO.
I’m particularly fond of Kenneth’s approach to spreading employee-to-employee connections across an organization: 
“I ask them only one thing, that when they leave the meeting, tell 20 people about it.”
I’d personally like to hear Kenneth describe a time in his career when he was at conflict with his own EQ (desire for execution).  A time when his hands were tied, either due to circumstances inside or outside of his control.  How did he break the cycle and move forward?  Inevitably this will occur for many of us in the course of our careers.  The inspiration would be invaluable.
Warm Regards




 

phillip cesaretti
Sir:
     I am a very disgruntled customer, but not for very long ! As I get older, the words sorry and apologize are a part of just about every conversation, especially on the telephone or while chatting on the web. I call it the cowards plan book. No matter what happens, those two words can solve anything.
     I called “american” express, customer service. First I was in Mexico City, then, after requesting an American, then I was in
India ! 26 minutes on the telephone.  I was informed by ashima, badge # 73220, that an investigation was being done pertaining to
my request. Today, technology is at warp speed but the employees
are still working on the wheel !! Thank You Sir and good day.




 

William Smith
As a footnote to Mr. Chennault’s leadership skills with American Express, I would like to add a comment about the remarkable margin that unauthorized purchases made on cardholder’s behalf for $40 appointment calendars, $20 cookbooks – available elsewhere for $.99 et al shows rare business acumen and unscrupulous daring required in 21st century business leadership.
If I were bold enough to choose my clients’ purchases, make those purchases without their permission, and charge usurious rates on the purchase price I personally chose, perhaps I too could breathe the rarefied air of those with a fleet of Gulfstream’s at my disposal.








Knowledge@Wharton Partners

View All Partners
Partner Collaborations
Become a Content Partner








































































Business Lessons from American Express CEO Ken Chenault











































































Kissmetrics


Products


Pricing


Customers


About


Blog


See Kissmetrics


Sign In








              Blog Home
            



              Academy
            



              Marketing Guides
            



              Webinars
            





Features


Solutions


Pricing


Customers


Blog


Infographics


Marketing Guides


Webinars


Kissmetrics Academy



1-888-767-5477




Kissmetrics Blog
A blog about analytics, marketing and testing



Built to optimize growth. Track, analyze and engage to get more customers.

See Kissmetrics









Business Lessons from American Express CEO Ken Chenault


If you’re looking for advice on business, management, leadership, and personal development, one person you will want to consult is American Express CEO, Ken Chenault. Regardless of which industry you’re in, he can provide some excellent advice.
Chenault has decades of experience, but he isn’t your typical businessman. He didn’t start a business in high school, create a product in college, or even start a business of any kind. Further, his academic background is in history and law. He practiced law for a few years before moving into the business world.
Chenault joined American Express in 1981, and, within a few years, he had taken the reins of the troubled merchandising operations. A top manager at American Express, Louis Gerstner, wanted to shut down the department. Chenault volunteered to take it over, and, in two years, grew the business from $150 million in sales to $500 million.
Through the years, he has climbed the corporate ladder. In 2001, he was appointed CEO, and, a few months later, Chairman. Chenault has guided the company through multiple crises, enduring 9/11 (which impacted the financial sector and reduced travel) and the financial crisis of 2008.
Chenault is well liked at American Express. According to Glassdoor, he holds an 88% approval rating. His company ranks #13 on the 2013 Most Admired List.
He also enjoys the respect of many of his business peers (some of whom are in tech). Google Chairman Eric Schmidt says Chenault “exemplifies the best leadership that I’ve ever worked with.” Facebook’s Carolyn Everson says Chenault is “a revered leader” and “he’s an amazing leader that sets the vision from the very top.”
In listening to Chenault, you can identify his unique traits. He’s intelligent, thoughtful, articulate, and he can clearly express his advice.
This post is chock-full of Chenault’s advice on leadership, business management, and personal development. Chenault says that, with all advice, “you’ve got to personalize it, and you’ve got to customize it to your own situation.”
So read on and learn from one of the best Fortune 500 CEOs around. There’s something for anyone in any stage.

Leaders Need to Define Reality and Give Hope
If you want to have an inspired workforce, you need to make sure people understand you are grounded in reality. You also have to give workers the strategies, the ideas, and the values they need to be hopeful, according to Chenault.
“I think what’s important for me about leadership (and I’m really passionate about leadership because I think it’s critical, no matter what you do)…I follow a quote from Napoleon. And I always preface this with ‘I don’t want to end up like Napoleon.’
“But it’s a quote, frankly, that I think about every day because I think it’s what a leader has to do. The way I paraphrase the quote is: ‘the role of a leader is to define reality and give hope.’
“When you think about that quote, it’s very simple, but if you put it in a leadership context, what’s very difficult about leadership is you’ll have very well-meaning people who will try to sometimes distort reality. Not intentionally, but they may just tell you what you want to hear. And part of your job as a leader is, really, to find out what the real deal is.
“But that’s not enough. Then you’ve got to put together a strategy that galvanizes people, that gives them hope that they can overcome the obstacles or achieve something that they didn’t think was possible. So ‘define reality and give hope’ is, really, what I believe is most important for a leader.”
Chenault expands on this:
“A very bright person can analyze a situation and say ‘here’s the problem’…it takes a winner to say ‘here are the reasons why you should have hope. Here are the pragmatic reasons [and] here are the aspirational reasons why you should have that hope.’ And I think to have a winning mentality and to be a consistent winner, you’ve got to have a basis in reality [and] you’ve got to have the ability to, in fact, envision what are your objectives.
“So for me, for our company, what I said is: ‘I’ve got two aspirations for the company.’ I want us to be one of the most successful companies in the world. A lot of people [can give that aspiration]…but we’ve defined it. So we took our financial metrics and we said ‘how many companies have achieved those metrics over a 10 year period?’…we looked at 800 companies, we saw 2. So understand what you’re signing up for – 2 companies, you know the odds of that happening? That’s really tough. That’s the aspiration.
“[The] second aspiration [is that] I want us to be one of the most respected and admired companies in the world. I think what you want is you want people to clearly aspire, but you also want them to know that you’re going to measure how you’re doing on that journey.”
In a conversation with Sheryl Sandberg, Chenault adds more:
“If you think about any organization, any country, [and] any company, that’s part of what we’ve got to try to do is…define reality, but then where does the inspiration come in? Where does the creativity come in? And that’s the hope part, because part of what [you] have to do as a leader is you’ve got to create a vision that galvanizes people, you have to empower people to be change agents, you have to engage in this…constructive confrontation, you have to constantly attack the status quo.”
Chenault adds that, when giving hope, leaders need to give people markers to let them know their progress on a very regular basis.
He says that during 9/11, he had to explain to the entire company the reality of the situation they were in but also give them hope for how they were going to emerge.
Try Constructive Confrontation to Bring Out the Best Ideas
At American Express, Chenault wants employees to have “constructive confrontation.” He says that: 
“at any level of the organization, I want people to have the ability to speak up and to speak out, because that’s how we’re going to understand what reality is all about, that’s how we’re going to get different perspectives. So I think it’s important to have that level of constructive confrontation.
“However, once we decide on the course of action, I want everyone on the train. It is not the time, after we have decided on the course of action, to say ‘I’m not going to go along’; that’s a problem.”
Chenault says he’ll instigate confrontation. He’ll take a view that certainly will stir things up. He says:
“There are a lot of terrific ideas at every level of a company. So you want to set up the mechanisms through every channel to [spread ideas]. But the tone has to be set at the top that you [the CEO] are the type of person that people feel comfortable arguing with on issues. I always then make the point, however, that once we decide on a course of action, we can’t have people continuing to debate. We need to move forward.”
Chenault says that being direct and honest are key and even raising your voice.
“The more you can get people engaged and talking through the issues [the better]. What it actually says is ‘I respect you and your ideas and the fact that you are impassioned about those ideas and you’re willing to take some risk.’ Because that’s what it takes in business. You’ve gotta put some risk out there. If you’re going to be careful, then we’re not going to move forward as a company. We’re not going to be a leader.”
He later adds that: 
“some of the opportunities come from the biggest challenges.”
The Four Things Leaders Need
When asked what he looks for in other people, Chenault says he looks for the following qualities in leaders:

Followership: Do people listen to the leader? Do they seek his or her advice and judgment?
Integrity: Is there a consistency between words and action? “You can’t build a trusting relationship without integrity.” Integrity is the foundation of leadership.
Courage: The ability to challenge, to speak out, to stand up for what you think is right.
Sense of humor: “The challenges we face in life are such that it’s sometimes very good to have people around who can keep the spirits up because motivation is very important.”

Integrity
On integrity, Chenault says:
“Integrity is critical. Because you can’t gain a followership if you’re asking people to take some risk. They have to have a level of trust. What’s important is the leadership behaviors and the leadership values need to be understood by the people in the company, and the leader has to exemplify those values. And I believe in that to my core.”
When Hiring Leaders
When asking interview questions probing a candidate’s integrity, Chenault says a good question to ask is:
“What are some of the most difficult issues you’ve confronted?”
Chenault expands:
In an interview, Chenault will say 
“‘take me through where you felt you had to compromise your values.’ That gets people into a discussion. Sometimes I’ll say ‘what are your values?’ People are very uncomfortable talking about their values, but it is critical to understand [what the] leadership attributes [are] that person values.
“[The] second thing I look for, very importantly, is I want to make sure the person is intellectually curious and is open to a range of perspectives. Because to operate in this business environment, you can’t just be a one trick pony [or] be a narrow thinker. And so what I’ll try to do is find experiences and I’ll ask them ‘what are some of the things you have done that you think were out of your comfort zone?’
“People have a different way of talking about their comfort zone, but what you can start to glean is, from an intellectual standpoint, how open were they to different ideas and views, and you can challenge them on some things, and you can be contrarian and see how they will respond to that.
“Then what is also useful is I ask them ‘if I were to talk to someone about you, what would be three areas that they would cite that would be instrumental in your success?’ What I often find is that it’s very revealing because people will then tell you either what they want you to hear or how they view the qualities that are most important for their success.
“You get a sense of whether they value followership. Some people will give you the list of what they did and they’ll use ‘I’ a lot and ‘this is what I did’ and ‘I had to do this’ and they don’t talk at all about what they were able to do to motivate and inspire people to accomplish the objectives.”
Four Keys to Keep in Mind during a Company Crisis
As we’ve seen, Chenault has been able to lead and steer a company in and out of multiple crises. He’s held dozens of other leadership positions, including heading the merchandising operations. So what advice does he give, specifically, for leadership in a crisis?

Be Visible: “The people you lead must see how you’re doing and how you’re reacting.”
Communicate: Give people assurances. “You need to communicate on a consistent basis. Part of your job is to connect the dots.”
Stay Calm: In times of crisis, leaders need to stay calm. They can be energetic and passionate, but cannot panic. He advises that you should maintain your composure; that gives people a level of comfort.
Take Action: Take action and give direction: “You cannot freeze up. You can’t allow the circumstances to stop you from acting.”

Are Leaders Born or Made?
Chenault believes some leaders are born but that the best leaders “are people who work at it day in and day out.” He also believes that leaders can be trained, and he is a believer in self empowerment.
“I really do believe that people can make themselves into a leader. I think it’s like someone who is a natural athlete. If you don’t practice, if you’re not disciplined, if you don’t work hard at it, you’re not going to be at the top of your game. So I really do believe that you can understand and work with and study how to become an outstanding leader, but it means you have to have a great level of self-awareness.”
Leadership Reputation is Established during Times of Change
“Today, the stakes are incredibly high. The need for leaders to stand for something and act from principle is more important than ever. Things that were acceptable five or ten years ago will today cost you your career. You can make a few mistakes, not a lot…a few. But if your people believe that you have the right values, they will tolerate a few mistakes.
“In fact, they will stay with you. They want to see that you are decisive and compassionate, because you are asking people to take risks, to take chances. But don’t confuse compassion with a reluctance to act decisively when necessary.”
Chenault says: “There has always been a focus on the rational aspects of leadership and the intelligence required of leadership. I think it’s absolutely essential. But what I have seen in companies throughout my career is that if you are not clear on who you are, on what it is you stand for, and if you don’t have strong values, you are going to run your career off a cliff.”
Chenault adds that many people talk about leadership, but few understand it. He says leaders must be introspective by asking themselves questions like “what are the gaps in my leadership that I need to improve and work on?” 
Connect the Dots
Chenault says it’s crucial for today’s leaders to be able to connect the dots. 
“You can’t remain alone in your discipline. What you’ve got to understand is how things interrelate. What are the connections? And then what are the relevant value drivers for your business? The ability to take in a broad set of facts and knowledge and to see what the connection is to your particular business is critical.
“That means that at the end of the day awareness of what is going on in the world and trends and constantly saying ‘what does this development mean for my business and my customer?’ Because at the end of the day, if you want to be a market leader and innovate, you actually have to come to conclusions that most people don’t. And most people don’t because they take a conventional view of what they’re working on. So, that ability to connect is critical.”
A Challenge in Leadership
As discussed, leaders need to know how to be decisive and compassionate at the same time. Here’s an example of how American Express (AMEX) needed to do just that:
After 9/11 Chenault saw that AMEX needed to change their cost structure. This meant that some people had to be laid off (11,000 people, over 15% of their workforce). Needless to say, emotionally, it was a bad time to lay people off. But Chenault said the future of the company may be at stake.
He said 
“we have to do this in a compassionate way with our employees, but we have to do it. What I believe very strongly is one of the things you gotta do in leadership is you need to tell people both the truth, [don’t] talk down to people, and explain to people the reasons why.”
During the layoffs, AMEX surveyed all employees including the ones who were laid off. Surprisingly, AMEX received the highest employee satisfaction in years. Chenault credits this to the times (9/11) and the way in which layoffs were handled. He adds that many of the laid off employees have come back to, and received, employment through AMEX.
Find Mentors Who Give You Advice and Judgment
Chenault believes mentoring is one of the most satisfying aspects in leadership.
“What I really believe is that if you want to develop a true mentor relationship and you want to network, you want to network off of your performance. Just to meet someone is generally not that helpful…here’s how the trade [off] works, at least for me.
“If I’m going to take on a mentee…I want to get something in return. I want to be stimulated by the ideas that they can come up with and the dialogue. I want for them to have the commitment that they’re going to really improve in the areas that they need to improve on and that they’re really capable of making things happen. That’s part of the trade off.
“I think when you look at a mentor at different levels, sometimes you’re looking for someone who can give you technical advice. That’s not a mentor to me. That’s an expert and that’s very important to seek out that expert advice.
“What I look for in mentors is judgment. Because that, to me, at the end of the day, from a leadership standpoint, is really the toughest challenge….
“I’ve had a lot of mentors in a structural sense that have been at lower levels in the company. I also make this point – what you get with a mentor that is at a lower level in the company is an unfiltered perspective, in the sense that they’ll tell you who the phonies are in the company. And it really is amazing because they’ve been there, because people take liberties with people that they don’t think are senior….
“There are people at lower levels who have incredible judgment and incredible insight that [are] coming up through the company [and they] help me tremendously to say ‘at the end of the day here are some people you should stay away from because you can’t trust them for these reasons.’ Or ‘watch out for this situation.’ Or ‘you may be approaching an issue in this way, here’s another way to think about it.’ So I really encourage people to develop mentors at different levels of the organization.”
He adds in another interview:
“The issue is not forming a strong personal relationship. That’s fine if it comes, but the way to form a mentor relationship is to network off your performance. You don’t want to be beholden to the mentor and have him control your life – because if something happens to him, you have problems. Choose mentors you admire and want to emulate.
“Look up and down in an organization for a mentor. Examine who seems to know what they’re doing, who shows good judgment. Power is nice and it’s useful, but in a mentor relationship, judgment is more important than power.”
Become the Company That Can Put You Out of Business
Don’t stay in your strategy too long. You may think you’ve found a groove of success, but if you stay with it too long, it will become a rut. Don’t get arrogant about success.
Chenault says that he focuses on reinvention of the company and transformation. He says, 
“the enemy of success is the status quo. What is most dangerous is sometimes when you’re successful, you get comfortable, and that is a big problem in business. You’ve got to constantly focus on innovation.”
This reminds me of an Andy Grove quote:
“Success breeds complacency. Complacency breeds failure. Only the paranoid survive.”
Chenault isn’t saying to reinvent the wheel or to turn your business 180 degrees, but rather focus on innovation. He says: 
“you constantly have to challenge your status quo and you want to reinvent or invent the company that’s going to put you out of business. That has to be the focus.”
 Chenault adds that it’s critical for the company to know about innovation and change and why it’s critical to business.
Focus On the One Thing You Can Control – Your Performance
When asked about the best advice he received, Chenault says it came from his father. He told him to not make excuses and focus only on what you can control. He says:
“If you’re going to focus on anything, focus on what you can control. And the only thing you can control is your performance. If you think about that advice, and I think about it almost every day, it is a very empowering statement because what it says to a person is you can really make a difference. You can make a difference off of your performance. It also says that you can come up always with a lot of excuses and reasons why you can’t do something.
“But if you can really focus on your performance, you can accomplish a great deal. I want to be clear, I’m not naive about the obstacles that are out there and never happen, but the reality is, I think, particularly for our young people, to understand that they actually do have more control than they may think. That control is really to be focused on performance. Whatever they do, focus on performance.”
Don’t run away from a problem, challenge, or barrier. Figure out a way to jump over it.
Innovations Need Balance and Support
Innovation requires risk. We all know that. Chenault says there also needs to be a balance in the company. He says they also require support and there are times when employees can screw up risk taking. He explains:
“I think it’s a balance and what I try not to do is to have all the ideas funnel up to me. Because there’s no way that I’m going to be able to evaluate every good idea out there. So part of what you’ve got to do is #1, for the company overall, I’ll set out areas – so I’ll give you one broad area that I said to the company five years ago.
“I said there’s an amazing digital transformation that is taking place, this entire company is going to be involved in it. Here are some changes that we need to bring about and here are some areas that I want to innovate for the company…. [B]ut then what you’ve got to do is you’ve got to let different groups come up with ideas. What’s critical is you’ve got to, in fact, not only supply the funding, but provide the support.
“Every great idea that we have been able to implement in the company, I can point to you areas of the company that were directly opposed to that idea. So part of what I have to do is provide air cover and say ‘no, that idea, even though you may think it’s [a] risk to the company (here are the rationale, here are the reasons), we’re going to support that idea.
“What’s critical is we’ve had a number of ideas, particularly over the last 10 years, come from some of our younger people in our company. What’s critical is give them the support and encouragement to drive that idea.
“There [are] some big ideas that come from the top, but frankly most ideas really come from all levels in a company if it’s running well. But the important role of top leadership is to make sure that those ideas see some light and that people feel they have some sponsorship…. I actually think if you’re really going to innovate, you’re going to have some failures. So what you need to make sure is you don’t punish someone for a failure.
“Here’s where I will have issues with people – if in fact they take risks and they weren’t aware that it was even a risk. So here’s my view of risk taking: understand at least if it’s a small, medium or large risk. And I can deal with that, we can talk that through. But don’t, after the fact, tell me, ‘Ken I did not realize that this could have taken down the company, but I don’t want you to do anything’ (i.e., employee termination). There will be a consequence. Rest assured, there will be a consequence. But to have real innovation, you have to encourage risk taking.”
Innovate in a Downturn
Innovating more than usual in a downturn can give you a tremendous competitive advantage. Chenault says, during downturns, companies need to be on the balls of their feet. He says many companies are on their heels, which is why they get pushed down.
He says that you shouldn’t ignore the downturn and you should be focused on the short term, but says “part of the job of the leader is to have that balance between the short term and the long term and the moderate term.” He adds “the way you’re going to be a long term leader is through innovation.”
Chenault expands on this in another interview:
“In the worst recession Apple was able to demonstrate that they can drive terrific sales because they innovate.
“We place a very high premium on innovation. We’re doing a lot of that. Second, and here is where I think we have a tremendous advantage, and I will say this publicly – I don’t think our competitors understand the importance of really providing terrific customer service…. [W]hen you talk to most people, every company says they want to provide good service.
“I will tell you in this downturn, we invested in our customer service infrastructure and our people and in the training, and the empathy they had for customers, and what we’re seeing is the causality in customer loyalty and spending and performance is very strong. But [customer service] is something you’ve got to manage in a very detailed way. You’ve gotta have metrics across the organization and you gotta drive it.”
Innovation in a Big Company
So how does a big company (62,000+ employees) innovate? How does this message come from the top of the organization on down?
“What you want to do is you want to really draw from what is core to your company. One of the things I’ve stressed with us is we’ve started off as a freight forwarding company. So we were not created in a dorm room or a garage, probably a stable. What we did was we transported goods from east to west [and] we built up a level of trust, we had a focus on service.
“But then we moved to travelers checks, to travel, to payments. One of the ways you drive innovation is you have to constantly reinvent yourself and you have to be willing to challenge the status quo. So you can’t look at, for example, payments, narrowly.
“The reality is when I talk about why we can succeed in the digital marketplace, I talk about the brand, I talk about the service, and I talk about the information. One of the things I say is that, when the card was created in 1958, it was a platform to deliver services to the business traveler.
“So what you’ve gotta do is you’ve gotta expand the marketplace and you’ve gotta get people to be willing, and in my terms what I say is ‘try to become the company that can put you out of business.’ And constantly challenge your business model but do it from the standpoint of [customer needs]. Put the customer at the center.”
Four Pieces of Advice for Startup Entrepreneurs
As a startup entrepreneur, Chenault says the following:

You need to understand the behaviors that are going to move your business forward. He says that, in anything you do, you must have integrity.
It’s vital to always take a customer/client perspective. “What is it that the client needs? How can you make that person’s performance or their life better? The reality is it always starts and finishes with the customer.” 
His third point is that entrepreneurs need to know what competitors are doing to serve the customer. What is it that they’re leaving out?
His final point is to focus on what makes your business unique. He says this goes for both your business and personal life. “At the end of the day what is your proposition? Because if you want to stand out, people really have to see some uniqueness in the proposition that you’re putting together.”

The Three Types of Meetings
In all meetings, you need to state your objectives up front. Chenault says it’s beneficial to communicate with people before the meeting and tell them what the objectives of the meeting are. He says there are three types of meetings:

Decide on a specific action – “Meeting A might be to broadly discuss a strategy and I am not asking for a resolution. What I’m asking for is an airing of different perspectives and viewpoints. So come prepared to do that.”
Resolve an issue – “For Meeting B, I may say that we have to resolve an issue. Come to me with different perspectives on the issue, but you are accountable to give me a recommendation.”
Garner Support and Constructive Confrontation – “[The] third type of meeting is where you want to elicit support. Then it’s better to be direct and say ‘we’re going to have a meeting. I know that there are specific concerns and issues’…many leaders don’t like to engage in what I call constructive confrontation. [This is where leaders say] ‘we’re going to have a meeting, we’re going to have a debate, we’re going to argue about it, here are the rules of the road for the argument and that at the end of it, whether you agree or disagree, we’re going to decide on a course of action and then we’re going to decide how we implement it.’ 

He goes on to say:
“The more you can be upfront and give people a heads up on what is expected at the meeting [the better]. Because what I don’t want are just empty participants at a meeting. I like people to be aware of what the objectives are, therefore what their behaviors should be and what their accountability is for their role at the meeting. ” 
Time Management
So how exactly does the CEO of an $80 billion company spend his time? And can startups learn anything from it?
Chenault has discussed his time management. He splits it up in three segments:

Get the right talent in the company and get them in places where they most efficiently work.
Set key priorities and objectives, and monitor the progress throughout the year.
Spend time with customers and clients to keep company externally focused.

Here is Chenault, in his own words:
“What I try to always do in managing my time is to set a framework for how I’m going to manage the business. What are the key short term and moderate term and long term issues that I need to deal with? When should I make sure that the organization has the necessary context so that [we] can implement the actions in the best possible way?
“I spend a fair amount of time on making sure we’re arraying the right level of talent and the set of skills that we need to accomplish things. So that range may be 20-50% where I am challenging my business leaders, understanding what the skills and competencies are so that I can array them in the appropriate way.
“Second, what I try to do, and I do this throughout the year, is at the beginning of each year, I set [some of] the key priorities [and] key objectives. You gotta be flexible enough, particularly in the world we live in today to make adjustments.
“I also believe you need to spend a good percentage of your time with customers and clients. Because that keeps you externally focused on the marketplace, and then what you’re doing is you’re making sure your organization is outwardly focused.”
Don’t Pursue a Job, Pursue a Way of Life
When asked how he’s achieved his personal success, Chenault says:
“I think, at the end of the day, that it is a mistake simply to pursue a job. Instead, you should pursue a way of life. The opportunity for me is to make a fundamental difference in people’s lives, both inside and outside the company. To lead a very successful enterprise, that is not just focused on achieving business success. That’s a consequence of doing the right things for our employees and our customers.
“The challenge of operating a global company is a terrific, terrific opportunity. You cannot be successful as a CEO in the short, moderate or long term if you don’t have a passion for what you’re doing. Because the challenges and the issues are so substantial that if you don’t have that passion, you’re going to wilt. Fortunately, I think I’ve got that passion.”
Chenault puts a focus on making a difference in people’s lives, and being the CEO of a company helps him fulfill that.
Others find hobbies that they enjoy (such as building and creating) and they find a profession that ensures they can use their respective avocations.
Ken Chenault Quotes
On Using Your Own Product:
“You gotta eat what you cook.”
On Adversity:
“You can lead people through adversity if you’re honest and you give them the context of why the actions are being taken.”
On the Soul of a Company:
“I think it’s very, very important that a company understand what I call ‘what their soul is, what their core is’ and then they’ve gotta build from that. You can expand, but you’ve got to understand what you stand for.”
On the Best Run Companies:
“The best run companies…are the companies that encourage their employees to, in fact, self-report and raise issues, and have that type of environment.”
On Self Improvement:
“One of the things that I try to do really every year is think about 2 or 3 areas that I want to improve going forward in my own leadership.”
What People Want in a Leader:
“What I think people want, from a leadership standpoint, is they want a leader who is resolute, who is going to say ‘this is a core priority. I’ve got to reach across the aisle, but these are my key objectives. [A]t the end of the day, here are some principles and beliefs that I hold that are core.’ People have to have a way to frame you and judge you.”
During Times of Crisis:
“Leadership reputations are made in times of crises.”
On the Social Responsibility of Businesses:
“Business exists because society allows us to exist. And in exchange for that permission to pursue profits, business must behave and act in ways that protect and enhance the world we live in. In other words, a business exists to serve its customers and the communities in which it operates. You can’t just look at the bottom line. There is an impact on society that goes far beyond the products or jobs it creates.”
On Facing Reality:
“What you learn through different crises is the importance that you need to communicate on a consistent basis, you need to be visible, and I go back to [define reality and give hope]. Which is really hard for any leader; is how do you define reality? How do you get it from your people? How do you analyze things?
“Because most people don’t want to face reality. Most people want to rationalize parts of reality away. But it’s not enough to analyze that, you then have to give people concrete reasons to hope. And the point I’d make is if they don’t trust you, they’re not going to have faith in you to take the risks that you need to take.”
On Being Successful:
“I think to be successful in any endeavor, you’ve got to have a combination of humility, but you also have to have a level of confidence. You need to learn from experiences, you need to acquire those technical skills…I think you’ve gotta really have a belief in yourself, there’s no substitute for confidence, but you can’t let that lead to arrogance
.” Chenault says you need to have a balance in knowing what you’re good at and what you need to get better at.
On Being Passionate
“What you need to decide on, most importantly, what I would say is what are your passions? What is that you want to do? Then get the training to make that happen. But the most important thing is to keep your confidence and to keep your balance. Because I think when you’re trying to break barriers it’s all about keeping balance and focus. I think that the door has been opened enough…and what is absolutely critical is don’t listen to someone who will tell you ‘it’s not your time.’ The reality is, it is your time…. [Y]ou’ve got to push for those opportunities.”
On Stepping Up During Times of Crisis:
“In volatile times, leaders are more closely scrutinized. Employees will look for constancy from their leader. If you cannot step up in times of crisis, you will lose credibility and followership.”
On Your Network:
“[I try to] reach outside the company and I think I put together a pretty good worldwide network of people that I check in with a fair amount online. Some of it on the phone, some of it in person. [This network] really brings out some different perspectives so it may not be that they give you the brilliant idea, but they give you a different way of thinking about an issue that helps you come up with that idea.”
Ken Chenault Tidbits:

To be successful in business, you always have to take a little bit of risk.
In managers and employees, don’t just be concerned about the results they get, but how they get the results and how they manage people. Results aren’t the only issue.
Chenault believes that corporations need to give back to the community. He says “Corporations exist because society allows them to exist; and that’s something corporations need to understand. There’s not any entitlement that corporations can exist on their own. Society allows us to exist, there needs to be a compact with society. And that means that corporations have to have a social responsibility to make a difference.”
Chenault’s three operating principles:

Provide superior value to the customer and clients that we serve
Do it in a way that achieves best in class economics
Everything we do should support and enhance the brand



He says that it’s important to manage by principles, not rules.
Before he was CEO, AMEX acquired many brands. While Chenault was an executive at AMEX and working his way up, he went to the president and CEO and said that the businesses tied to AMEX don’t support the brand. Chenault said: 
“we have a number of business that I believe don’t support the brand, they may be good businesses, but they’re not going to support and enhance our brand.
“We actually started a program to divest these companies. It was not because I believed we’d have a financial crisis in 2008, but I just did not believe that those businesses supported our brand. I want to be clear, I did not think they were bad businesses. But obviously if we had owned those businesses in 2008, let me assure you, I wouldn’t be sitting here today…there was a mortgage business, we had Leman, we would have been out of business.”

Don’t let the job define you – “I see too many CEOs who, in fact, over time let the job define them. Understand when you cease being CEO, you still got to live with yourself, you still got to be proud of who you are and what you’ve done.”
As CEO of AMEX, Chenault has been very focused on what he wants his role to be.
Develop a global perspective. It’s important to know about different cultures, Chenault says.
By taking risks, you’ll be in a better situation, and you’ll have a level of confidence that you can tackle the next challenge.
It’s also important to understand digital. But that’s not enough, Chenault says. You have to appreciate the convergence of offline and online. An example of this is Apple retail. “The physical retail experience has changed as a result of the digital. It’s not either/or; and that’s very important.”
Find your priorities, scale it up, and get employees around it.
When you’re in high school and college, you need to figure out what your core values and beliefs are. You then need to find an employer who aligns with those values and beliefs.
Chenault believes that if you can align a group’s interests and values, you can have an “incredibly motivated group.”
You can’t shrink to greatness. Chenault says that some companies become too protective of their own brand so they don’t expand. He gives the example of Diner’s Club. He says AMEX could have become that. They could have stayed in travel and entertainment and high end. “How do you build that value? Don’t compromise it, but be driven by what the customer needs are. Our customers had a range of spending needs and we wanted to gain scale and relevance around the world…the reality is you need to work with partners, you need to expand, and what you can’t do is shrink to greatness. You’ve got to grow and you’ve got to use your brand to grow; but you’ve got to treasure that brand because that’s your moat around your castle.”
In customer service, hire people who like to serve people. It sounds obvious, but many companies don’t do it.
Strong brands bring both a rational and emotional connection. “Anyone who studies brands knows the way you build the strongest brand is you have rational appeal and you have an emotional connection. If you’re viewed as a company that doesn’t have that emotional connection, you’re missing out on a terrific set of business opportunities but [you’re also] missing out on a strong brand.”
Chenault says people make mistakes when “they use short term data to come up with long term conclusions.” 
In leadership, Chenault adds that it’s critical to give people context that they can operate in. They should be able to evaluate their opportunity and success. They need to know what they need to learn, and they need a level of feedback.
What’s the ultimate compliment to a leader? Seeing the leaders that they’ve developed. Chenault says that’s his proudest accomplishment: People, previously under him, who went on to become great leaders either at other companies or with American Express.
When asked about competition, he says: “Don’t let yourself be defined by the competition…. Don’t let someone else define who you are. Really focus on how you can create what I call ‘a great share of mind of your customer.’ Because I think to have the best relationship, you’ve got to be connected, and you have to have what I call both a rational and emotional connection with your customer…. [B]ut what I think is most important is to have the ability to drive change in your organization.”

About the Author: Zach Bulygo is a blogger for KISSmetrics, you can find him on Twitter here. You can also follow him on Google+.


Related Posts

Extreme Leadership: The Need for Speed
How Eventbrite Built and Scaled Their Marketing Organization










Zach
May 24, 2013 at 11:06 am 
The post is long, but it’s filled with lots of good information and advice for just about anyone. 
Chenault sums up the Napolean quote as “The role of a leader is to define reality and give hope.” So the leader has to tell others what the reality of the situation is and give them hope about the future. It’s difficult and few leaders are good at it. 
American Express can be a more expensive card, as many of their products are targeted towards the affluent. But as I mentioned, it’s a very well run company that’s admired by many.







Kim
May 25, 2013 at 7:39 am 
Hello !
        Chenault is awesome. I really liked all the lessons by him. Specially those four things which a leader must have is really appreciable. This is so true because these are too much important to lead.
Thanks.
Kim







Zach
May 27, 2013 at 8:32 pm 
Totally agree Kim! It would be wise for any aspiring leader to take in Chenault’s leadership advice.









Sue
May 25, 2013 at 3:27 pm 
I’m a huge believer of constructive confrontation. I think there’s nothing more detrimental than someone who holds everything in and doesn’t get to express their feelings and opinions. This is a great list of lessons overall.







Zach
May 27, 2013 at 8:40 pm 
This is the first time I learned about constructive confrontation. I’ve never engaged in it myself, but think it would be super helpful. People need to be able to debate issues freely and not fear reprimand. I think this is how you get the best ideas and are more able to settle things.









Afzal
May 27, 2013 at 9:49 am 
very insightful post! thanks for sharing the sampled data







Zach
May 27, 2013 at 8:32 pm 
Glad you liked it Afzal!









Mac
May 28, 2013 at 8:49 am 
I like the idea of having a sense of humor as one of the 4 great attributes of a good CEO. You can be approachable and feared at the same time. Companies grow when employees feel good about what they are doing and the environment in which they do it.







Zach
May 28, 2013 at 9:01 am 
+1 to that!









Vicki Simmons
Sep 05, 2013 at 4:46 am 
I find the article interesting especially given the conversations I have had with American Express customer service this morning.  After being transferred, at my request, to three different supervisors, I asked the person for the name of the CEO.  Their response:  I do not know who is the CEO.  We are a global organization, mam, I cannot possibly know everyone.  I asked for them to give me the name and contact information for someone in the US that could possibly have authority to make decisions versus reading off a page.  Their response was the same.  I asked them if they knew their corporate values.  They did not.  So I read the values from the website to her.  I’m told the call was being recorded. It occurred at 7:25 a.m. CST with Simone. (and if anyone from American Express would like to contact me I am open to a conversation).  I will write a letter to the CEO as I am curious to hear how he would want his people to represent American Express given that one of his tidbits is being successful means be willing to take a bit of a risk.







Ann
Sep 13, 2013 at 11:58 pm 
I enjoyed the interview and I think Mr. Chenault’s advice and comments are valuable.  However, whether the customer service of Amex actually follows his lead is not certain.  I definitely agree the customer shoukd be a major focus (and many companies fail to realize this).  Not infrequently the CEO’s ideas get lost along the way and those at the customer service level fail to provide the service necessary to keep customers happy.  One bad exchange with customer service can send a customer to the competition — never to return.
   That is a risk some of his employees may not be recognizing.







Stephanie E Whitfield
Mar 10, 2015 at 5:30 pm 
Mr Ken Chenault craeted the american express serve for people like me who doesn’t have a real bank account. But i will be taking the CEO AMERICAN EXPRESS SERVE to court for a suit of not allowing customers to pay there bills, for online bill pay and he will loose this company. I am very serious, i will go to every news station stating how bad of a company this is for government and federal employees to use as regular normal people has used this card.







Diego
Mar 03, 2016 at 3:58 pm 
What??









Pat
Feb 28, 2016 at 4:03 pm 
I’ve met Ken on multiple occasions, extremely bright and personable guy. Has a great vision for the company and is ready to roll up his sleeves and get down to business if he needs to. 
Unfortunately, that’s where the leadership ends. I spent many years working with and For Amex and the corporate politics inside that place are at best, just as bad as any other bank and in many cases much worse.
Lots of VPs with no idea how to manage, SVPs simply pushing a balanced scorecard agenda and Directors who are faced with Gerstner’s old stack ranking methodology to enable favoritism in many cases. The review process internally isn’t transparent at all, and that’s not just a metaphor. When they review employees under director level, they do it in a conference room and literally black out the windows with paper! The output of reviews are “here’s your rating, do you accept it?” If you don’t, well, too bad. No explanation of why you received the rating you did and there’s no transparency as to who finished first and last.  
There’s no clear goals for advancement, no training for upward movement, and no clear path for most technical employees. 
So while Chenault and his team of merry makers try and figure out how to cut a billion dollars in operating costs(going to probably cut 15-25% of his workforce) over two years, it’s business as usual for those who are really doing the work. 
Good luck Ken, you’ll need it.







Jasemin Sibo
Jul 23, 2016 at 6:20 pm 
I was privileged to work with American Express in Sydney, Singapore and Kuala Lumpur offices. Amex is one of the most humane company I have ever come across, and the calibre of the leadership team is beyond exemplary. As CEO of my own startup I am applying the Blue Box values and leadership traits which I have internalized. I will always be a supporter and brand ambassador for Amex.






Comments are closed.


← Previous ArticleNext Article → 






Tweet
















Free Email Updates

Get the latest content first.


Comments








 



  
 






















Officers & Directors - American Express Investor Relations







































 
 






 
Skip to main content











Start of menu







My Account
You are under My Account tab


Card AccountsExpand / Collapse

Account Home
Statements & Activity
Profile
Card Benefits



Business AccountsExpand / Collapse

OPEN Small Business
Merchant Home
American Express @ Work



Other AccountsExpand / Collapse

Savings Accounts and CDs
Membership Rewards® Point Summary
Membership Rewards® Point Summary
Credit Secure
Bluebird Alternative to Banking
International Payments for Businesses








  


CARDS
You are under Cards tab


Personal CardsExpand / Collapse

Learn about Charge & Credit Cards
Choose a Card With Our Help
View all Personal Charge & Credit Cards
Learn about Charge & Credit Cards
Choose a Card With Our Help
View all Personal Charge & Credit Cards



Small Business CardsExpand / Collapse

Small Business Charge & Credit Cards
Compare Cards by Benefits
View All Small Business Cards



Corporate CardsExpand / Collapse

Corporate Cards
Compare Corporate Cards
Find a Custom Corporate Solution



Prepaid CardsExpand / Collapse

Reloadable Prepaid Cards
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
View All Prepaid & Gift Cards


  


TRAVEL
You are under Travel tab


Personal TravelExpand / Collapse

Book A Trip
Book Hotels
Book Flights, Cars, Cruises, Vacations
Fine Hotels & Resorts
Benefits of a Travel Specialist
Find a Destination Expert
Order Foreign Currency



Business TravelExpand / Collapse

Corporate Travel Solutions
Foreign Exchange Services



Other Travel ServicesExpand / Collapse

Travel Insurance
Travelers Cheques
Find a Travel Service Office
Global Assist Hotline








  


REWARDS
You are under Rewards tab


Membership RewardsExpand / Collapse

Membership Rewards® Home
Membership Rewards® Home
Use Points
Point Summary



Card Rewards and BenefitsExpand / Collapse

Explore Your Cards Rewards Program
Entertainment and Events
Entertainment and Events
Refer a Friend








  


BUSINESS
You are under Business tab


OPEN Small BusinessExpand / Collapse

Small Business Home
Small Business Charge & Credit Cards
Order Employee Cards
OPEN Forum



CorporationsExpand / Collapse

Corporate Cards
Supplier Payment Solutions
Corporate Travel Solutions
Meetings and Events
International Payments for Businesses



MerchantsExpand / Collapse

Merchant Home
Find Payment Solutions
Get Support
Get a Merchant Account
Learn About Business Loans




Global NetworkExpand / Collapse

Issuers and Acquirers
Providers and Developers









  









United States(Change Country)


Log In

Log Out


















 






Site FAQ
Contact Us
Change Country


Close Menu



At Your Service



Investor Relations

Financial Information

Earnings and Events
Financial Highlights
SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Insider Filings
Stress Test Results
Pillar 3 Disclosures



Stock Information

Stock Quote
Shareholder Services
Historic Prices
Dividends
Investment Calculators
FAQ



Corporate Governance

Officers & Directors
Governance Framework
Committee Composition


Proxy Statements

Fixed Income Investors

Funding & Liquidity Overview
Funding Programs
Primary Issuance Structure
Prospectus & Pricing Supplements
Asset Backed Securities
Credit Account Master Trust
Issuance Trust II
ABS SEC Filings
ABS CUSIP Lookup
Commercial Paper
Credit Ratings and Analysts
Fixed Income Presentations


News

Resources

Sign Up for Email Alerts
Information Request
Analyst Coverage
Our Contact Information























































Officers & Directors





Officers & Directors


 Expand All



Senior Management





Kenneth I. Chenault
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer








Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express Company, April 2001 
to present. Mr. Chenault joined American Express in 1981 and was named President 
of the U.S. division of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. in 
1993, Vice Chairman of American Express Company in 1995, President and Chief Operating 
Officer in 1997 and Chief Executive Officer in January 2001. Mr. Chenault serves 
as a director of International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) and The Procter 
& Gamble Company. Mr. Chenault is a member of The World Trade Center Memorial Foundation 
and a trustee of the NYU Langone Medical Center.







Douglas E. Buckminster
President, Global Consumer Services Group








Mr. Buckminster has been President, Global Consumer Services Group since October 2015. Previously, he had been President, Global Network and International Card Services since February 2012 and was President, International Consumer and Small Business from November 2009 to February 2012. Prior thereto he had been Executive Vice President, International Consumer Products and Marketing since July 2002.







James P. Bush
President, International Consumer Services Group








Mr. Bush has been Executive Vice President, World Service since October 2009. Prior thereto, he served as Executive Vice President, U.S. Service Delivery Network since June 2005.







Jeffrey C. Campbell
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer








Mr. Campbell has been Executive Vice President, Finance, of the Company since July 2013 and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since August 2013. Mr. Campbell joined American Express from McKesson Corporation, a health care services company, where he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2004.







L. Kevin Cox
Chief Human Resources Officer








Mr. Cox has been Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company since April 2005.







Paul D. Fabara
PRESIDENT GLOBAL RISK & COMPLIANCE, CHIEF RISK OFFICER








Mr. Fabara has been President, Global Risk & Compliance and Chief Risk Officer since 
February 2016. Prior thereto, he had been President, Global Banking Group since 
February 2013 and President, Global Network Business since September 2014. Mr. Fabara 
joined American Express in January 2011 as Executive Vice President of Global Credit 
Administration. Previously, Mr. Fabara was Managing Director and Global Head, Operations, 
Regulatory, Implementation and Planning at Barclays from February 2009 to January 
2011 and Global Chief Operating Officer for Barclays Credit Card Business from August 
2006 to February 2009. Prior thereto, he served as the Chief Operating Officer of 
Alliance Data Systems Retail.







Marc D. Gordon
Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer








Mr. Gordon has been Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since September 2012. Mr. Gordon joined American Express from Bank of America, where he served as Enterprise Chief Information Officer from December 2011 until April 2012. Prior thereto, he had been Chief Technology Officer, Global Delivery Operation at Bank of America from May 2008 until November 2011. Prior thereto, he had been Chief Information Officer, Global Consumer Bank at Bank of America from September 2004 until April 2008.







Ashwini Gupta
PRESIDENT CREDIT RISK & INFORMATION MANAGEMENT








Mr. Gupta has been President of Credit Risk & Information Management since February 2016. Prior thereto, he had been President of Risk and Information Management and Chief Risk Officer since July 2007.







Michael J. O’Neill
Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs & Communications








Mr. O’Neill has been Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs & Communications since September 2014.  Prior thereto, he had been Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs & Communications since 1991.







Laureen E. Seeger
Executive Vice President and General Counsel








Ms. Seeger has been Executive Vice President and General Counsel of the Company since July 2014. Ms. Seeger joined American Express from McKesson Corporation, a health care services company, where she served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer since 2006.







Susan Sobbott
President, Global Corporate Payments








Ms. Sobbott has been President, Global Corporate Payments since January 2014. Prior thereto, she had been President, American Express OPEN since 2004.







Stephen J. Squeri
Vice Chairman








Mr. Squeri has been Vice Chairman of American Express Company since July 2015 and has lead the Business-to-Business Group since October 2015. Previously, he had been Group President, Global Corporate Services since November 2011. From October 2009 to November 2011, he was Group President of Global Services. In addition, from May 2005 to October 2009, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for the Company. Mr. Squeri is a thirty year veteran of American Express having joined the company in 1985. He also serves as a director of American Express Global Business Travel, J.Crew Group and Guardian Life Insurance Company of America.







Anré Williams
President, Global Merchant Services and Loyalty








Mr. Williams has been President, Global Merchant Services and Loyalty since October 2015. Previously, he was President of Global Merchant Services since November 2011. Prior thereto, he had been President of Global Corporate Payments since June 2007. Prior thereto, he had been Executive Vice President of U.S. Commercial Card from January 2004 through May 2007.








Board of Directors





Kenneth I. Chenault
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express Company








Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express Company, April 2001 
to present. Mr. Chenault joined American Express in 1981 and was named President 
of the U.S. division of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. in 
1993, Vice Chairman of American Express Company in 1995, President and Chief Operating 
Officer in 1997 and Chief Executive Officer in January 2001. Mr. Chenault serves 
as a director of International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) and The Procter 
& Gamble Company. Mr. Chenault is a member of The World Trade Center Memorial Foundation 
and a trustee of the NYU Langone Medical Center.







Charlene Barshefsky
Senior International Partner, WilmerHale








Senior International Partner, WilmerHale, multinational law firm, Washington, 
D.C., since 2001, practicing in areas including international business transactions, 
government relations, market access, and regulation of business and investment. 
Prior to joining WilmerHale, Ambassador Barshefsky was the United States Trade Representative (USTR) 
and a member of the President’s Cabinet from 1997 to 2001, and Acting and Deputy 
USTR from 1993 to 1996. As the USTR, she served 
as chief trade negotiator and principal trade policymaker for the United States 
and, in both roles, negotiated complex market access, regulatory, and investment agreements with 
virtually every major country in the world. Ambassador Barshefsky is a director 
of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc., and 
Intel Corporation. She is a trustee of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and a 
member of the Council on Foreign Relations.







John J. Brennan
Chairman Emeritus and Senior Advisor of Vanguard









Ursula M. Burns
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Xerox Corporation








Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Xerox Corporation, a global company engaged in business processes and document management, since May 2010; Chief Executive Officer and director since July 2009; President and director, April 2007-July 2009; and Senior Vice President and President, Business Group Operations, January 2003-April 2007. Ms. Burns is a director of Exxon Mobil Corporation. She is a trustee of the Ford Foundation and of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and serves as director of FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology), National Academy Foundation, and the U.S. Olympic Committee. In March 2010, President Barack Obama appointed Ms. Burns Vice Chair of the President’s Export Council.







Peter Chernin
Founder and Chairman, Chernin Entertainment, Inc.








Founder and Chairman, Chernin Entertainment, Inc., a film and television production company, and The Chernin Group, which is involved in strategic opportunities in media, technology, and entertainment, June 2009 to present. Mr. Chernin was President, Chief Operating Officer, and a director of News Corporation from October 1996 to June 2009, and was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Fox Group, where he oversaw the global operations of the company’s film, television, satellite cable, and digital media businesses. At News Corporation, Mr. Chernin led the company’s expansion into the broadband and mobile markets, through the creation of Fox Interactive Media, Hulu, Jamba, and other digital properties. He is a director of Pandora Media, Inc. and Twitter, Inc. Mr. Chernin is Chairman and co-founder of Malaria No More and a director of the Harvard AIDS Initiative. Mr. Chernin is a former director of News Corporation, DirecTV, Inc., and Gemstar/T.V. Guide International.







Ralph de la Vega
VICE CHAIRMAN, AT&T INC. AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF BUSINESS SOLUTIONS AND  INTERNATIONAL, AT&T








Vice Chairman, AT&T Inc. and CEO of Business Solutions and International, AT&T, a multinational

telecommunications corporation, since February 2016. Mr. de la Vega leads AT&T’s integrated Business 

Solutions group (both mobile and IP services), which serves more than 3.5 million business customers in 200 

countries and territories, and nearly all the Fortune 1000 firms globally, and AT&T’s Mexican wireless business 

and DIRECTV Latin America, which was part of AT&T’s 2015 acquisition of DIRECTV. Mr. de la Vega was 

President Chief Executive Officer, AT&T Mobile and Business Solutions, August 2014 to February 2016; 

President and Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Mobility, 2007 to 2014, and prior thereto, the Chief Operating 

Officer of Cingular Wireless and President of BellSouth Latin America. Mr. de la Vega is a director of New York 

Life Insurance Company, where he is chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Governance and 

Insurance & Operations Committees. He also serves on the boards of the Georgia Aquarium, Morehouse 

College and Junior Achievement Worldwide. He is Chairman of the All-Markets Initiatives for the Boy Scouts of 

America. Mr. de la Vega has received numerous awards recognizing his leadership, including the Global 

Innovation Award from the Goizueta Business School at Emory University. He is the author of the book 

“Obstacles Welcome Turn Adversity to Advantage in Business and Life.”







Anne Lauvergeon
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, A.L.P. SAS








Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, A.L.P. SAS, a French advisory company. Chairman of Sigfox, a French start-up that operates a cellular network dedicated exclusively to small messages, since April 2014. Former Partner and Managing Director, Efficiency Capital, an advisory firm dedicated to funding technology and natural resources, from 2012 to April 2014; former Chief Executive Officer of AREVA Group, the leading French energy company, from July 2001 to June 2011; former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AREVA NC (formerly Cogema) from June 1999 to June 2011. Ms. Lauvergeon started her professional career in 1983 in the steel industry and in 1990 she was named Advisor for Economic International Affairs at the French Presidency and Deputy Chief of Staff in 1991. In 1995 she became a Partner of Lazard Frères & Cie, subsequently joining Alcatel Telecom as Senior Executive Vice President in March 1997. Ms. Lauvergeon is a director of Rio Tinto Plc, Total S.A. and Airbus Group. She is a former director of Vodafone Group Plc, GDF Suez S.A., Suez S.A., and Safran S.A. Ms. Lauvergeon has been a member of the United Nations Global Compact Board, has been an Executive Committee member of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, and serves in various not for profit organizations in France.







Michael O. Leavitt
Founder and Chairman, Leavitt Partners, LLC








Founder and Chairman, Leavitt Partners, LLC, a health care consulting firm, since 2009. Chairman of Leavitt Equity Partners, a private equity fund, formed in 2014. Prior to that Governor Leavitt was the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services from 2005 to 2009; Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from 2003 to 2005; and Governor of Utah from 1993 to 2003. Governor Leavitt is a director of HealthEquity, Inc. and Medtronic, Inc.







Theodore J. Leonsis
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Monumental Sports & Entertainment, LLC








Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Monumental Sports & Entertainment, LLC, a sports and entertainment company that owns the NBA’s Washington Wizards, NHL’s Washington Capitals, WNBA’s Washington Mystics, and the Verizon Center in Washington, D.C., since 1999. Mr. Leonsis is also a Vice Chairman Emeritus of AOL LLC, a leading global ad-supported Web company, since December 2006. Mr. Leonsis held a number of executive positions with AOL from September 1994 to December 2006, most recently as Vice Chairman and President, AOL Audience Business. Mr. Leonsis is Chairman of the Board of Groupon, Inc. He is also a filmmaker, an author, and a director of several private Internet and technologies companies and educational institutions. Mr. Leonsis was Chairman of Revolution Money, Inc., which American Express acquired in January 2010. In November 2011, Mr. Leonsis co-founded Revolution Growth II, LP, a “speed-up capital” fund to invest in technology-enabled businesses.







Richard C. Levin
Chief Executive Officer, CourseraPresident Emeritus, Yale University








Chief Executive Officer, Coursera, an educational platform that partners with top universities and organizations worldwide to offer courses online, since April 2014. President Emeritus, Yale University, a private independent university. Mr. Levin was the President of Yale University from July 1993-August 2013 and is the Frederick William Beinecke Professor of Economics. Former Chair of Yale’s Economics Department and Dean of Yale’s Graduate School of Arts and Science. Mr. Levin is a trustee of the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, one of the largest philanthropic organizations in the United States. He is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the American Philosophical Society. He is a director of C-3, an energy resource management company, and a former director of Satmetrix Systems, Inc. and Lucent Technologies. Mr. Levin has served on a number of Presidential Commissions and was appointed by President Barack Obama to serve on the President’s Council of Advisors for Science and Technology.







Samuel J. Palmisano
Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, IBM








Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, IBM, a company that provides business and information technology products and services. Mr. Palmisano joined IBM in 1973. He was elected Senior Vice President and Group Executive of the Personal Systems Group in 1997, Senior Vice President and Group Executive of IBM Global Services in 1998, Senior Vice President and Group Executive of Enterprise Systems in 1999, President and Chief Operating Officer in 2000, Chief Executive Officer in 2002 and Chairman of the Board in 2003. Mr. Palmisano was President and Chief Executive Officer through 2011, Chairman through September 2012, and senior adviser to IBM through December 2012. Mr. Palmisano is a director of Exxon Mobil Corporation and Chairman of the Center For Global Enterprises.







Daniel L. Vasella
Honorary Chairman and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Novartis AG








Honorary Chairman and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Novartis AG, a company that engages in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of health care products worldwide. Dr. Vasella served as Chairman of Novartis from 1999 to February 2013 and as Chief Executive Officer from 1996 to January 2010. From 1992 to 1996, Dr. Vasella held the positions of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President and Head of Worldwide Development and Head of Corporate Marketing at Sandoz Pharma Ltd. Dr. Vasella is a director of PepsiCo, Inc., a member of the International Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Mayor of Shanghai, a foreign honorary member of the Academy of Arts and Sciences, a trustee of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and a member of several industry associations and educational institutions.







Robert D. Walter
Founder and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Cardinal Health, Inc.








Founder and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Cardinal Health, Inc., a company that provides products and services supporting the health care industry. Mr. Walter retired from Cardinal Health in June 2008. Prior to his retirement, he served as Executive Director, November 2007 to June 2008; Executive Chairman of the Board, April 2006 to November 2007; and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 1979 to April 2006. Mr. Walter is a director of Nordstrom, Inc. and YUM! Brands, Inc. Mr. Walter is a former director of Cardinal Health and Battelle Memorial Institute.







Ronald A. Williams
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Aetna Inc.








Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Aetna Inc., a leading diversified health care benefits company; Chairman, from October 2006 to April 2011; Chief Executive Officer, February 2006 to November 2010; President, May 2002 to July 2007. Mr. Williams is a director of The Boeing Company and Johnson & Johnson, and is lead director of Envision Healthcare. He serves as an operating advisor to Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC. He is a member of The Business Council and a trustee of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he is also a member of the Dean’s Advisory Council and Alfred P. Sloan Management Society at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is also a trustee of the Committee for Economic Development. He is a former director of Lucent Technologies. Prior to joining Aetna, Mr. Williams co-founded several businesses and served in senior management positions at a number of other companies.

















Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of Use





×
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
























The investor relations site ("Site") with which this document is associated is maintained by S&P Global Market Intelligence ("S&P") on behalf of the organization featured on the Site (S&P's "Client"). These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms of Use") set forth the terms on which you may use the Site, and the information and materials contained therein (the "Contents"). By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use the Site or Contents in any manner, and you should immediately discontinue any use of the Site or the Contents.
S&P and/or its Client shall have the right at any time to modify or discontinue any aspect of the Site or any part of the Contents. S&P may also modify these Terms of Use without notice. You agree to monitor these Terms of Use, and to cease all access or use of the Site if you no longer agree to abide by the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute acceptance of such modification.
S&P and the Client grant to you a limited, personal license to access the Site and to access and download the Contents, but only for your own personal, family and household use. You may not use, reproduce, distribute or display any portion of the Site for any other purpose, including without limit any commercial purpose. You may use the Site and the Contents for lawful purposes only. S&P and Client reserve all rights not expressly granted, including the right to terminate your use of the Site without notice.
The Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks and service marks, and other proprietary information, including but not limited to text, software, and graphics, which materials are owned by S&P and/or its Client. S&P and Client reserve all rights in the Contents. You agree not to reproduce, distribute, sell, broadcast, publish, retransmit, disseminate, circulate or commercially exploit the Site or the Contents without the express written consent of S&P and the Client.
You agree to access the Contents and the Site manually, by request, and not automatically, through the use of a program, or other means. You agree not to take any action, alone or with others, that would interfere with the operation of the Site, to alter the Site in any way, or to impede others' access to and freedom to enjoy and use the Site as made available by S&P and S&P’s Client.
THE SITE AND THE CONTENTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. S&P, ITS CLIENT, AND ANY OTHER PROVIDERS OF THE INFORMATION EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
NEITHER, S&P, THE CLIENT NOR EITHER OF THEIR AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY , PUNITIVE SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SITE, THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR THE CONTENTS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN PARTICULAR, S&P WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY YOUR RELIANCE ON INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE.
                                    
It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any of the Contents available on the Site. Please seek the advice of professionals regarding the evaluation of any of the information on the Site.
The Site does not represent an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security.
These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and it can be amended only via written agreement by S&P. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the law of New York, without regard to principals of conflicts or choice of laws.













 
















About American Express
Investor Relations
Careers
Site Map
Contact Us
Mobile & Tablet Apps
















Products & Services
Credit Cards
Small Business Credit Cards
Corporate Cards
Prepaid Cards
Savings Accounts & CDs
Gift Cards




Links You May Like
Membership Rewards®
Mobile & Tablet Apps
CreditSecure®
Serve®
Bluebird®
Accept Amex Cards
Refer a Friend





Terms of Service
Privacy Center
AdChoices
Card Agreements
Security Center
Financial Education
Servicemember Benefits

All users of our online services subject to Privacy Statement and agree to be bound by Terms of Service. Please review.
© 2017 American Express Company. All rights reserved.
















































Kenneth I. Chenault 1951— Biography - Brains but little ambition as a young man













Home
Business Biographies
 A-E
 Kenneth I. Chenault 1951— Biography



      Kenneth I. Chenault
      
      1951–
    











        Chairman and chief executive officer, American Express Company
      


      Nationality: American.
    

      Born: June 2, 1951, in New York, New York.
    

      Education: Bowdoin College, BA, 1973; Harvard University Law School, JD,
      1976.
    

      Family: Son of Hortenius Chenault (dentist) and Anne Quick (dental
      hygienist); married Kathryn Cassell (nonpracticing attorney); children:
      two.
    

      Career: Rogers & Wells, 1977–1979, attorney; Bain &
      Company, 1979–1981, management consultant; American Express
      Company, 1981–1983, director of strategic planning; American
      Express Travel Related Services Company, 1981–1996, vice president,
      then senior vice president; 1986–1988, executive vice president of
      platinum/gold card; 1988–1989, executive vice president of
      personal-card division; 1990–1993, president of consumer-card and
      financial-services group; 1993–1995, president; American Express
      Company, 1995–1997, vice chairman; 1997–2000, president and
      COO; 2001–, chairman and CEO.
    

      Address: American Express Company, World Financial Center, 200 Vesey
      Street, 50th Floor, New York, New York 10281-1009;
      http://www.americanexpress.com.
    

      ■ One of just four African American CEOs of Fortune 500 companies
      in 2004, Kenneth I. Chenault was a leader by example and an executive who
      focused on performance day in, day out. As the head of American Express
      Company (AMEX) he reenergized his company's brand, increased its
      market share, and won back many of the merchants who had abandoned the
      firm because of its high fees. He inspired fierce loyalty in his
      employees, boosting morale in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001,
      terrorist attacks. Chenault was designated to succeed the outgoing CEO in
      1999 and officially took over the role in January 2001.
    

      With 2003 sales of $25.9 billion American Express was a prominent
      financial-services firm and the world's number-one
    




           Kenneth I. Chenault. 
          
            AP/Wide World Photos
          
          . 
        


      travel agency. It issued traveler's checks, published
      magazines—such as 
      
        Food & Wine
      
       and 
      
        Travel & Leisure
      
      —and provided financial-advisory services. The company had four
      units: Global Corporate Services, Global Financial Services, Global
      Establishment Services and Traveler's Cheques, and U.S. Consumer
      and Small Business Services. On the Internet AMEX offered online banking
      and mortgage and brokerage services. Warren Buffett's Berkshire
      Hathaway owned about 11 percent of the company. Key competitors included
      Carlson Wagonlit, JTB, and Visa.
    

      BRAINS BUT LITTLE AMBITION AS A YOUNG MAN
    

      Chenault's immense success in corporate America could not have been
      predicted based on his performance early in life. As a high-school student
      in a middle-class white community
       he received a slew of Cs—except in history class, where he
      typically earned As. His parents knew that he was extremely intelligent
      but worried about whether he had the focus to maximize his potential. They
      were certainly good role models: Chenault's father graduated first
      in his class at Howard University's Dental School, and his mother
      graduated at the top of her class at Howard's School of Dental
      Hygiene. While he had an incessant desire to learn, Chenault conceded in 
      
        Ebony
      
       magazine with respect to his poor performance in school,
      "I'm sure it was frustrating for them that I was not
      applying myself" (July 1997).
    

      Chenault eventually received crucial mentoring from Peter Curran, the head
      of Waldorf High School—a private school in Garden City, New
      York—who encouraged the wayward student to apply himself. When
      Chenault graduated, he did so with numerous honors; he had been class
      president, an honor student, and the captain of the basketball, soccer,
      and track teams. He enrolled in Springfield College in Massachusetts,
      which had offered him a sports scholarship, but craved a more academic
      experience and thus ended up at Bowdoin College in Maine.
    

      MOTIVATED TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE
    

      At Bowdoin, Chenault realized that he wanted to pursue a profession that
      would enable him to help other African Americans. He debated the merits of
      a corporate career with fellow African American students—there were
      23 at Bowdoin at the time, as compared with the 950 white
      students—who warned of a lifestyle that might ultimately force him
      to abandon his convictions. Chenault disagreed, believing it to be
      possible for an African American to succeed without selling out. During
      these often-heated discussions, Chenault displayed his aptitude for
      debate. Rasuli Lewis, a fellow Bowdoin student who remained a friend, told
      
      
        Ebony
      
      , "His style was to come in more the middle of the road, to say
      let's consider both sides here, and to look at it from the point of
      fact rather than emotion" (July 1997).
    

      Chenault had the ability to elicit respect from African American and white
      students alike. Geoffrey Canada, another college friend, told 
      
        Fortune
      
      , "This was a time when people wanted you to choose sides; he sat
      with whomever he wanted. What was remarkable was that he could do that and
      still remain in the mainstream of both worlds. Other people would end up
      being shunned by one group or the other" (January 22, 2001).
    

      LANDING A COVETED JOB WITHOUT AN MBA
    

      After graduating from Bowdoin and later from Harvard Law School, Chenault
      spent two years in corporate law at Rogers & Wells and two more
      years at Bain & Company as a management consultant. W. Mitt Romney,
      the son of former governor of Michigan who had attended Harvard Law School
      with Chenault and gone on to Bain, recruited Chenault to the firm. Romney
      told 
      
        Ebony
      
      , "I'll take full credit for hiring Ken. Although Ken lacked
      an MBA, he was a natural fit for the business world. He was able to
      process a lot of conflict and frenzy and still be able to cut through the
      confusion and arrive at very powerful conclusions and recommendations and
      then see them through to their implementation" (July 1997).
    

      BOOSTING AMEX'S BUSINESS AND HIS STOCK
    

      Recruited by the legendary Lou Gerstner in 1981, Chenault moved to
      American Express to become a director of Strategic Planning in Travel
      Related Services. In early 1983 he joined the company's
      merchandise-services unit, which sold items such as luggage tags and
      clocks to cardholders through direct mailings and catalogs. Gerstner and
      other AMEX executives actually discouraged Chenault from joining the unit,
      which lacked the platform and visibility of other divisions.
    

      Chenault saw the move from an entirely different perspective, however: if
      he could turn around the struggling division, he thought, people would
      notice. Instead of luggage tags and clocks Chenault invested in
      bigger-ticket items such as electronics and home furnishings. He formed
      partnerships with Panasonic and Sharp, which were eager to expand the
      distribution channels for their recently released video recorders. In just
      three years the division's sales skyrocketed from $100 million to
      $700 million. Tom Flood, who worked under Chenault from 1983 to 1986,
      remarked in 
      
        Fortune
      
      , "The business grew so quickly, and he had made such a quick
      impact, that his stock really rose after that. It put him on the
      map" (January 22, 2001).
    

      TURNING AROUND AMEX
    

      By the early 1990s Chenault was overseeing most of the company's
      travel-related services. It was a challenging period; the economy was
      weakened by a recession, the company's card business was losing
      customers to Visa and MasterCard, and merchants began protesting the high
      fees that they were being forced to pay: AMEX charged a fee of 4 percent
      of every transaction, while Visa charged less than half that amount. Due
      to the excessive fees many merchants—including a group of Boston
      restaurants whose collective decision was tagged as the "Boston Fee
      Party" by local papers—eventually refused to accept the
      American Express card. Chenault commented in 
      
        Black Enterprise
      
      , "The focus in the early 1990s was frankly one of survival; we
      were falling off a cliff. But you can't stand still and say the
      objective is to survive in the long term. You have to say that the
      objective is to win" (September 30, 1999).
    

      As president of the domestic consumer-card division Chenault was
      instrumental in turning around the charge-card
       business. His many accomplishments included expanding the
      company's customer base beyond the affluent cardholders who paid
      off their balances each month; signing on an impressive number of gas
      stations, discounters, and supermarkets as acceptors of the card;
      establishing the later highly regarded Membership Rewards loyalty program
      (one of the biggest—if not the biggest—rewards program on
      the market); and striking partnerships with companies like Delta Airlines,
      wherein the company expanded its lending business through the issuing of
      cobranded cards that allowed customers to carry balances.
    

      Additionally Chenault reached a truce with merchants, though not everyone
      at AMEX agreed with his strategy—particularly his expansion into
      lower-end businesses like gas stations. Tom Ryder, who rose through the
      ranks alongside Chenault, said in 
      
        Fortune
      
      , "It was an extremely unpopular stance. Ken was the leader of a
      fairly small group that said unless we made some fundamental changes, we
      were going to eventually get killed" (January 22, 2001).
    

      RISING THROUGH THE RANKS BASED ON PERFORMANCE
    

      Chenault eventually won dissenters over, gradually transforming AMEX from
      an uncompetitive, obsolete company into a booming business. The level of
      interest in the Membership Rewards program surprised even Chenault. Quests
      for airline miles generated a surge in AMEX charges, and the program
      helped AMEX woo new merchants as well: the number accepting the card grew
      from 3.6 million in 1993 to more than 7.2 million worldwide in 1999.
    

      As AMEX's financial performance vaulted forward, so did
      Chenault's career. In 1993 AMEX's new CEO, Harvey Golub,
      appointed Chenault as head of U.S. Travel Services, a title that entailed
      responsibility for the company's entire domestic card business and
      about half of its revenues. Together Golub and Chenault restructured the
      company, generating more than $3 billion in savings, and continued an
      aggressive foray into mainstream businesses. In 1995 AMEX signed on with
      Wal-Mart—an important win in the fight with Visa and MasterCard for
      market share.
    

      Between 1995 and 2000 earnings increased every year, reaching $2.8 billion
      in 2000. The number of American Express cards issued to consumers
      increased from 25.3 million in 1994 to more than 29 million by 1996. In
      1995 Chenault was named vice chairman, and two years later he was named
      president and chief operating officer. In April 1999 he was named the
      eventual successor to Golub.
    

      THE SOFTER SIDE OF A LEADER
    

      The public undeniably wanted Chenault to succeed. Anne Busquet, the
      president of American Express Relationship Services, noted in 
      
        Ebony
      
      , "You would go in elevators and hear, 'Isn't it
      exciting about Ken? Can you believe that Ken got promoted? Isn't it
      fantastic? Oh, I feel much better about the company now that Ken is
      president.' People wrote him notes; he was flooded with e-mail;
      there were flowers and calls from corporate and political leaders"
      (July 1997).
    

      People inside the company looked up to Chenault—even those who had
      competed with him for the CEO spot. The intense loyalty that he generated
      in colleagues was a product of his low-key, caring management style.
      Rather than being afraid of their leader—as was the relationship
      between many subordinates and their CEOs—Chenault's
      employees enjoyed his inspiring presence. The classic axiom states that
      leaders can lead by fear or by love; Chenault seemed to motivate workers
      to fear losing his love. Louise Parent, the executive vice president and
      general counsel for the company, remarked in 
      
        Black Enterprise
      
      , "He is the kind of person who inspires you to want to do your
      best. Part of the reason is his example" (September 30, 1999).
    

      AN AFRICAN AMERICAN PIONEER
    

      When in January 2001 Chenault claimed the top position at American
      Express—one of the best-known symbols of U.S. capitalism, then with
      yearly sales of $25 billion—the prospects for African Americans in
      corporate America had seemed dismal. At General Electric, for example,
      just one of the top 20 business units was led by an African American. Only
      two other African Americans headed Fortune 500 companies: Franklin Raines
      was the CEO of Fannie Mae, and A. Barry Rand was the CEO of Avis. John O.
      Utendahl, himself a high-ranking African American working in financial
      services and a close friend of Chenault, told 
      
        Fortune
      
      , "When Ken joined American Express 20 years ago, no one would have
      taken the odds that he would be CEO. But as crazy as this may sound, Ken
      would have taken that bet. The playing field for minorities may not be
      level, but when Ken plays, he plays to win" (January 22, 2001).
    

      For his part Chenault did not dwell on racial issues. He understood the
      social significance of his appointment but wanted people to judge him
      based solely on his performance. He commented in 
      
        Fortune
      
      , "It's a big deal; I won't minimize it. But I want
      them to say, 'He's a terrific CEO,' not
      'He's a terrific black CEO.' Because the reasons why
      I'm CEO have nothing to do with the social significance of this
      breakthrough. I've always been focused on performance"
      (January 22, 2001).
    

      A CEO STUMBLES
    

      Early in his tenure as CEO Chenault sent the message to Wall Street that
      he had not been completely prepared for the job. After announcing record
      earnings for 2000, several
       months later he shocked investors with news of a $182 million write-off
      on some surprisingly risky assets in the company's money-management
      division, American Express Financial Advisors. Chenault consequently
      reduced the company's junk portfolio from 12 percent to about 8
      percent and decreased the risks of other investments.
    

      Several months later Chenault caused an even bigger tremor when he
      announced an additional $826 million charge on the same portfolio;
      second-quarter earnings sagged 76 percent to $178 million. The central
      problem was an investment strategy in high-risk junk bonds that had been
      embarked upon years before Chenault would have his say. While no one could
      criticize Chenault for operations that had been initiated prior to his
      watch, critics were troubled by the fact that Chenault appeared to make no
      effort to understand what the company's rationale at the time had
      been. When asked in 
      
        BusinessWeek
      
       why American Express would put its money into such a risky investment,
      Chenault responded by simply saying, "I don't know. This is
      a strategy that was embarked upon seven or eight years ago. I don't
      know all the rationale and philosophy" (October 29, 2001).
    

      BOOSTING MORALE AFTER SEPTEMBER 11
    

      Chenault showed his true colors as CEO in the aftermath of the September
      11, 2001, terrorist attacks on New York City. On the day of the attacks
      Chenault was stuck in Salt Lake City on a business trip. Still, he was
      able to make his leadership felt from afar, as he happened to be on the
      phone with a New York employee when the first plane crashed. AMEX's
      headquarters were across the street from the former World Trade Center; he
      asked to be transferred to security and told them to immediately evacuate
      everyone from the building.
    

      In the hours and days that followed, Chenault made countless decisions
      that would ease the impact of the attacks on both cardholders and
      employees. To help the former, millions of dollars in late fees were
      forgiven, and credit limits were increased. In an effort to comfort the
      latter, Chenault invited his five thousand employees to New York's
      Paramount Theater on September 20 for a somber meeting. At that meeting he
      admitted that his grief had been so strong that he had needed to see a
      counselor. He announced plans to donate $1 million of the company's
      profits to the families of AMEX employees who had died on September 11.
      Charlene Barshefsky, a partner at Wilmer Cutler & Pickering who
      viewed a video of the event, told 
      
        BusinessWeek
      
      , "The manner in which he took command, the comfort and the
      direction he gave to what was obviously an audience in shock was of a
      caliber one rarely sees" (October 29, 2001).
    

      After 9/11 American Express committed to keeping its headquarters
      downtown; it was one of the first major companies to pledge their imminent
      return to Lower Manhattan.
    

      Chenault commented in 
      
        New York Voice Inc./Harlem USA
      
      , "Our 152-year history is filled with defining
      moments—staying open during crises when others close, coming
      through for our customers all around the world, doing the right things
      even when it is difficult to do. When we look back on this day several
      years from now, I believe we will see it as another defining moment that
      marked the beginning of a new era of growth and opportunity for our
      company and our city" (May 22, 2002).
    

      FIGHTING FOR MARKET SHARES ON ALL FRONTS
    

      In the first half of the 2000s Chenault continued pumping new blood into
      the AMEX brand. He pushed hard for the development of the Blue card, a
      trendy, fashionable card with a microchip allowing cardholders to make
      secure transactions online. The card appealed to the much-coveted younger
      demographic.
    

      Further increasing the company's market share, Chenault led
      AMEX's campaign to build links with banks, changing the
      company's traditional policy of only issuing cards directly to
      consumers. He sold banks on the notion that they could increase their
      profitability by signing on with AMEX, because the company still took
      higher fees from merchants and because AMEX customers generally charged
      more money to their cards. Chenault said in 
      
        American Banker
      
      , "The leverage that we had as a competitive advantage was a higher
      merchant discount rate" (June 30, 2000).
    

      Chenault's strategy led to legal disputes with the Visa and
      MasterCard banking associations, which prohibited their members from
      issuing AMEX cards. In September 2003 a federal appeals court upheld a
      lower court ruling requiring Visa USA and MasterCard International to
      abandon long-held rules prohibiting member banks from issuing cards by
      American Express and other rivals. Visa and MasterCard said that they
      would appeal the ruling, while Chenault announced plans to forge
      partnerships with even more banks by the middle of 2004.
    

      In one of Chenault's proudest accomplishments, he signed Tiger
      Woods to an AMEX contract. Both Chenault and Woods were leading figures
      who happened to be African Americans but whose winning appeal was truly
      universal.
    




        See also
      
       entry on American Express Company in 
      
        International Directory of Company Histories
      
      .
    



      sources for further information
    

      Byrne, John A., and Heather Timmons, "Tough Times for a New
      CEO," 
      
        BusinessWeek
      
      , October 29, 2001, p. 64.
    

      Fickenscher, Lisa, "The President of Amex Depicts It as Victim:
      Judge Admits Documents about DOJ Talks," 
      
        American Banker
      
      , June 30, 2000, p. 1.
    


        New York Voice Inc./Harlem USA
      
      , May 22, 2002, p. 19.
    

      Pierce, Ponchitta, "Kenneth Chenault: Blazing New Paths in
      Corporate America," 
      
        Ebony
      
      , July 1997, p. 58.
    

      Schwartz, Nelson D., "What's in the Card for Amex? New CEO
      Ken Chenault Has No Shortage of Plans for American Express," 
      
        Fortune
      
      , January 22, 2001, p. 58.
    

      Whigham-Desir, Marjorie, "Leadership Has Its Rewards: Ken
      Chenault's Low-Key Yet Competitive Style Has Pushed Him Up the
      Executive Ladder and to the CEO's Chair," 
      
        Black Enterprise
      
      , September 30, 1999, p. 73.
    



      —Tim Halpern
    










User Contributions:


Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:





Name:



E-mail:



Show my email publicly



Type the code shown:








Public Comment: (50-4000 characters)





 Send comment



 
Kenneth I. Chenault 1951— Biography forum




			Chen Tonghai 1948–
		

			Cho, Fujio 1937–
		 





















Business Biographies













Home
 Business Biographies

Business Biographies


Business Biographies - A-E
Contains articles like F. Duane Ackerman 1942— Biography, Josef Ackermann 1948— Biography, Shai Agassi 1968— Biography, Umberto Agnelli 1934—2004 Biography, Ahn Cheol-soo 1962— Biography, Naoyuki Akikusa 1938— Biography, Raúl Alarcón Jr. 1956— Biography, William F. Aldinger III 1947— Biography, Vagit Y. Alekperov 1950— Biography, César Alierta Izuel 1945— Biography, etc… 


Business Biographies - F-L
Contains articles like Richard D. ca. Fairbank 1950— Biography, Thomas J. Falk 1958— Biography, David N. Farr 1955— Biography, Jim Farrell 1943— Biography, Franz Fehrenbach 1949— Biography, Pierre Féraud Biography, E. James Ferland 1942— Biography, Dominique Ferrero Biography, Trevor Fetter 1960— Biography, John Finnegan 1949— Biography, etc… 


Business Biographies - M-R
Contains articles like Ma Fucai 1943— Biography, John J. Mack 1944— Biography, Terunobu Maeda 1945— Biography, Joseph Magliochetti 1942—2003 Biography, Marjorie Magner 1949— Biography, Richard Mahoney 1934— Biography, Steven J. Malcolm 1948— Biography, Richard A. Manoogian 1936— Biography, Mohamed Hassan Marican 1952— Biography, Reuben Mark 1939— Biography, etc… 


Business Biographies - S-Z
Contains articles like Alfredo Sáenz 1942— Biography, Mary F. Sammons 1946— Biography, Steve Sanger 1946— Biography, Ron Sargent 1955— Biography, Arun Sarin 1954— Biography, Mikio Sasaki 1937— Biography, Paolo Scaroni 1946— Biography, George A. Schaefer Jr. 1945— Biography, Leonard D. Schaeffer 1945— Biography, Hans-Jürgen Schinzler 1940— Biography, etc… 





















A-E













Home
Business Biographies
 A-E


		       A-E
		    
F. Duane Ackerman 1942— Biography
Education: Rollins College, BS, 1964; MS, 1970; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MBA, 1978.
Josef Ackermann 1948— Biography
Family: Son of a doctor (name unknown) and Margrit (maiden name unknown); married Pirkko Anelli (a homemaker), 1977; children: one.
Shai Agassi 1968— Biography
Family: Son of Reuven Agassi (retired Israeli Defense Force colonel and telecom executive); married former general manager of QuickSoft Media (name unknown); children: two.
Umberto Agnelli 1934—2004 Biography
Family: Son of Edoardo Agnelli (chairman, Fiat) and Princess Virginia Bourbon del Monte di San Faustino; married Antonella Bechi Piaggio, 1959 (divorced); married Allegra Caracciolo, 1974; children: three (first marriage, one; second marriage, two).
Ahn Cheol-soo 1962— Biography
Education: Seoul National University, College of Medicine, BS, 1986; Seoul National University, College of Medicine, PhD, 1991; The Penn Engineering and Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, MS, Executive Master of Technology Management (EMTM), 1997; Strategy and Entrepreneurship in Information Technology (SEIT) program, Stanford University, 2000.
Naoyuki Akikusa 1938— Biography
Family: Son of a former president of Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corporation; married (wife's name unknown); children: two.
Raúl Alarcón Jr. 1956— Biography
Family: Son of Raul Alarcón Sr.; married Maria (maiden name unknown; divorced, 2004); children: two.
William F. Aldinger III 1947— Biography
Education: Baruch School, City College of New York, BA, 1969; Brooklyn Law School, JD, 1975.
Vagit Y. Alekperov 1950— Biography
Career: Kaspmorneft, 1972–1974, drill operator; West Siberian oil production, 1974–1979, team leader, deputy chief, deputy director general; Kogalymneftegaz and Basneft, 1979–1982, director general; Kogalymneftegaz Oil, 1982–1990, director general; Soviet Union, 1990–1991, deputy minister of oil and gas, acting minister of fuel and energy; Lukoil, 1991–, president.
César Alierta Izuel 1945— Biography
Career: Banco Urquijo, 1970–1985, financial analyst; Beta Capital, 1985–1996, founder and president; Tabacalera, 1996–1999, CEO; Altadis, 1999–2000, co-chairman; Telefónica, 2000–, chairman and CEO.
Herbert M. Allison Jr. 1943— Biography
Family: Son of Herbert M. Allison Sr. 
John A. Allison IV 1948— Biography
Education: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, BS, 1971; Duke University, MBA, 1974.
Dan Amos 1951— Biography
Family: Son of Paul Amos (cofounder and former chairman of the board of AFLAC) and Mary Jean Roberts; married Mary Shannon Landing (a philanthropist); children: two.
Brad Anderson 1949— Biography
Education: Waldorf College, AA, 1969; University of Denver, BA, 1971.
Richard H. Anderson 1956— Biography
Education: University of Houston, BS, 1979; South Texas College of Law, JD, 1982.
G. Allen Andreas Jr. 1943— Biography
Family: Son of Glenn Allen Andreas Sr. (bank president) and Vera Irene Yates; married Toni Kay Hibma, 1964; children: three.
Micky Arison 1949— Biography
Family: Son of Ted Arison (cofounder of Norwegian Caribbean Cruises and founder of Carnival Cruises).
C. Michael Armstrong 1938— Biography
Education: Miami University of Ohio, BS, 1961; Dartmouth Institute, Advanced Management Program, 1976.
Bernard Arnault 1949— Biography
Career: Ferret-Savinel, 1971–1983, engineer; Dior and Boussac Saint-Frères, 1984–1989, owner; Moét Hennessy Louis Vuitton, 1989–, chairman, chief executive officer.
Gerard J. Arpey 1958— Biography
Born: July 26, 1958, in New York City, New York.
Ramani Ayer 1947— Biography
Education: India Institute of Technology, BS, 1969; Drexel University, MS, 1971; PhD, 1973.
Michael J. Bailey 1948— Biography
Family: Son of Sidney William Bailey and Joyce Mary (maiden name unknown); married (wife's name unknown; separated); children: two.
Sergio Balbinot 1958— Biography
Career: Assicurazioni Generali, 1983–1989, insurance-operations department; 1989–1992, head of Swiss branch; 1992–1995, head of International Activity of Europe Assistance; 1995–1996, area manager for German-speaking countries and France; 1996–1998, assistant general manager and head of group-insurance operations; 1998–2002, deputy general manager; 2002–, co–chief executive officer.
Steve Ballmer 1956— Biography
Family: Son of Frederic Henry Ballmer (manager, Ford Motor Company) and Beatrice Dworkin; married Connie Snyder (public relations executive), 1990; children: three.
Jill Barad 1951— Biography
Family: Daughter of Lawrence Elikann (television director) and Corinne Schuman; married Thomas Kenneth Barad (film producer), 1979; children: two.
Don H. Barden 1943— Biography
Family: Son of Milton Barden (mechanic and auto laborer) and Hortense (maiden name unknown); married Bella Marshall (Barden Companies' president and COO); children: one.
Ned Barnholt 1943— Biography
Career: Hewlett-Packard, 1966–1973, research and development engineer; 1973–1980, marketing manager; 1980–1984, general manager, Microwave and Communications Group; 1984–1988, general manager, Electronic Instruments Group; 1988–1993, vice president; 1990–1999, general manager, Test and Measurement Organization; 1993–1996, senior vice president; 1996–1999, executive vice president; Agilent Technologies, 1999–, president and chief executive officer; 2002–, chairman of the board.
Colleen Barrett 1944— Biography
Career: Mathews & Branscomb law firm, 1968–1970, secretary; Southwest Airlines Company, 1978–2001, began as corporate secretary and became vice president of administration and then executive vice president of customers; 2001–, president and chief operating officer.
Craig R. Barrett 1939— Biography
Family: Married Barbara (lawyer and politician who ran for governor of Arizona in 1994); children: two.
Matthew William Barrett 1944— Biography
Family: Married Irene Korsak, c. 1967 (divorced, 1995); married Anne-Marie Sten, 1997 (separated); children (first marriage): four.
John M. Barth 1946— Biography
Career: Johnson Controls, 1969–?, industrial engineer; ?–1990, head of plastics group; 1990–1992, head of automotive business; 1992–1998, executive vice president; 1998–2002, president and COO; 2002–2004, CEO; 2004–, chairman and CEO.
Glen A. Barton 1939— Biography
Career: Caterpillar, 1961–1964, trainee; 1964–1968, 1972–1975, sales associate for Caterpillar Overseas; 1975–1977, manager for South American Sales; 1977–1983, manager of Merchandising Division, General Offices; 1983–1984, sales and product support manager in Industrial Lift Truck Division; 1984–1986, manager in Products Control; 1987–1989, vice president of Caterpillar, president of Solar Turbines; 1989–1990, executive vice president; 1990–1998, group president; 1999–2004, chairman and CEO.
Richard Barton 1967— Biography
Family: Son of Jim Barton (a retired executive at Union Carbide) and Betsy (a homemaker; maiden name unknown); married Sara (an obstetrician and gynecologist; maiden name unknown); children: three.
J. T. Battenberg III 1944— Biography
Career: General Motors, 1961–1986, assembly line, plant superintendent, comptroller, production manager, plant manager, managing director of the General Motors Continental Division in Belgium, general manager of overseas truck operations in England; 1986–1992, vice president of Buick-Oldsmobile-Cadillac Group's luxury car division; 1992–1995, vice president of Automotive Components Group Worldwide; 1995–1998, executive vice president; Delphi Corporation, 1995–1998, president; 1998–, chairman, CEO, and president.
Claude Bébéar 1935— Biography
Career: Anciennes Mutuelles, 1958–1964; 1964–1966, founder of life-insurance branch of Provinces Unies; 1975–1978, chairman; Mutuelles Unis, 1978–1985, chairman; AXA Group, 1985–2000, chairman and CEO.
Pierre-Olivier Beckers 1960— Biography
Education: I.A.G, Univerite catholique de Louvain, bachelor's degree; Harvard Business School, MBA.
Jean-Louis Beffa 1941— Biography
Family: Son of an engineer and a teacher; married; children: three.
Alain Belda 1943— Biography
Family: Married Haydee (maiden name unknown; a philanthropist); children: at least two.
Charles Bell 1960— Biography
Family: Son of a travel agent (name unknown) and Margaret (maiden name unknown); married; children: one.
Luciano Benetton 1935— Biography
Family: Son of Leone (owner of a car and bike rental business) and Rosa Carniato; married Teresa (maiden name unknown), 1961; children: five.
Robert H. Benmosche 1944— Biography
Born: May 29, 1944, in New York City, New York.
Silvio Berlusconi 1936— Biography
Family: Son of Luigi (bank clerk) and Rosella (secretary) Berlusconi; married Carla Dall'Ogglio (divorced); married Veronica Lario (actress), 1990; children: five (first marriage, two; second marriage, three).
Betsy Bernard 1955— Biography
Education: Saint Lawrence University, BA, 1977; Fairleigh Dickinson University, MBA, 1981; Stanford University, MS, 1989.
Daniel Bernard 1946— Biography
Career: Director of hypermarket chains Mammouth and Delta; Metro, 1975–1981, various positions; 1981–1992, managing director of Metro France; Carrefour, 1992–1998, CEO; 1998–, chairman and CEO.
David W. Bernauer 1944— Biography
Career: Walgreen Company, 1967–1979, pharmacist and then also store manager; 1979–1987, district manager; 1987–1990, regional vice president; 1990–1992, vice president and treasurer; 1992–1994, vice president of purchasing and merchandising; 1994–1997, vice president and chief information officer; 1997–1999, senior vice president and CIO; 1999–2002, president and COO; 2002–2003, CEO; 2003–, chairman and CEO.
Wulf H. Bernotat 1948— Biography
Career: Shell, 1976–1981, legal-department counsel; 1981–1984, Business Development Manager for Eastern Europe; 1984–1986, head of Lubricant and Fuel Trading Business for Germany; 1986–1987, strategic planning; 1987–1988, Erdgas marketing; 1988–1989, head of distribution for Aviation and Public Authorities; 1989–1992, general manager for Portugal; 1992–1995, area coordinator for Africa and coordinator of Southern Hemisphere Coal Business; 1995, board of management member; VEBA, 1996–1998, board of management member; 1998–2000, head of downstream marketing and distribution; Stinnes, 2000–2002, chairman; E.ON, 2003–, chairman and CEO.
Gordon M. Bethune 1941— Biography
Education: Abilene Christian University, BS; Harvard Business School, Advanced Management Program, 1992.
J. Robert Beyster 1925— Biography
Career: Westinghouse, early 1950s, senior scientist; Los Alamos National Scientific Laboratory, mid-1950s, research scientist; General Atomic Company, 1957–1969, chairman of the Accelerator Physics Department; Science Applications International Corporation, 1969–2004, chairman and CEO.
Jeff Bezos 1964— Biography
Family: Son of Miguel Bezos (Exxon engineer) and Jackie Gise Jorgensen; married McKenzie Tuttle (former D. E. 
Pierre Bilger 1941— Biography
Career: Compagnie Générale d'Électricité, 1982–1991; GEC Alsthom, 1991–1998, chairman; ALSTOM SA, 1998–2003, chairman and CEO.
Alwaleed Bin Talal 1957(?)— Biography
Family: Son of Prince Talal; married Princess Kholood; divorced twice; children: two (previous marriage).
Dave Bing 1943— Biography
Family: Son of a contractor; mother's occupation unknown. Twice married (divorced); children: three.
Carole Black 1945— Biography
Career: Proctor & Gamble, 1970–1983, marketing executive; DDB Needham, 1983–1986, senior vice president; Walt Disney Company, 1986–1993, held positions of vice president of worldwide marketing and senior vice president of marketing and television; NBC 4, 1994–1999, general manager; Lifetime Entertainment Services, 1999–, president and chief executive officer.
Cathleen Black 1944— Biography
Family: Daughter of James Hamilton Black (food-company executive) and Margaret Harrington; married Thomas Harvey (attorney); children: two.
Jonathan Bloomer 1954— Biography
Career: Arthur Andersen, joined company in 1974; 1991–1995, senior partner of European Insurance Practice; Prudential Public Limited Company, 1995–1999, group finance director; Prudential Public Limited Company, 1999–2000, deputy group chief executive; Prudential Public Limited Company, 2000–, group chief executive.
Alan L. Boeckmann 1948— Biography
Career: Fluor Corporation, 1974–1992, engineer; 1992–1996, various management positions including assignments in California, Texas, South Carolina, South Africa, and Venezuela; 1992–1996, president of Chemicals, Plastics and Fibers; 1996–1999, group president of Chemicals and Industrial Processes; Fluor Daniel, 1999–2001, president and chief operating officer; Fluor Corporation, 2001–2002, president and chief operating officer; 2002–, chairman of the board and chief executive officer.
Daniel Bouton 1950— Biography
Education: Earned degrees from National Institute of Political Studies and National School of Administration.
Martin Bouygues 1952— Biography
Family: Son of Francis Bouygues; married (wife's name unknown); children: none.
Jack O. Bovender Jr. 1945— Biography
Career: U.S. Navy, Naval Regional Medical Center, Portsmouth, Virginia, 1969–1975, lieutenant; Medical Center Hospital, Largo, Florida, chief executive officer; West Florida Regional Medical Center, chief executive officer; Health Corporation of America, 1975–1985, associate hospital administrator; 1985–1992, senior level positions; 1992–1994, executive vice president and chief operating officer; retired, 1994–1997; Health Corporation of America, 1997–2001, president and chief operating officer; 2001–, chief executive officer; 2002–, chairman.
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe 1944— Biography
Career: Findus, 1968–1970, ice-cream sales and delivery; Nestlé Chile, 1970–1980, sales manager and director of marketing; Nestlé Ecuador, 1981–1983, managing director; Nestlé Venezuela, 1983–1987, president and managing director; Nestlé S.A., 1987–1992, senior vice president of Culinary Products Division; 1992–1997, executive vice president of strategic business groups; 1997–, chief executive officer; 2001–, chief executive officer and vice chairman of the board of directors.
Richard Branson 1950— Biography
Family: Son of Edward (barrister) and Eva Huntley-Flindt (dancer and flight attendant) Branson; married Kristen Tomassi, 1972 (divorced 1979); married Joan Templeman, 1989; children: two.
Edward D. Breen 1956— Biography
Career: General Instruments, 1978–1988, salesman; 1988–1994, senior vice president of sales; 1994–1997, various positions as president of Broadband Networks Group, president of Eastern Operations for the Communications Division, and vice president of Terrestrial Systems; 1997–2000, chairman, president, and chief executive officer; Motorola, 2000–2001, executive vice president of Motorola, president of Broadband Communications Sector (BCS), and subsequently head of the Networks Sector (which included the Global Telecom Solutions Sector; the Commercial, Government, and Industrial Solutions Sector; and BCS); 2001, president; 2002, president and chief operating officer; Tyco International, 2002–, president and chief executive officer.
Thierry Breton 1955— Biography
Career: French school Lycee Francais in New York City, 1979–1981, teacher; Forma Systèmes, 1981–1986, chairman and CEO; French Ministry of Education and Research, 1986–1990, adviser; CGI Group, 1990–1993, CEO; Bull Group, 1993–, deputy managing director; Thomson Multimedia, 1997–2002, CEO; France Télécom, 2002–, CEO.
Ulrich Brixner 1941— Biography
Career: Sudwestdeutsche Genossenschaftliche Zentralbank, 1991–1998, member of managing board; 1998–2000, chairman; Genossenschaftliche Zentralbank, 2000–2001, chairman; Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 2001–, chairman and CEO.
John Browne 1948— Biography
Family: Son of Edmund (British army officer) and Paula Browne (homemaker); never married; children: none.
Wayne Brunetti 1942— Biography
Education: University of Florida, BS, 1964; Harvard University, Program for Management Development, 1974.
John E. Bryson 1943— Biography
Career: Natural Resources Defense Council, 1969–1979, lawyer; California Public Utilities Commission, 1979–1983, president; Morrison and Foerster, 1983–1984; partner; Edison International, 1984–1990, senior vice president for legal and financial affairs; 1990–1999, chairman of the board and chief executive officer; 2000–, chairman of the board, chief executive officer, and president; Southern California Edison, 1990–2003, chairman of the board and chief executive officer; 2003–, chairman of the board.
Warren E. Buffett 1930— Biography
Education: Attended University of Pennsylvania; University of Nebraska, BA, 1952; Columbia University, MA, 1953.
Steven A. Burd 1949— Biography
Education: Carroll College, BS, 1971; University of Wisconsin, MA, 1973.
H. Peter Burg 1946—2004 Biography
Career: Ohio Edison, 1968–1973, financial analyst trainee, associate financial analyst, economic analyst, and director of financial studies; 1974–1985, treasurer; 1985–1989, vice president; 1989–1996, senior vice president; 1994–1995, Pennsylvania Power (Ohio Edison subsidiary), interim president; 1996–1999, Ohio Edison, president; 1997, CEO and CFO; FirstEnergy Corporation; 1999–2000, president and CEO; chairman and CEO, 2000–2004.
Antony Burgmans 1947— Biography
Education: University of Stockholm, Sweden, BA (date unknown); University of Lancaster, United Kingdom, MA (date unknown).
James Burke 1925— Biography
Education: Holy Cross College, BS, 1947; Harvard Business School, MBA, 1949.
Ursula Burns 1958— Biography
Education: Polytechnic Institute of New York, BS, 1980; Columbia University, MS, 1981.
Louis C. Camilleri 1957— Biography
Education: University of Lausanne, Switzerland, degree in economics and business administration, 1976.
Lewis B. Campbell 1946— Biography
Career: General Motors, 1968–1988, various management positions, including general manager of the Flint automobile division, Buick-Oldsmobile-Cadillac Group, and the GMC Truck Division; 1988–1992, vice president; Textron, 1992–1994, executive vice president and COO; 1994–1998, president; 1998, CEO and president; 1999–2001, chairman and CEO; 2001–, chairman, CEO, and president.
Philippe Camus 1948— Biography
Education: Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris, BA, 1970; École Normale Supérieure, BS, 1971; actuarial sciences degree, 1980.
Michael R. Cannon 1953— Biography
Education: Michigan State University, BS; Harvard Business School, Advanced Management Program.
Jim Cantalupo 1943—2004 Biography
Family: Son of James Francis Cantalupo and Eileen Patricia Goggin; married Jo Ann Lucero, 1973; children: two.
Thomas E. Capps 1935— Biography
Family: Son of Edward S. Capps Jr. 
Daniel A. Carp 1948— Biography
Education: Ohio University, BBA, 1970; Rochester Institute of Technology, MBA, 1973; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MSM, 1988.
Peter Cartwright 1930— Biography
Career: General Electric, 1960–1979, worked in nuclear plant construction, project management, and new business development; Gibbs and Hill, 1979–1984, engineering consultant; Calpine, 1984–, chairman, chief executive officer, and president.
Steve Case 1958— Biography
Family: Son of Dan (attorney) and Carol (teacher; maiden name unknown) Case; married Joanne Baker (divorced); children: three; married Jean Villanueva.
Cássio Casseb Lima 1955— Biography
Education: Escola Politécnica, Universidade de Sāo Paulo, BS, 1978.
Robert B. Catell 1937— Biography
Career: Brooklyn Union Gas, 1958–1974, junior engineer; 1974–1977, assistant vice president; 1977–1981, vice president; 1981–1984, senior vice president; 1984–1986, executive vice president; 1986–1990, chief operating officer; 1990–1991, president; 1991–1996, president and chief executive officer; 1996–1997, chairman and chief executive officer; KeySpan Energy Delivery, 1997–, chairman and chief executive officer; KeySpan Corporation, 1998–, chairman and chief executive officer.
William Cavanaugh III 1939— Biography
Career: U.S. Navy, 1961–1969, rose to the rank of lieutenant commander of the navy's nuclear program; Entergy Corporation, 1969–1986, several management capacities at subsidiaries, became chief operating officer (COO) and director, became group president of Energy Supply; 1986–1992, chairman, president and chief executive officer (CEO) of Entergy Operations; chairman, president, and CEO of System Energy Resources; Carolina Power & Light Company, 1992–1996, president and COO; 1996–2001, president and CEO; Progress Energy, 2000–2004, president, CEO, and chairman.
Charles M. Cawley 1941— Biography
Career: Maryland Bank National Association, worked primarily in consumer credit; MBNA Corporation, founded in 1982; 1984–2002, president; 2002–2003, president and chief executive officer; MBNA America Bank, ?–2003, chairman and chief executive officer.
Clarence P. Cazalot Jr. 1951— Biography
Career: Texaco, 1972–1974, geophysicist; offshore division, 1974–1976, various posts; 1976–1977, assistant district geologist; 1977–1979, district geologist; 1979–1981, assistant division geologist; 1981–1984, regional manager of exploration; 1984–1985, staff geologist for exploration and production executive committee; 1985–1987, assistant to vice chairman; frontier exploration department, 1987–1992, general manager; 1992–2000, corporate vice president; 1992, president of Latin America/West Africa Division; Texaco Exploration and Production, 1994–1997, president; Texaco International Marketing and Manufacturing, 1997–1998, president; Texaco Ltd., 1998–1999, president for international production and chairman; 1999–2000, corporate vice president and president for production operations; USX Corporation, 2000–2001, vice chairman; Marathon Oil Company (an operating unit of USX), 2000–2001, president; Marathon Oil Corporation, 2001–, president and CEO.
Nicholas D. Chabraja 1942— Biography
Career: Jenner & Block (law firm), 1968–1997; 1984–1993, partner; 1986, special counsel to United States House of Representatives; 1992, special counsel to General Dynamics; General Dynamics, 1993–1994, senior vice president and general counsel; 1994–, director; 1994–1996, executive vice president; 1997 (1 January–31 May), vice chairman of the board; 1997–, chief executive officer and chairman of the board.
John T. Chambers 1949— Biography
Family: Son of an obstetrician/gynecologist and a psychologist (names unknown); married Elaine (maiden name unknown); children: two.
J. Harold Chandler 1949— Biography
Education: Wofford College, BA, 1971; University of South Carolina Graduate School of Business Administration, MBA, 1972; Harvard Business School, Advanced Management Program, 1986.
Morris Chang 1931— Biography
Education: Massachusetts Institute of Technology, BS, 1952, MS, 1953; Stanford University, PhD, 1964.
Chen Tonghai 1948— Biography
Education: Northeastern Petroleum Institute, 1976, bachelor's degree in exploration and oil extracting engineering.
Kenneth I. Chenault 1951— Biography
Education: Bowdoin College, BA, 1973; Harvard University Law School, JD, 1976.
Fujio Cho 1937— Biography
Career: Toyota Motor Corporation, 1960–1966, apprentice and training employee; 1966–1974, Production Control Division; 1974–1984, manager in Production Control Division; 1984–1986, manager in Logistics Administration and project manager in Production Control Division; 1986–1987, manager in Administration; 1987–1988, manager of Toyota North America Project and executive vice president of Toyota Motor Manufacturing USA; 1988–1994, president of Toyota Motor Manufacturing USA; 1994–1996, managing director; 1996–1998, senior managing director; 1998–1999, executive vice president; 1999–, CEO and president.
Chung Ju-yung 1915—2001 Biography
Family: Son of Chung Bong-sik and Han Seong-sil; married Byun Joong-seok; children: nine.
Carla Cico 1961— Biography
Education: London School of Business, MBA, 1993; University of London, MSE, 1993.
Philippe Citerne 1949— Biography
Education: Ecole Centrale de Paris, undergraduate degree in economics, graduate degree in mathematics.
Jim Clark 1944— Biography
Education: University of New Orleans, MA, 1971; University of Utah, PhD, 1974.
Vance D. Coffman 1944— Biography
Education: Iowa State University, BS, 1967; Stanford University, PhD, 1973.
Douglas R. ca. Conant 1952— Biography
Career: General Mills, 1976–1989, marketing department; Kraft General Foods, 1989–1992, director of strategy; Nabisco Foods Group, 1992, vice president and general manager of Fleischmann's division; Nabisco Biscuit Co., 1992–1994, senior vice president of marketing; 1994–1995, sales and integrated logistics unit executive; Nabisco Food Company, 1995–2000, president; Campbell Soup Company, 2001—, president, chief executive officer, and director.
Phil Condit 1941— Biography
Education: University of California, Berkeley, BS, 1963; Princeton University, MS, 1965; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sloan School of Management, MS, 1975; Science University of Tokyo, PhD, 1997.
Terence Conran 1931— Biography
Education: Attended Central School of Arts and Crafts, 1949–1950.
John W. Conway 1945— Biography
Career: Continental Can International, served in various positions and then as president; Crown Cork & Seal (established as Crown Holdings in 2003), various management positions leading to president and COO, 1991–2001, then president, chief executive officer, and chairman, 2001–.
John R. Coomber 1949— Biography
Career: Phoenix Insurance Company, 1970–1973, actuarial trainee; Swiss Re (UK), 1973–1974, actuarial trainee; 1974–1983, reinsurance; 1983–1987, appointed actuary; 1987–1990, head of life division and general manager; 1990–1993, deputy chief executive officer; 1991, director; 1993–1995, managing director and chief executive officer; Swiss Re, 1995–2003, member, executive board; 2003–, chief executive officer.
Roger Corbett 1942— Biography
Education: University of New South Wales, BA; Stanford University, MBA.
Alston D. Correll 1941— Biography
Education: University of Georgia, BS, 1963; University of Maine, MS, 1966; University of Maine, MS, 1967.
Alfonso Cortina de Alcocer 1944— Biography
Education: Madrid University; Higher Technical School of Industrial Engineers, Madrid.
David M. Cote 1952— Biography
Family: Married twice; children: two from first marriage, one from second marriage.
Robert Crandall 1935— Biography
Education: Attended William and Mary College, 1953–1955; University of Rhode Island, BS, 1957; Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, MBA, 1960.
Mac Crawford 1949— Biography
Career: Arthur Young & Company, 1971–1981; GTI, 1981–1985, CFO; Oxylance Corporation, 1985–1986, CFO; Mulberry Street Investment Company, 1986–1990, president; Charter Medical Corporation, 1990–1992, executive vice president of hospital operations; 1992–1993, president and COO; 1993–1995, chairman, CEO, and president; Magellan Health Services, 1995–1997, chairman, CEO, and president; MedPartners, 1997–1998, president and CEO; Caremark, 1998–, chairman, CEO, and president.
Carlos Criado-Perez 1952— Biography
Career: SHV Makro, 1976–1990, international roles; 1990–1997, executive director; Wal-Mart, 1997–1999, COO of International Division; Safeway, 1999, COO; 1999–2004, CEO.
James R. Crosby 1956— Biography
Career: Scottish Amicable, 1977–1983, fund manager; 1983–1994, investment director and head of overseas equities; Halifax Building Society, 1994–1996, managing director; Halifax PLC, 1996–1998, director of financial services and insurance; HBOS PLC, 1998–, CEO.
Adam Crozier 1964— Biography
Born: January 26, 1964, in Falkirk, Isle of Bute, Scotland.
Alexander M. Cutler 1951— Biography
Career: Cutler-Hammer, 1975–1977, financial analyst; 1977–1979, business group controller; Eaton Corporation, 1979–1980, division controller; 1980–1982, assembly plant manager; 1982–1985, manager of U.S. Power Distribution Division; 1985-1986, general manager of U.S. 
Márcio A. Cypriano 1943— Biography
Career: Banco da Bahia, 1967–1973, bank clerk; Banco Bradesco, 1973–1984, branch manager; 1984–1986, department manager; 1986–1988, associate executive officer; 1988–1995, managing director; 1995–1999, executive vice president; 1999–, president.
David F. D'Alessandro 1951— Biography
Family: Son of Dominick D'Alessandro and Rosemary Pallaria; married Jeannette (maiden name unknown), 1996; children: three.
Eric Daniels 1951— Biography
Education: Cornell University, BA, 1973; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MSc, 1975.
George David 1942— Biography
Education: Harvard University, BA, 1965; University of Virginia Darden Business School, MBA, 1967.
Richard K. Davidson 1942— Biography
Family: Son of Richard Davidson (farmer) and Thelma Rees; married Trish (maiden name unknown); children: three.
Julian C. Day 1952— Biography
Education: Oxford, BA, 1974; Oxford, MA, 1979; London University, MS, 1979.
Henri de Castries 1954— Biography
Education: HEC School of Management, 1976, undergraduate business degree; law degree; École Nationale d'Administration, graduate, 1980.
Michael S. Dell 1965— Biography
Family: Son of Alexander (orthodontist) and Lorraine D. (stockbroker) Dell; married Susan Lieberman (fashion designer, boutique owner), 1989; children: four.
Guerrino de Luca 1952— Biography
Career: Olivetti, 1977–1988, research and development; manager of product development and sales for networking unit; Apple, 1988–1995, vice president of business marketing; 1995–1997, president and CEO of Claris Corporation (subsidiary of Apple); 1997, corporate executive vice president of marketing; Logitech International, 1998–, president and CEO.
Hebert Demel 1953— Biography
Career: Institute for Combustion Engines and Automotive Engineering, 1978–1984, scientific/engineering assistant; Robert Bosch, 1984–1990, senior manager of ABS/ASR applications and quality assurance; Audi, 1990–1995, senior manager, then CEO; 1994–1997, chairman of the management board; Volkswagen, 1997–2002, president of Brazilian affiliate; Magna Steyr, 2002–2003, CEO and president; Fiat, 2003–, CEO.
Roger Deromedi 1953— Biography
Education: Vanderbilt University, BA, 1975; Stanford Graduate School of Business, MBA, 1977.
Thierry Desmarest 1945— Biography
Career: Corps des mines, 1971–1975, engineer; Ministry of Industry, 1975–1978, engineer; Ministry for Economic Affairs, 1978–1980, engineer and technical adviser; Total compagnie française des pétroles (renamed Total in 1992), 1981–1983, director of Algerian operations; 1983–1988, director of Total Exploration and Production (TEP) for Latin American and West Africa; 1988–1989, manager and economic director; 1989–1995, director general of TEP and senior executive vice president; 1995–1998, president and chief executive officer; 1998–, chairman of the board and chief executive officer.
Michael Diekmann 1954— Biography
Career: Diekmann/Thieme, 1983–1988, CEO; Allianz, 1988–1989, executive assistant to the head of the Hamburg regional office; 1990, head of sales at the Hamburg Harburg office; 1991–1992, head of the Hannover office; 1993, head of customer relationship management for private customers; 1994–1995, head of sales for the North Rhine–Westphalia region; 1996–1997, director of insurance management for the Asia-Pacific region; 1998–2003, member of the Allianz management board; 2002–2003, responsible for Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas and group human resources; 2003–, chairman and CEO.
William Dillard II 1945— Biography
Education: University of Arkansas, BSBA, 1966; Harvard University, MBA, 1968.
Barry Diller 1942— Biography
Family: Son of (a store owner) and Reva Addison (a receptionist); married Diane von Furstenberg (a clothing designer), 2001.
John T. Dillon 1938— Biography
Education: University of Hartford, BA, 1965; Columbia University Graduate School of Business, MA, 1971.
Jamie Dimon 1956— Biography
Born: March 13, 1956, in New York City, New York.
Peter R. Dolan 1956— Biography
Family: Son of John Ralph Dolan and Lois Burkhart; married Katherine Helen Lange (former executive director of Saint Joseph's Hospital); children: two.
Guy Dollé 1942— Biography
Career: Irsid Steel Research Center, 1966–1980; Usinor, 1980–1984, head of plates and tubes division; 1985, chair of GTS Industries; 1986, executive vice president of Unisor Aciers; 1987–1993, vice president of industrial affairs for Solca; 1993–1995, chairman and CEO of Unimetal; 1995–1997, executive vice president of strategy, planning, and international affairs; 1997–1999, head of stainless-steel and alloys division; 1999–2001, senior executive vice president; Arcelor, 2002–, chairman and CEO.
Tim M. Donahue 1949— Biography
Career: MCI Communications Corporation, 1984–1986; McCaw Cellular Communications (now AT&T Wireless Services), 1986–1989, president of paging division; 1989–1991, president of U.S. central region; 1991–1994, president of northeast region; AT&T Wireless Services, 1994-1996, president of northeast region; Nextel Communications, 1996–1999, president and COO; 1999–, president and CEO.
David W. Dorman 1954— Biography
Career: Sprint, 1981–1990, manager; 1990–1994, president of Sprint Business; Pacific Bell, 1994–1997, president, CEO, and chairman; SBC Communications, 1997, executive vice president; PointCast, 1997–1999, president, CEO, and chairman; Concert Communications, 1999–2000, CEO; AT&T Corporation, 2000–2002, president; 2002–, chairman and CEO.
Jürgen Dormann 1940— Biography
Career: Hoechst, 1963–1964, management trainee; 1964–1973, head of fiber-sales department; 1973–1974, member of corporate staff; 1975–1979, overseer of all international personnel; 1980–1985, head of international department; 1986–1987, overseer of special-chemicals division and dyes operations and North American division; 1987–1993, CFO of information technology and head of Hoechst Celanese; 1994–1999, chairman and CEO; Aventis, 1999–2002, chairman of management board; 2002–, chairman of supervisory board; ABB, 2001–2002, chairman, 2002–2004, chairman, CEO, and president; 2004–, chairman.
E. Linn Draper Jr. 1942— Biography
Education: Rice University, BA, 1964; BS, 1965; Cornell University, PhD, 1970.
John G. Drosdick 1943— Biography
Education: Villanova University, BS, 1965; University of Massachusetts–Amherst, MS, 1968.
José Dutra 1957— Biography
Education: Universidade Federal Rural do Rio de Janeiro, BA, 1979.
Tony Earley Jr. 1949— Biography
Education: University of Notre Dame, BS, 1971; MS, 1979; JD, 1979.
Robert A. Eckert 1954— Biography
Education: University of Arizona, BS, 1976; Northwestern University, MBA, 1977.
Rolf Eckrodt 1942— Biography
Career: Daimler-Benz, 1966–1968, member of quality assurance for passenger cars; 1968–1981, manager in Passenger Car Division; 1981–1983, leader of production components for passenger cars; 1983–1986, vice president of axle production for passenger cars; Mercedes-Benz (subsidiary of Daimler-Benz), 1986–1987, executive assistant to president of Passenger Car Division; Daimler-Benz, 1987–1989, director of planning and production for passenger cars and components; Mercedes-Benz, 1990–1992, director of worldwide marketing for passenger cars; Mercedes-Benz do Brasil (subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz), 1992–1996, president; Adtranz (subsidiary of Daimler-Benz and ABB Daimler-Benz Transportation), 1996–1998, deputy chief executive officer and chairman of the board; Adtranz (to become Adtranz-DaimlerChrysler Rail Systems in 1999), 1998–2000, president and chief executive officer; Mitsubishi Motors Corporation, 2001–2002, executive vice president and chief operating officer; 2002–2004, president and chief executive officer.
Michael Eisner 1942— Biography
Family: Son of Lester Eisner and Margaret Dammann; married Jane Breckenridge; children: three.
John Elkann 1976— Biography
Family: Son of Alain Elkann (writer) and Margherita Agnelli; married Princess Lavinia de Borromeo-Arese, 2004.
Larry Ellison 1944— Biography
Education: Attended University of Illinois, 1962–1964; attended University of Chicago, 1964–1966.
Thomas J. Engibous 1953— Biography
Family: Son of James (research scientist) and Emma Buck; married Wendy (maiden name unknown); children: three.
Gregg L. Engles 1957— Biography
Career: United States Court of Appeals, 1982–1983, law clerk; 2M Companies, 1983–1984, analyst; 1985–1988, real estate investor (self-employed principal); Reddy Ice, 1988–1995, chairman and chief executive officer; Engles Capital Corporation, 1988–1992, president; Engles Management Corporation, 1993–1994, president; Suiza Puerto Rico, 1993–1995, chairman; Velda Farms, 1994–1995, chairman; Suiza Foods Corporation, 1994–2001, chairman and chief executive officer; Engles, Urso, Follmer Capital, 1994–, chairman; Dean Foods Company, 2001–2002, vice chairman and chief executive officer; 2002–, chairman and chief executive officer.
Ted English 1954— Biography
Career: Filene's Basement, 1983, buyer; T. J. 
Roger Enrico 1944— Biography
Career: General Mills, 1970–1971, marketing assistant; Frito-Lay, beginning in 1971, associate production manager; Pepsi-Cola International, vice president of southern Latin America unit; Pepsi-Cola Bottling Group, 1980–1981, senior vice president of sales and marketing; Pepsi-Cola USA, 1982–1983, executive vice president; PepsiCo Beverages & Foods, 1983–1986, president and CEO; PepsiCo Worldwide Beverages, 1987–1991, CEO; Frito-Lay and PepsiCo Foods International, 1991–1993, chairman and CEO; PepsiCo Worldwide Restaurants, 1994–1995, president and CEO; PepsiCo, 1996, CEO; 1997–2001, vice chairman and CEO; 2001–2003, chairman.
Charlie Ergen 1953— Biography
Education: University of Tennessee, BS, 1975; Babcock Graduate School of Management, Wake Forest University, MBA, 1976.
Michael L. Eskew 1949— Biography
Education: Purdue University, BS, 1972; Wharton School of Business, Advanced Management Program, 1993.
Matthew J. Espe 1959— Biography
Education: University of Idaho, bachelor's degree; Whittier College, MBA, 1984.
Robert A. Essner 1947— Biography
Education: Miami University, bachelor's degree; University of Chicago, master's degree.
John H. Eyler Jr. 1948— Biography
Education: University of Washington, BS, 1969; Harvard University School of Business, MBA, 1971.












   Kenneth Chenault | American Express Company | ZoomInfo.comKenneth Chenault - Business Leader - Biography.comSubscribe to NewsletterAboutKenneth Chenault Biography.comBusiness Leader(1951–)348SHARESQuick FactsNameKenneth ChenaultOccupationBusiness LeaderBirth DateJune 2, 1951 (age 66)Did You Know?Kenneth Chenault is one of the first African Americans to become CEO of a Fortune 500 firm, American Express.EducationBowdoin College, Waldorf School, Harvard Law SchoolPlace of BirthMineola, New YorkAKAKenneth ChenaultKen ChenaultFull NameKenneth Irvine ChenaultZodiac SignGeminiCite This PageKenneth Chenault is best known as CEO of American Express and one of the first African Americans to lead a Fortune 500 company.IN THESE GROUPSFamous People Named ChenaultAfrican-American Firsts: EntrepreneursFamous People Born on June 2Famous People Born in MineolaShow All GroupsFamous Bowdoin College AlumniFamous People in BusinessFamous People Born in 1951Famous People Born in United StatesFamous Business LeadersFamous GeminisFamous Waldorf School AlumniFamous Harvard Law School AlumniFamous People Born in New YorkFamous People Named KennethSynopsisKenneth Chenault was born on June 2, 1951, in Mineola, New York. He worked as an attorney before transitioning into business, joining American Express in 1981. Chenault was named CEO of American Express in 2001, becoming one of the first African Americans to hold this position in a Fortune 500 company.Early Life and CareerKenneth Irvine Chenault was born on June 2, 1951, in Mineola, New York. His parents worked in a dental office as a dentist and a hygienist. Chenault attended the Waldorf School of Garden City, New York. He graduated from Bowdoin College with a degree in History in 1973. Three years later, he graduated from the Harvard Law School. Chenault began working at the law firm of Rogers & Wells in New York City following his graduation from Harvard. He soon moved on from the firm. After a brief stint in legal practice, he joined Bain & Company as a consultant. American ExpressChenault joined American Express in 1981. He took a position in the languishing merchandizing department, reviving it and leading his team to significant success. He launched lucrative corporate partnerships with companies including Delta Airlines. In 1997, Chenault was named president and chief operating officer of American Express. He was named CEO in 2001—becoming one of the first African Americans to lead a Fortune 500 company. He is credited with guiding the company through the economic and personal devastation of the September 11 attacks in New York, just across the street from American Express headquarters. In addition to his primary professional duties, Chenault has served on the boards of countless academic, professional and civic organizations. Among the causes to which he devotes his time are the National September 11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center Foundation and the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture. He has delivered commencement addresses at Howard University, Wake Forest University and Northeastern University. Personal LifeChenault lives in New Rochelle, New York, with his wife, Kathryn, and sons Kevin and Kenneth Jr. He enjoys skiing and golf and is a member of a gender-segregated Augusta Golf Club, to which he has publicly advocated the admission of women.Fact CheckWe strive for accuracy and fairness. If you see something that doesn't look right, contact us!Citation InformationArticle TitleKenneth Chenault Biography.comAuthorBiography.com EditorsWebsite NameThe Biography.com websiteURLhttps://www.biography.com/people/kenneth-chenault-37719Access Date{{$root.currentTime | date:'MMMM d, yyyy'}}PublisherA&E Television NetworksLast UpdatedApril 1, 2014Original Published Daten/a348SHARESBIO NEWSLETTERSign up to receive updates from BIO and A+E Networks.






















































Kenneth Chenault and Karen Gordon Mills to join Harvard Corporation | Harvard Gazette
































Skip to main content


Menu
Menu
Home



Search for:






harvard.edu
Photographic Services
Resources for Journalists
HPAC
 






Harvard Gazette












Campus & Community

Awards
Commencement
Faculty
Harvard News
Harvard Traditions
In the Community
News by School
Obituaries
On Campus
Staff & Administration
Staff News


Arts & Culture

Art & Photography
Harvard Bound
History, Language & Culture
Literature & Poetry
Music
Theater, Film & Dance


Science & Health

Culture & Society
Engineering & Technology
Environments & Sustainability
Health & Medicine
Life Sciences


National & World Affairs

Business
Economics
Education
Government & Politics
International
Law
National
Public Service
Religion


Athletics

All Teams
Awards
Games/Events


Harvard Events

Events Calendar
Studies Calendar
Ongoing Events


Gazette Topics

Commencement 2017
Harvard and the Military
Inequality
Experience
Harvard Houses
Global Harvard: Mexico
Global Harvard: Latin America
Global Harvard: Asia






          Subscribe to the Daily Gazette






harvard.edu
Photographic Services
Resources for Journalists
HPAC
 


              Find Harvard on:
              
Facebook
                | Twitter
                | LinkedIn
Instagram
                | YouTube
                | iTunes
                  U




About | 
Privacy | 
RSS | 
Trademark | 
Print Gazette Archives | 
Powered by WordPress.com VIP


                © 2017 The President and Fellows of Harvard College
              

















      Kenneth Chenault and Karen Gordon Mills to join Harvard Corporation    

Email
Twitter
Facebook






Campus & Community  >  On Campus 

                    Kenneth Chenault and Karen Gordon Mills to join Harvard Corporation        

 February 10, 2014 | 
		        Editor's Pick 






Photo by Dwight Carter; photo courtesy of Karen Gordon Mills
Kenneth I. Chenault, J.D.’76, and Karen Gordon Mills, A.B. ’75, M.B.A. ’77, were elected as Harvard Corporation members. They will begin their service as Fellows of Harvard College on July 1.
Show more







 




Email
Twitter
Facebook





Kenneth I. Chenault, J.D.’76, and Karen Gordon Mills, A.B. ’75, M.B.A. ’77, have been elected to become members of the Harvard Corporation, the University announced today.
Chenault is the longtime chairman and chief executive officer of American Express Company.
Mills served until recently as the administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration, and is now a senior fellow at Harvard Business School and the Harvard Kennedy School of Government.
Both will begin their service as Fellows of Harvard College on July 1, 2014, having been elected by the Corporation with the consent of the Board of Overseers, in accordance with the University’s charter. 
Chenault and Mills will fill the vacancies created by the planned departures of Robert D. Reischauer, A.B. ’63, and Robert E. Rubin, A.B. ’60, who both intend to step down this summer after 12 years of service. As announced in December, William F. Lee, A.B. ’72, will succeed Reischauer as the Corporation’s senior fellow.
Announcing the appointments, Reischauer and President Drew G. Faust said: “Ken Chenault is one of the nation’s most respected executives, someone who’s widely engaged in civic and nonprofit pursuits and who will bring remarkable leadership qualities and a global perspective to the Corporation’s work. Karen Mills has ably led a major federal agency through a time of challenge and change, and she has served Harvard and Radcliffe with distinction and devotion in a series of important governance roles. Harvard is again fortunate to be able to turn to two such accomplished and dedicated graduates to help guide the University’s affairs and help all of us envision and embrace the possibilities ahead.”
*
Kenneth Chenault has served for more than a decade as the highly regarded chairman and chief executive officer of American Express Company. Under his leadership, American Express has advanced its position as one of the world’s most prominent global services companies. Chenault became chairman and CEO in 2001, 20 years after arriving at American Express. During that time, he progressed through a series of leadership roles including director of strategic planning (1981), president of the Consumer Card Group (1989), president of Travel Related Services (1993), vice chairman (1995), and president and chief operating officer (1997).
“I’m honored to be returning to Harvard and joining the Corporation,” said Chenault. “The University has been an important part of my life for many years. The Harvard community represents a wide range of perspectives, beliefs, and fields of endeavor, while also remaining grounded in common core values. The faculty, students, and staff are dedicated to academic excellence and to making lasting contributions to the world in which we live. I am proud to be associated with them and look forward to working with President Faust and my colleagues in this new role.”
Widely engaged in civic pursuits and broadly experienced in governance matters, Chenault serves on the boards or advisory councils of numerous nonprofit organizations, including the National Academy Foundation, the NYU Langone Medical Center, the Smithsonian Institution’s National Museum of African American History and Culture, the National September 11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center, and the Bloomberg Family Foundation. He also serves on the executive committee of the Business Roundtable, as a member of the Business Council, and on the boards of both IBM and The Procter & Gamble Company.
Chenault is a graduate of Bowdoin College, Class of ’73, where he served on the board of trustees from 1986 to 1993, and a graduate of Harvard Law School, Class of ’76, where he served on the visiting committee from 2006 to 2013 and is now a member of the Dean’s Advisory Board. He is a member of Harvard’s Committee on University Resources. In addition, Chenault has been the recipient of several honorary degrees from academic institutions.
A native of Long Island, N.Y., Chenault lives in New York City with his wife, Kathryn Cassell Chenault, an attorney and member of numerous nonprofit and educational boards. Their son Kenneth is a graduate of Harvard College, Class of 2012, and their son Kevin is currently a senior at Harvard College.
*
An admired public servant with a strong commitment to innovation and entrepreneurship and extensive experience in Harvard governance, Karen Gordon Mills served in President Obama’s Cabinet from April 2009 through August 2013 as the administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration. In that role, she was a member of the president’s National Economic Council, led a federal agency of more than 3,000 employees, and managed a loan guarantee portfolio of nearly $100 billion while also assuring that nearly a quarter of U.S. government prime contracts were awarded to small businesses. She is credited with having guided the SBA through a period of significant renewal and change in the aftermath of the global economic crisis that unfolded in 2008-09, including efforts that supported two record years for SBA-backed lending to small business.
“Our Harvard community includes the most remarkable students, staff, and faculty, and together they have potential to contribute to and influence our world in so many meaningful ways. With that in mind, it is an honor to take on this important role,” Mills said. “I look forward to working with the entire leadership team and President Faust to help shape the future of this great University and its continued role as a driving force for critical thinking, innovation, and excellence.”
Mills now serves as a senior fellow at both the Harvard Business School and the Harvard Kennedy School’s Mossavar-Rahmani Center for Business and Government, focusing her attention on U.S. competitiveness, entrepreneurship, and innovation. She was a resident fellow at Harvard’s Institute of Politics in fall 2013.
Mills recently resumed her role as president of MMP Group, a private equity firm based in Maine, a position she held before her time at the SBA. Previously, she was a founding partner and managing director of Solera Capital, a New York-based venture capital firm. She has served on the boards of Scotts Miracle-Gro, Arrow Electronics, Guardian Insurance, Latina Media Ventures, and Annie’s Homegrown. A member of the Council on Foreign Relations, she is past chair of Maine’s Council on Competitiveness and the Economy, a past director of the Maine Technology Institute, a former member of the Maine Governor’s Council for the Redevelopment of the Brunswick Naval Air Station, and a former trustee of The Nature Conservancy of Maine. Early in her career, she was a consultant for McKinsey & Company and a product manager for General Foods.
Mills graduated from Harvard College in 1975 and from Harvard Business School, where she was a Baker Scholar, in 1977. She has remained an active and dedicated alumna, including prior service in key governance roles. She served on Harvard’s Board of Overseers from 1999 to 2005, was elected by her peers as vice chair of the board’s executive committee for 2004-05, and served for two years as chair of the board’s standing committee on finance, administration, and management. She was a trustee of Radcliffe College from 1985 to 1993.
A former member of the governing boards’ Joint Committee on Inspection, she is also past chair of the Committee to Visit Harvard Business School, as well as a past member of the visiting committees for the then-Division of Engineering and Applied Sciences, for the Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology, and for Information Technology. She is a member of the Committee on University Resources, and was honored with Harvard Business School’s Alumni Achievement Award in 2011.
Born in Wellesley, Mass., Mills now lives in Brunswick, Maine, with her husband, Barry Mills, president of Bowdoin College since 2001. They have three sons, William, Henry, and George, who is currently a junior at Harvard.
The President and Fellows of Harvard College, also known as the Harvard Corporation, is Harvard’s principal fiduciary governing board and the smaller of Harvard’s two boards, the other being the Board of Overseers.
In addition to President Faust, the current Corporation members include Lawrence S. Bacow, J.D. ’76, M.P.P. ’76, Ph.D. ’78, president emeritus of Tufts University and Visiting Professor of Education at the Harvard Graduate School of Education; James W. Breyer, M.B.A. ’87, partner in the venture capital firm Accel Partners; Paul J. Finnegan, A.B. ’75, M.B.A. ’82, co-CEO of Madison Dearborn Partners; Susan L. Graham, A.B. ’64, Pehong Chen Distinguished Professor Emerita of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of California, Berkeley; Nannerl O. Keohane, LL.D. (hon.) ’93, senior scholar at Princeton’s Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs and president emerita of Duke University and Wellesley College; William F. Lee, A.B. ’72, partner and former co-managing partner in the law firm Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr; Jessica Tuchman Mathews, A.B. ’67, president of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace; Joseph J. O’Donnell, A.B. ’67, M.B.A. ’71, chairman of Centerplate Inc.; Robert D. Reischauer (senior fellow), A.B. ’63, president emeritus of the Urban Institute and past director of the Congressional Budget Office; James F. Rothenberg (treasurer), A.B. ’68, M.B.A. ’70, chairman of Capital Research and Management Company; Robert E. Rubin, A.B. ’60, LL.D. (hon.) ’01, co-chairman of the Council on Foreign Relations and former U.S. Secretary of the Treasury; and Theodore V. Wells Jr., J.D. ’76, M.B.A. ’76, partner and co-chair of the litigation department in the law firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison.
Nominations and advice regarding future Corporation appointments may be sent in confidence to corporationsearch@harvard.edu.

 






View all posts in Campus & Community

Next:
A Harvard education, without worry

By Corydon Ireland, Harvard Staff Writer | February 7, 2014
			

>



 




Photo by Dwight Carter; photo courtesy of Karen Gordon Mills
Kenneth I. Chenault, J.D.’76, and Karen Gordon Mills, A.B. ’75, M.B.A. ’77, were elected as Harvard Corporation members. They will begin their service as Fellows of Harvard College on July 1.




Popular





View all posts in Science & Health

Good genes are nice, but joy is better

By Liz Mineo, Harvard Staff Writer | April 11, 2017 | 
		        Editor's Pick
Popular

For nearly 80 years, the Harvard Study of Adult Development has been producing data and lessons on how to live longer, happier, and healthier lives.






View all posts in Campus & Community

Charles M. Lieber named University Professor

July 20, 2017 | 
		        Editor's Pick
Popular

Acclaimed chemist Charles M. Lieber has been named a University Professor and is the first to receive the Joshua and Beth Friedman University Professorship. 







View all posts in Science & Health

Older, heavier, more at risk

By Amy Roeder, Harvard Chan School Communications | July 18, 2017 | 
		        Editor's Pick
Popular

A new study shows weight gain during young and middle adulthood may increase risk of chronic diseases and premature death, and decrease the likelihood of achieving healthy aging.






View all posts in National & World Affairs

Finance meets humanities — really

By John Laidler, Harvard Correspondent | July 14, 2017 | 
		        Editor's Pick

Economist Mihir Desai sets aside his usual academic work in a new book in which he uses plain language and stories drawn from literature and art to explain the basic principles of finance and show how deeply they are rooted in the humanities.






View all posts in National & World Affairs

New questions in Russia probe

By Christina Pazzanese, Harvard Staff Writer | July 20, 2017 | 
		        Editor's Pick

Rolf Mowatt-Larssen, director of the Belfer Center’s Intelligence and Defense Project, assesses revelations that in June 2016 top Trump campaign officials met with Russians who claimed they could deliver damaging information on Hillary Clinton. 






View all posts in Science & Health

New approach may kill tumor cells in the brain

BWH/HSCI Communications | July 11, 2017 | 
		        Editor's Pick
Popular

Harvard-based researchers have developed cancer-killing viruses that can deliver stem cells via the carotid artery, a potential treatment for tumor cells that have metastasized to the brain. 







Related





View all posts in Campus & Community

Elections open for Overseers and HAA directors

January 9, 2014
			
This spring, alumni can vote for a new group of Harvard Overseers and Harvard Alumni Association elected directors.







Upcoming Events



Summer Sundays Family Fun
July 23, 2017




JFK's Harvard/Harvard's JFK
July 23, 2017




Manuscript Maps: Hand-Drawn Treasures of the Harvard Map Collection
July 24, 2017




Open House 75: Houghton Library Staff Select
July 24, 2017




Gallery Talk: Philosophy Chamber Conversations—Copley’s Art of Revision
July 25, 2017




Farmer's Market at Harvard
July 25, 2017


More »





































































































































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Body Burn Brooklyn | Adventure Chaser






























 






























Select Page


  
 



 



 








Join Us Today And Start Dreaming!
 
 
 
 





The key fundamental for each kind of preoccupation is in like way a regular warm-up stage concerning lifting weights. This is the best way to deal with ruin wounds that can happen amidst an action. There are, grievously, still contenders who…
 
 

In lifting weights the accomplishment of the planning depends essentially on the eating regimen. The subject is in this manner incredibly fascinating, in addition particularly confused when one is worried with something.
 
 
 


 Particularly understudies in working out, who need to manage the point of sustenance in this exceptional situation, by and large need to know quickly and quickly what they need to pay novel identity to.
 
 
 
 



 
 
 





 

Couple of individuals comprehend that Arnold has a business degree, regardless he didn’t require his affirmation to appreciate that solid setbacks applies to works out, as well.
 
 

Inside an essential structure, I was consistently alluding to change my activities,” Arnold made. “I got a kick out of the chance to amaze the muscles by not enabling them to get impulsive in a steadfast normal.
 
 



 
 
 




10-minute stretching routine
  1. The quadriceps resting stretch Rests on your left favor your knees bowed. Put your left hand beneath your head and hold your correct leg on the lower leg with your correct hand. Begin pulling the correct leg to the back until you feel the extend. Hold that position...

 

The thigh/back musculature creating
  Need to know the least expensive and likely the best way? SQUAT! I have met individuals that never picked up muscle until they got on a straightforward program that spun around substantial hunching down. I have had tranquilize free individuals pick up 20 lbs in three...

 

A legitimately executed dumbbell horizontal raise
  Dumbbell Lateral Raise In the event that you are searching for an activity to shape your shoulders and add width to them, a legitimately executed dumbbell horizontal raise can truly be your partner. This is on the grounds that dumbbell side parallel raises focus on...

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

























Kenneth Chenault - Wikipedia






















 






Kenneth Chenault

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Kenneth Chenault



Chenault and his wife at Barack Obama's second state dinner



Personal details


Born
Kenneth Irvine Chenault
(1951-06-02) June 2, 1951 (age 66)
Mineola, New York


Spouse(s)
Kathryn Chenault


Alma mater
Bowdoin College
Harvard University


Occupation
CEO of American Express[1][2]


Kenneth Irvine Chenault (born June 2, 1951) is an American business executive. He has been the CEO and Chairman of American Express since 2001.[3][4] He is the third black CEO of a Fortune 500 company.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life, education, and legal career
1.2 CEO of American Express
1.3 Philanthropy
1.4 Personal life


2 References
3 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life, education, and legal career[edit]
Chenault was born in Mineola, New York, Nassau County, as the son of a dentist and dental hygienist.[5] His father was Hortenius Chenault a graduate of Morehouse College in Georgia, and a 1939 graduate from Howard University Dental School who passed the New York State dental exam with the highest score ever recorded as of January 2014.[6] Chenault attended the alternative Waldorf School of Garden City,[7] where he served as senior class president.[5] He then received B.A. in history from Bowdoin College in 1973, and J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1976 (on February 10, 2014, it was announced that he had been elected to fill a vacated seat of the Harvard Corporation; the Corporation is the chief fiduciary authority of the University and is the smaller of the two governing boards, the other being the Harvard Board of Overseers).[8][9]
After Harvard, he worked as an associate at the law firm Rogers & Wells (1977–1979) in New York City, and as a consultant for Bain & Company (1979–1981).[8][10]
CEO of American Express[edit]
He joined American Express in 1981, working in the Strategic Planning Group.[11] He became president and chief operating officer in 1997.[11] He became CEO of American Express in 2001.
As CEO of American Express in 2007 and 2008, Chenault earned a total compensation of $50,126,585[12] and $42,752,461[13] respectively. In 2009, he earned a total compensation of $16,617,639, which included a base salary of $1,201,923, a cash bonus of $10,450,000, an option grant of $3,985,637, and other compensation worth $980,079.[14]
He is currently co-chair of the Business Roundtable,[15] a director at IBM,[4][11] and a member at the Council on Foreign Relations.[16] He is a member of the Executive Committee of The Business Council for 2011 and 2012.[17]
In 1995, Ebony listed him as one of 50 "living pioneers" in the African-American community.[18] Chenault was inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2002. In 2008, he gave the commencement address at Howard University.[19]
In May 2010, he gave the commencement speech at Wake Forest University[20] and Northeastern University.[21]
Philanthropy[edit]
On November 15, 2010, Old North Foundation recognized Chenault with its Third Lantern Award for individual commitment and dedication to public service. The Foundation honored Chenault and American Express for their significant contributions to the preservation efforts of many significant monuments and landmark structures, including the steeple of the Old North Church.[22]
Personal life[edit]
He resides in New Rochelle, New York, with his wife and children.[23] Kenneth Chenault is a member of Westchester Country Club.[24]
References[edit]



^ "American Express CEO Ken Chenault: 'There's a $25 trillion opportunity'". fortune.com. Retrieved 2015-08-09. 
^ "An interview with Kenneth Chenault, CEO at American Express". london.edu. Retrieved 2015-08-09. 
^ "Board of Directors and Executive Officers". American Express. Archived from the original on 2006-10-21. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ a b "Kenneth I Chenault profile". Forbes. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ a b "Kenneth Chenault Biography – Facts, Birthday, Life Story". Biography.com. 1951-06-02. Retrieved 2012-03-20. [permanent dead link]
^ http://nkaa.uky.edu/record.php?note_id=508
^ "Ken Chenault: The Rise of a Star" Business Week Dec. 21, 1998
^ a b "Kenneth Chenault: Corporate CEO". CNN. February 2002. Archived from the original on 2007-02-19. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2014/02/chenault_gordon_mills_named/
^ "Kenneth I. Chenault". The White House. Retrieved 25 February 2013. 
^ a b c Bianco, Anthony (December 21, 1998). "KEN CHENAULT: THE RISE OF A STAR". Business Week. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ 2007 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ 2009 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ "About us: Officers". Business Roundtable. Archived from the original on 2007-02-02. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ See for example the transcript of a luncheon over which he presided: "New Realities in the Media Age: A Conversation with Donald Rumsfeld". Council on Foreign Relations. February 17, 2006. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ The Business Council, Official website, Executive Committee Archived 2013-07-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "50 who changed America – influential African Americans". Ebony. November 1995. Archived from the original on 2007-07-02. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ "Commencement Speech at Howard University". Howard.edu. 2008-05-10. Retrieved 2012-03-20. 
^ American Express CEO to deliver address, Window on Wake Forest, March 22, 2010. Accessed 2010-03-22.
^ May commencement speakers announced, Northeastern University, March 22, 2010. Accessed 2010-03-23.
^ "Kenneth Chenault, American Express Chairman and CEO Receives". Bloomberg. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ Sexton, Julia (2009-01-23). "Westchester Magazine". Westchester Magazine. Archived from the original on 2010-12-14. Retrieved 2012-03-20. 
^ "Caddie Scholarship Fund, Inc." (PDF). Westchester Golf Association. 



External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Kenneth Chenault



Appearances on C-SPAN



Business positions


Preceded by
Harvey Golub
Chief Executive Officer of American Express
2001–present
Incumbent








v
t
e


American Express



Payment products



Accolades Cards
Charge cards
Credit cards
ExpressPay
Traveler's cheques
Centurion Card
Plum Card





Spun-off companies



Ameriprise Financial
First Data Corp.
Lehman Brothers
Merchants Despatch
Railway Express Agency
Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment





Notable current and former executives



Henry Wells
William Fargo
J. C. Fargo
Howard L. Clark Sr.
Ralph Reed
James D. Robinson III
Louis V. Gerstner Jr.
Sanford I. Weill
Harvey Golub
Kenneth Chenault
Gary Crittenden





Corporate directors



Kenneth Chenault (Chairman)
Daniel Akerson
Charlene Barshefsky
Ursula Burns
Peter Chernin
Vernon Jordan Jr.
Jan Leschly
Rick Levin
Edward D. Miller
Frank Popoff
Robert D. Walter
Ron Williams





Other



The Adventures of Seinfeld & Superman
American Express Incentive Services
Salad Oil Scandal
World Monuments Watch
65 Broadway
Falmer Stadium (The American Express Community Stadium)
Small Business Saturday
Three World Financial Center










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kenneth_Chenault&oldid=790261031"					
Categories: 1951 birthsLiving peopleAfrican-American businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican ExpressAmerican management consultantsBain & Company employeesBowdoin College alumniDirectors of IBMHarvard Law School alumniPeople from Mineola, New YorkPeople from New Rochelle, New YorkWaldorf school alumniAmerican chief executives of Fortune 500 companiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 16:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Kenneth Chenault - Wikipedia






















 






Kenneth Chenault

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Kenneth Chenault



Chenault and his wife at Barack Obama's second state dinner



Personal details


Born
Kenneth Irvine Chenault
(1951-06-02) June 2, 1951 (age 66)
Mineola, New York


Spouse(s)
Kathryn Chenault


Alma mater
Bowdoin College
Harvard University


Occupation
CEO of American Express[1][2]


Kenneth Irvine Chenault (born June 2, 1951) is an American business executive. He has been the CEO and Chairman of American Express since 2001.[3][4] He is the third black CEO of a Fortune 500 company.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life, education, and legal career
1.2 CEO of American Express
1.3 Philanthropy
1.4 Personal life


2 References
3 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life, education, and legal career[edit]
Chenault was born in Mineola, New York, Nassau County, as the son of a dentist and dental hygienist.[5] His father was Hortenius Chenault a graduate of Morehouse College in Georgia, and a 1939 graduate from Howard University Dental School who passed the New York State dental exam with the highest score ever recorded as of January 2014.[6] Chenault attended the alternative Waldorf School of Garden City,[7] where he served as senior class president.[5] He then received B.A. in history from Bowdoin College in 1973, and J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1976 (on February 10, 2014, it was announced that he had been elected to fill a vacated seat of the Harvard Corporation; the Corporation is the chief fiduciary authority of the University and is the smaller of the two governing boards, the other being the Harvard Board of Overseers).[8][9]
After Harvard, he worked as an associate at the law firm Rogers & Wells (1977–1979) in New York City, and as a consultant for Bain & Company (1979–1981).[8][10]
CEO of American Express[edit]
He joined American Express in 1981, working in the Strategic Planning Group.[11] He became president and chief operating officer in 1997.[11] He became CEO of American Express in 2001.
As CEO of American Express in 2007 and 2008, Chenault earned a total compensation of $50,126,585[12] and $42,752,461[13] respectively. In 2009, he earned a total compensation of $16,617,639, which included a base salary of $1,201,923, a cash bonus of $10,450,000, an option grant of $3,985,637, and other compensation worth $980,079.[14]
He is currently co-chair of the Business Roundtable,[15] a director at IBM,[4][11] and a member at the Council on Foreign Relations.[16] He is a member of the Executive Committee of The Business Council for 2011 and 2012.[17]
In 1995, Ebony listed him as one of 50 "living pioneers" in the African-American community.[18] Chenault was inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2002. In 2008, he gave the commencement address at Howard University.[19]
In May 2010, he gave the commencement speech at Wake Forest University[20] and Northeastern University.[21]
Philanthropy[edit]
On November 15, 2010, Old North Foundation recognized Chenault with its Third Lantern Award for individual commitment and dedication to public service. The Foundation honored Chenault and American Express for their significant contributions to the preservation efforts of many significant monuments and landmark structures, including the steeple of the Old North Church.[22]
Personal life[edit]
He resides in New Rochelle, New York, with his wife and children.[23] Kenneth Chenault is a member of Westchester Country Club.[24]
References[edit]



^ "American Express CEO Ken Chenault: 'There's a $25 trillion opportunity'". fortune.com. Retrieved 2015-08-09. 
^ "An interview with Kenneth Chenault, CEO at American Express". london.edu. Retrieved 2015-08-09. 
^ "Board of Directors and Executive Officers". American Express. Archived from the original on 2006-10-21. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ a b "Kenneth I Chenault profile". Forbes. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ a b "Kenneth Chenault Biography – Facts, Birthday, Life Story". Biography.com. 1951-06-02. Retrieved 2012-03-20. [permanent dead link]
^ http://nkaa.uky.edu/record.php?note_id=508
^ "Ken Chenault: The Rise of a Star" Business Week Dec. 21, 1998
^ a b "Kenneth Chenault: Corporate CEO". CNN. February 2002. Archived from the original on 2007-02-19. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2014/02/chenault_gordon_mills_named/
^ "Kenneth I. Chenault". The White House. Retrieved 25 February 2013. 
^ a b c Bianco, Anthony (December 21, 1998). "KEN CHENAULT: THE RISE OF A STAR". Business Week. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ 2007 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ 2009 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ "About us: Officers". Business Roundtable. Archived from the original on 2007-02-02. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ See for example the transcript of a luncheon over which he presided: "New Realities in the Media Age: A Conversation with Donald Rumsfeld". Council on Foreign Relations. February 17, 2006. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ The Business Council, Official website, Executive Committee Archived 2013-07-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "50 who changed America – influential African Americans". Ebony. November 1995. Archived from the original on 2007-07-02. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ "Commencement Speech at Howard University". Howard.edu. 2008-05-10. Retrieved 2012-03-20. 
^ American Express CEO to deliver address, Window on Wake Forest, March 22, 2010. Accessed 2010-03-22.
^ May commencement speakers announced, Northeastern University, March 22, 2010. Accessed 2010-03-23.
^ "Kenneth Chenault, American Express Chairman and CEO Receives". Bloomberg. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ Sexton, Julia (2009-01-23). "Westchester Magazine". Westchester Magazine. Archived from the original on 2010-12-14. Retrieved 2012-03-20. 
^ "Caddie Scholarship Fund, Inc." (PDF). Westchester Golf Association. 



External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Kenneth Chenault



Appearances on C-SPAN



Business positions


Preceded by
Harvey Golub
Chief Executive Officer of American Express
2001–present
Incumbent








v
t
e


American Express



Payment products



Accolades Cards
Charge cards
Credit cards
ExpressPay
Traveler's cheques
Centurion Card
Plum Card





Spun-off companies



Ameriprise Financial
First Data Corp.
Lehman Brothers
Merchants Despatch
Railway Express Agency
Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment





Notable current and former executives



Henry Wells
William Fargo
J. C. Fargo
Howard L. Clark Sr.
Ralph Reed
James D. Robinson III
Louis V. Gerstner Jr.
Sanford I. Weill
Harvey Golub
Kenneth Chenault
Gary Crittenden





Corporate directors



Kenneth Chenault (Chairman)
Daniel Akerson
Charlene Barshefsky
Ursula Burns
Peter Chernin
Vernon Jordan Jr.
Jan Leschly
Rick Levin
Edward D. Miller
Frank Popoff
Robert D. Walter
Ron Williams





Other



The Adventures of Seinfeld & Superman
American Express Incentive Services
Salad Oil Scandal
World Monuments Watch
65 Broadway
Falmer Stadium (The American Express Community Stadium)
Small Business Saturday
Three World Financial Center










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kenneth_Chenault&oldid=790261031"					
Categories: 1951 birthsLiving peopleAfrican-American businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican ExpressAmerican management consultantsBain & Company employeesBowdoin College alumniDirectors of IBMHarvard Law School alumniPeople from Mineola, New YorkPeople from New Rochelle, New YorkWaldorf school alumniAmerican chief executives of Fortune 500 companiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 16:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Kenneth Chenault - Wikipedia






















 






Kenneth Chenault

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Kenneth Chenault



Chenault and his wife at Barack Obama's second state dinner



Personal details


Born
Kenneth Irvine Chenault
(1951-06-02) June 2, 1951 (age 66)
Mineola, New York


Spouse(s)
Kathryn Chenault


Alma mater
Bowdoin College
Harvard University


Occupation
CEO of American Express[1][2]


Kenneth Irvine Chenault (born June 2, 1951) is an American business executive. He has been the CEO and Chairman of American Express since 2001.[3][4] He is the third black CEO of a Fortune 500 company.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life, education, and legal career
1.2 CEO of American Express
1.3 Philanthropy
1.4 Personal life


2 References
3 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life, education, and legal career[edit]
Chenault was born in Mineola, New York, Nassau County, as the son of a dentist and dental hygienist.[5] His father was Hortenius Chenault a graduate of Morehouse College in Georgia, and a 1939 graduate from Howard University Dental School who passed the New York State dental exam with the highest score ever recorded as of January 2014.[6] Chenault attended the alternative Waldorf School of Garden City,[7] where he served as senior class president.[5] He then received B.A. in history from Bowdoin College in 1973, and J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1976 (on February 10, 2014, it was announced that he had been elected to fill a vacated seat of the Harvard Corporation; the Corporation is the chief fiduciary authority of the University and is the smaller of the two governing boards, the other being the Harvard Board of Overseers).[8][9]
After Harvard, he worked as an associate at the law firm Rogers & Wells (1977–1979) in New York City, and as a consultant for Bain & Company (1979–1981).[8][10]
CEO of American Express[edit]
He joined American Express in 1981, working in the Strategic Planning Group.[11] He became president and chief operating officer in 1997.[11] He became CEO of American Express in 2001.
As CEO of American Express in 2007 and 2008, Chenault earned a total compensation of $50,126,585[12] and $42,752,461[13] respectively. In 2009, he earned a total compensation of $16,617,639, which included a base salary of $1,201,923, a cash bonus of $10,450,000, an option grant of $3,985,637, and other compensation worth $980,079.[14]
He is currently co-chair of the Business Roundtable,[15] a director at IBM,[4][11] and a member at the Council on Foreign Relations.[16] He is a member of the Executive Committee of The Business Council for 2011 and 2012.[17]
In 1995, Ebony listed him as one of 50 "living pioneers" in the African-American community.[18] Chenault was inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2002. In 2008, he gave the commencement address at Howard University.[19]
In May 2010, he gave the commencement speech at Wake Forest University[20] and Northeastern University.[21]
Philanthropy[edit]
On November 15, 2010, Old North Foundation recognized Chenault with its Third Lantern Award for individual commitment and dedication to public service. The Foundation honored Chenault and American Express for their significant contributions to the preservation efforts of many significant monuments and landmark structures, including the steeple of the Old North Church.[22]
Personal life[edit]
He resides in New Rochelle, New York, with his wife and children.[23] Kenneth Chenault is a member of Westchester Country Club.[24]
References[edit]



^ "American Express CEO Ken Chenault: 'There's a $25 trillion opportunity'". fortune.com. Retrieved 2015-08-09. 
^ "An interview with Kenneth Chenault, CEO at American Express". london.edu. Retrieved 2015-08-09. 
^ "Board of Directors and Executive Officers". American Express. Archived from the original on 2006-10-21. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ a b "Kenneth I Chenault profile". Forbes. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ a b "Kenneth Chenault Biography – Facts, Birthday, Life Story". Biography.com. 1951-06-02. Retrieved 2012-03-20. [permanent dead link]
^ http://nkaa.uky.edu/record.php?note_id=508
^ "Ken Chenault: The Rise of a Star" Business Week Dec. 21, 1998
^ a b "Kenneth Chenault: Corporate CEO". CNN. February 2002. Archived from the original on 2007-02-19. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2014/02/chenault_gordon_mills_named/
^ "Kenneth I. Chenault". The White House. Retrieved 25 February 2013. 
^ a b c Bianco, Anthony (December 21, 1998). "KEN CHENAULT: THE RISE OF A STAR". Business Week. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ 2007 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ 2009 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ "About us: Officers". Business Roundtable. Archived from the original on 2007-02-02. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ See for example the transcript of a luncheon over which he presided: "New Realities in the Media Age: A Conversation with Donald Rumsfeld". Council on Foreign Relations. February 17, 2006. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ The Business Council, Official website, Executive Committee Archived 2013-07-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "50 who changed America – influential African Americans". Ebony. November 1995. Archived from the original on 2007-07-02. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ "Commencement Speech at Howard University". Howard.edu. 2008-05-10. Retrieved 2012-03-20. 
^ American Express CEO to deliver address, Window on Wake Forest, March 22, 2010. Accessed 2010-03-22.
^ May commencement speakers announced, Northeastern University, March 22, 2010. Accessed 2010-03-23.
^ "Kenneth Chenault, American Express Chairman and CEO Receives". Bloomberg. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ Sexton, Julia (2009-01-23). "Westchester Magazine". Westchester Magazine. Archived from the original on 2010-12-14. Retrieved 2012-03-20. 
^ "Caddie Scholarship Fund, Inc." (PDF). Westchester Golf Association. 



External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Kenneth Chenault



Appearances on C-SPAN



Business positions


Preceded by
Harvey Golub
Chief Executive Officer of American Express
2001–present
Incumbent








v
t
e


American Express



Payment products



Accolades Cards
Charge cards
Credit cards
ExpressPay
Traveler's cheques
Centurion Card
Plum Card





Spun-off companies



Ameriprise Financial
First Data Corp.
Lehman Brothers
Merchants Despatch
Railway Express Agency
Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment





Notable current and former executives



Henry Wells
William Fargo
J. C. Fargo
Howard L. Clark Sr.
Ralph Reed
James D. Robinson III
Louis V. Gerstner Jr.
Sanford I. Weill
Harvey Golub
Kenneth Chenault
Gary Crittenden





Corporate directors



Kenneth Chenault (Chairman)
Daniel Akerson
Charlene Barshefsky
Ursula Burns
Peter Chernin
Vernon Jordan Jr.
Jan Leschly
Rick Levin
Edward D. Miller
Frank Popoff
Robert D. Walter
Ron Williams





Other



The Adventures of Seinfeld & Superman
American Express Incentive Services
Salad Oil Scandal
World Monuments Watch
65 Broadway
Falmer Stadium (The American Express Community Stadium)
Small Business Saturday
Three World Financial Center










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kenneth_Chenault&oldid=790261031"					
Categories: 1951 birthsLiving peopleAfrican-American businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican ExpressAmerican management consultantsBain & Company employeesBowdoin College alumniDirectors of IBMHarvard Law School alumniPeople from Mineola, New YorkPeople from New Rochelle, New YorkWaldorf school alumniAmerican chief executives of Fortune 500 companiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 16:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Kenneth Chenault - Wikipedia






















 






Kenneth Chenault

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Kenneth Chenault



Chenault and his wife at Barack Obama's second state dinner



Personal details


Born
Kenneth Irvine Chenault
(1951-06-02) June 2, 1951 (age 66)
Mineola, New York


Spouse(s)
Kathryn Chenault


Alma mater
Bowdoin College
Harvard University


Occupation
CEO of American Express[1][2]


Kenneth Irvine Chenault (born June 2, 1951) is an American business executive. He has been the CEO and Chairman of American Express since 2001.[3][4] He is the third black CEO of a Fortune 500 company.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life, education, and legal career
1.2 CEO of American Express
1.3 Philanthropy
1.4 Personal life


2 References
3 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life, education, and legal career[edit]
Chenault was born in Mineola, New York, Nassau County, as the son of a dentist and dental hygienist.[5] His father was Hortenius Chenault a graduate of Morehouse College in Georgia, and a 1939 graduate from Howard University Dental School who passed the New York State dental exam with the highest score ever recorded as of January 2014.[6] Chenault attended the alternative Waldorf School of Garden City,[7] where he served as senior class president.[5] He then received B.A. in history from Bowdoin College in 1973, and J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1976 (on February 10, 2014, it was announced that he had been elected to fill a vacated seat of the Harvard Corporation; the Corporation is the chief fiduciary authority of the University and is the smaller of the two governing boards, the other being the Harvard Board of Overseers).[8][9]
After Harvard, he worked as an associate at the law firm Rogers & Wells (1977–1979) in New York City, and as a consultant for Bain & Company (1979–1981).[8][10]
CEO of American Express[edit]
He joined American Express in 1981, working in the Strategic Planning Group.[11] He became president and chief operating officer in 1997.[11] He became CEO of American Express in 2001.
As CEO of American Express in 2007 and 2008, Chenault earned a total compensation of $50,126,585[12] and $42,752,461[13] respectively. In 2009, he earned a total compensation of $16,617,639, which included a base salary of $1,201,923, a cash bonus of $10,450,000, an option grant of $3,985,637, and other compensation worth $980,079.[14]
He is currently co-chair of the Business Roundtable,[15] a director at IBM,[4][11] and a member at the Council on Foreign Relations.[16] He is a member of the Executive Committee of The Business Council for 2011 and 2012.[17]
In 1995, Ebony listed him as one of 50 "living pioneers" in the African-American community.[18] Chenault was inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2002. In 2008, he gave the commencement address at Howard University.[19]
In May 2010, he gave the commencement speech at Wake Forest University[20] and Northeastern University.[21]
Philanthropy[edit]
On November 15, 2010, Old North Foundation recognized Chenault with its Third Lantern Award for individual commitment and dedication to public service. The Foundation honored Chenault and American Express for their significant contributions to the preservation efforts of many significant monuments and landmark structures, including the steeple of the Old North Church.[22]
Personal life[edit]
He resides in New Rochelle, New York, with his wife and children.[23] Kenneth Chenault is a member of Westchester Country Club.[24]
References[edit]



^ "American Express CEO Ken Chenault: 'There's a $25 trillion opportunity'". fortune.com. Retrieved 2015-08-09. 
^ "An interview with Kenneth Chenault, CEO at American Express". london.edu. Retrieved 2015-08-09. 
^ "Board of Directors and Executive Officers". American Express. Archived from the original on 2006-10-21. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ a b "Kenneth I Chenault profile". Forbes. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ a b "Kenneth Chenault Biography – Facts, Birthday, Life Story". Biography.com. 1951-06-02. Retrieved 2012-03-20. [permanent dead link]
^ http://nkaa.uky.edu/record.php?note_id=508
^ "Ken Chenault: The Rise of a Star" Business Week Dec. 21, 1998
^ a b "Kenneth Chenault: Corporate CEO". CNN. February 2002. Archived from the original on 2007-02-19. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2014/02/chenault_gordon_mills_named/
^ "Kenneth I. Chenault". The White House. Retrieved 25 February 2013. 
^ a b c Bianco, Anthony (December 21, 1998). "KEN CHENAULT: THE RISE OF A STAR". Business Week. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ 2007 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ 2009 CEO Compensation for Kenneth I. Chenault, Equilar
^ "About us: Officers". Business Roundtable. Archived from the original on 2007-02-02. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ See for example the transcript of a luncheon over which he presided: "New Realities in the Media Age: A Conversation with Donald Rumsfeld". Council on Foreign Relations. February 17, 2006. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ The Business Council, Official website, Executive Committee Archived 2013-07-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "50 who changed America – influential African Americans". Ebony. November 1995. Archived from the original on 2007-07-02. Retrieved 2007-05-11. 
^ "Commencement Speech at Howard University". Howard.edu. 2008-05-10. Retrieved 2012-03-20. 
^ American Express CEO to deliver address, Window on Wake Forest, March 22, 2010. Accessed 2010-03-22.
^ May commencement speakers announced, Northeastern University, March 22, 2010. Accessed 2010-03-23.
^ "Kenneth Chenault, American Express Chairman and CEO Receives". Bloomberg. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ Sexton, Julia (2009-01-23). "Westchester Magazine". Westchester Magazine. Archived from the original on 2010-12-14. Retrieved 2012-03-20. 
^ "Caddie Scholarship Fund, Inc." (PDF). Westchester Golf Association. 



External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Kenneth Chenault



Appearances on C-SPAN



Business positions


Preceded by
Harvey Golub
Chief Executive Officer of American Express
2001–present
Incumbent








v
t
e


American Express



Payment products



Accolades Cards
Charge cards
Credit cards
ExpressPay
Traveler's cheques
Centurion Card
Plum Card





Spun-off companies



Ameriprise Financial
First Data Corp.
Lehman Brothers
Merchants Despatch
Railway Express Agency
Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment





Notable current and former executives



Henry Wells
William Fargo
J. C. Fargo
Howard L. Clark Sr.
Ralph Reed
James D. Robinson III
Louis V. Gerstner Jr.
Sanford I. Weill
Harvey Golub
Kenneth Chenault
Gary Crittenden





Corporate directors



Kenneth Chenault (Chairman)
Daniel Akerson
Charlene Barshefsky
Ursula Burns
Peter Chernin
Vernon Jordan Jr.
Jan Leschly
Rick Levin
Edward D. Miller
Frank Popoff
Robert D. Walter
Ron Williams





Other



The Adventures of Seinfeld & Superman
American Express Incentive Services
Salad Oil Scandal
World Monuments Watch
65 Broadway
Falmer Stadium (The American Express Community Stadium)
Small Business Saturday
Three World Financial Center










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kenneth_Chenault&oldid=790261031"					
Categories: 1951 birthsLiving peopleAfrican-American businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican ExpressAmerican management consultantsBain & Company employeesBowdoin College alumniDirectors of IBMHarvard Law School alumniPeople from Mineola, New YorkPeople from New Rochelle, New YorkWaldorf school alumniAmerican chief executives of Fortune 500 companiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 16:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Ken Chenault Net Worth | Celebrity Net Worth           Celebrity Net Worth  Search Random  Ken Chenault Net WorthHow much is Ken Chenault Worth? in Richest Businessmen › CEOsShare on FacebookShare on TwitterRandom CelebrityKen Chenault net worth:$110 Million Ken Chenault Net Worth and salary: Ken Chenault is an American business executive who is the CEO and Chairman of American Express and who has a net worth of $110 million. Ken Chenault was born June 2, 1951in Mineola, New York in Nassau County where he attended he the Waldorf School and received B.A. in history from Bowdoin College in 1973, and J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1976. After Harvard, he worked as an associate at the law firm Rogers & Wells from 1977-1979 and as a consultant for Bain & Company from 1979-1981. He joined American Express in 1981, working in the Strategic Planning Group. In 1995, Ebony magazine listed him as one of 50 living pioneers in the African-American community. He became president and chief operating officer in 1997. He became CEO of American Express in 2001. He is the third African-American CEO of a Fortune 500 company. While CEO of American Express in 2007, Chenault earned a total compensation of $50,126,585, and in 2008, he earned a total compensation of $42,752,461. In 2009, he earned a total compensation of $16,617,639, which included a base salary of $1,201,923, a cash bonus of $10,450,000, an option grant of $3,985,637, and other compensation worth $980,079. He resides in New Rochelle, New York in Westchester County with his wife and children. The Highest Paid CEOs In The World    Kenneth I. ChenaultBusinesspersonDate of BirthJun 2, 1951 (66 years old)NationalityUnited States of AmericaMore CEOs Martin Shkreli Net Worth  Brian Sheth Net Worth  Don Blankenship Net Worth  Peter Szulczewski Net Worth  Apoorva Mehta Net Worth  Dana White Net Worth  Jimmy Iovine Net Worth  Mark Hurd Net Worth  Steve Jobs Net Worth  Marcus Lemonis Net Worth  Share on FacebookAll net worths are calculated by applying a proprietary algorithm. The results are then fact checked and confirmed by a team of editors. We scan all publicly available data and resources and work diligently to ensure that our numbers are the most accurate and up to date net worth data you will find anywhere on the internet.Did we make a mistake?Submit a correction suggestion and help us fix it! Submit a CorrectionDiscussion  Must Read Articles Husband Of 'Real Housewives of Potomac' Star Karen Huger Owes Millions In Taxes  Apple's Rumored New iPhone Just Turned This Guy Into The World's Newest Billionaire  Conor McGregor Was On Welfare In 2013. Next Month He'll Make $150 Million Fighting Floyd Mayweather.  Shaq Is Planning To Own 100 Krispy Kreme Stores  Billionaire's Ex-Girlfriend Seeking $240 Million  The 20 Highest-Paid Musicians In The World              

	404! This page can't be found! | McCombs Business School




























































skip main site navigation
go to current site section navigation























                                The University of Texas at Austin
                            
                                McCombs School of Business
                            
                                404
                            





















404

















Search




























                            404



Home ·
404 














 



404




404! This page can't be found!



Sorry, an error has occurred. Possibly, you've broken the internet. However, it's more likely that the page you are looking for has either been moved, renamed, or deleted. 
Don't panic! 

Try searching for your page, or 
Try finding it on our sitemap

You could also send us a little message about the problem in the "Was this page helpful?" form below.











Programs

Texas MBA Master of Business Administration
Texas EMBA Executive MBA
Texas MPA Master in Professional Accounting
Texas MSBA Master of Science in Business Analytics
Texas MSF Master of Science in Finance
Texas MSITM Master of Science in IT Management
Texas MSM Master of Science in Marketing
Texas MSTC Master of Science in Technology Commercialization
Texas BBA Bachelor of Business Administration
Texas BHP Business Honors Program
Business Foundations For non-business majors
Executive Education
PhD



Departments

Accounting
Business, Government & Society
Finance
Information, Risk, & Operations Management
Management
Marketing

Research
Centers & Initiatives
Faculty
Texas Enterprise


Events at McCombs
Alumni
Corporate and Foundation Relations
Invest in McCombs

Career Services
Hire at McCombs

Communications & Media Relations
Media Services
Tech Support


Resource Links


Intranet


Canvas


McCombs Online Resources (MOR)


Webmail


Blogs & Social Media


McCombs Blogs

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Directory
Contact Us
By phone: (512) 471-5921

                        Address:
                           2110 Speedway, B6000
                           Austin, TX 78705
                          Map

Privacy Policy
Accessibility Policy






                ©2017
McCombs School of Business, 
                        The University of Texas at Austin | 
                        Contact Us












Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      









































































Kenneth Chenault Quotes - BrainyQuote



































 Authors:

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M


N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z



 | 
Follow Us: 















Please enable Javascript
This site requires Javascript be enabled to provide you the best experience. Some features may not be available with
Javascript disabled!

 















Related Authors 


Steve Jobs


Warren Buffett


Henry Ford


Bill Gates


Jim Rohn


Stephen Covey


Peter Drucker


Les Brown




Popular Topics 


Life Quotes


Motivational Quotes


Inspirational Quotes


Friendship Quotes


Love Quotes


Smile Quotes


Positive Quotes


Funny Quotes




More 



Find on Amazon:
Kenneth Chenault

Cite this page


About
About Us

Privacy

Terms





Kenneth Chenault Quotes

American
-
Businessman

Born: June 2, 1951










































   Loading...






Many people don't focus enough on execution. If you make a commitment to get something done, you need to follow through on that commitment.
Kenneth Chenault


Focus,
Commitment,
People



















If people support independently owned small businesses in their community, they can make a difference.
Kenneth Chenault


Community,
Support,
Small
























What's increasingly clear is that when you are open to a discussion of leadership, and you're relating it to your company, it is much easier to get people to become open.
Kenneth Chenault


Leadership,
People,
You



















Regular feedback is one of the hardest things to drive through an organization.
Kenneth Chenault


Organization,
Feedback



















I say this all the time: Everyone can make a conscious choice to be a leader.
Kenneth Chenault


Time,
Leader,
Choice



















Companies will need to pursue a more diversified business model, but I think those companies that have what I call a focused diversified business model will be more successful.
Kenneth Chenault


Business,
Successful,
Think



















I was attracted to law school because I believed it would help me prepare for a career in the real world.
Kenneth Chenault


World,
School,
Law



















You've got to develop relationships. You can't do things just in a formal context.
Kenneth Chenault


You,
Relationships,
Context



















There are clearly some policies that need to change, and the reputation of the credit card industry is not high. Reforms need to take place.
Kenneth Chenault


Change,
Credit,
Reputation
























My message to Washington is very simple. Face reality. Be leaders. Demonstrate accountability. Engage in principle compromise. And understand your job is to find solutions.
Kenneth Chenault


Job,
Simple,
Accountability



















At the end the day because I believe so strongly in leadership, what I look for first, what I try to assess, is integrity.
Kenneth Chenault


Leadership,
Integrity,
Day



















For me, integrity is the consistency of words and actions. Part of the way that you do that is to ask people questions on some of the most difficult issues that you confront. 'Take me through where you felt you had to compromise your values.'
Kenneth Chenault


Integrity,
Words,
Values



















There was a strong focus on performance and respect for people. And one of the points that my father always made was that with all the challenges and obstacles and barriers, the one thing you can control is your performance. And that is one thing I have tried to adhere to throughout my career.
Kenneth Chenault


Respect,
Father,
Focus



















I had very little exposure to business growing up. I also was very focused on the Civil Rights Movement. And I saw law as a vehicle to really bring about substantial change.
Kenneth Chenault


Change,
Business,
Law



















For a number of major companies, if you can't access the commercial markets, you can't fund your business. That's a big problem. You can't pay your bills.
Kenneth Chenault


Business,
Problem,
You
























For me, one of the lessons from 9/11 is that you have to give the organization context for how you're acting, and you've got to communicate constantly, in this case particularly with all the changes that were occurring in the financial marketplace and in the economy.
Kenneth Chenault


Changes,
Financial,
Acting



















Harvard Law provided an opportunity to learn from a faculty that had shaped the laws of our country and helped to change the world around us. It also offered an opportunity to study with the brightest students and to test myself against the best.
Kenneth Chenault


Change,
Myself,
Best



















My plans were to practice law and then possibly go into public service.
Kenneth Chenault


Service,
Law,
Practice



















I moved back to Boston and joined some of my Harvard classmates at Bain & Co. I quickly realized I enjoyed business.
Kenneth Chenault


Business,
Boston,
Back



















I've always tried to seek out environments with excitement.
Kenneth Chenault


Excitement,
Always,
Tried



















Small businesses create half of the jobs in the private sector.
Kenneth Chenault


Small,
Create,
Half



















I've always been a very competitive person.
Kenneth Chenault


Competitive,
Always,
Been
























I think what's important to understand is if the United States hits the debt ceiling and is unable to pay its debts, the consequences will be immediate and dramatic.
Kenneth Chenault


Consequences,
Debt,
Think



















My message to Washington is the United States has gone through incredible crises, and our leaders have been able to find common ground. And that's what our leaders have to do.
Kenneth Chenault


Find,
Washington,
Leaders
































Share this page: 






























Cite this Page:
Citation







Find on Amazon:
Kenneth Chenault
















Related Authors



Steve Jobs




Warren Buffett




Henry Ford




Bill Gates




Jim Rohn




Stephen Covey




Peter Drucker




Les Brown


































BrainyQuote Desktop
BrainyQuote Mobile













Site

Home
Authors
Topics
Quote Of The Day
Pictures
Top 100 Quotes
Professions
Birthdays




Social
BQ on Facebook
BQ on Twitter
BQ on Pinterest
BQ on Google+
BQ on Instagram


Shop
BrainyQuote Store




Apps
iPhone/iPad app

Quote Of The Day Feeds
Javascript and RSS feeds
WordPress plugin
Quote of the Day Email




About
About Us
Contact Us
Submit
Privacy
Terms









Copyright © 2001 - 2017 BrainyQuote














   Loading...


Load more quotes



