


































Realtor.com Hires New Chief Product Officer, Chung Meng Cheong




























































 




 








AgentTechnology 
Realtor.com hires new chief product officer, Chung Meng Cheong
He replaces Tapan Bhat, who joined the listing portal in 2015














by

Teke Wiggin


Staff Writer








Apr 6                                            














Don't miss Hacker Connect SFTake a deep real estate technology dive, Aug 7, 2017


Learn More







Move Inc., the owner of realtor.com, has hired Chung Meng Cheong as its new chief product officer to "accelerate product development" and improve realtor.com's user experience.

He will fill the shoes of Tapan Bhat, who joined Move in late 2015 but left for NerdWallet in November, said Move spokeswoman Janice McDill.

Cheong joins Move from investment guidance provider Financial Engines, where he served as executive vice president of product management and consumer marketing.

 Chung Meng Cheong

During Cheong's tenure there, he "transformed the company's product strategy and user experience, reaccelerating revenue growth and doubling product usage," according to Move.

"Chung is a seasoned leader with deep product expertise and a strong record of creating great consumer experiences that drive growth," said Move CEO Ryan O'Hara in a statement. "Most importantly, he shares our belief that technology can play an invaluable role in helping to simplify the homebuying ... 














 



Most Read






                                            Realtor finds backyard shed covered with agents' headshots                                        



by Marian McPherson | Jul 25








                                            Redfin hit with legal threat from ex-CEO on eve of IPO                                        



by Teke Wiggin | Jul 26








                                            Want 38K people to view your listing? Make it a music video                                        



by Amber Taufen | Jul 25








                                            How agents keep cars looking sharp                                        



by Amber Taufen | Jul 24








                                            How many cups of coffee would it take to purchase a home?                                        



by Cheryl Spangler | Jul 25











 











Show Comments
Hide Comments




Comments






Related Articles






                                            Realtor.com's 'Own Home' campaign targets dreamy buyers                                        

It's a competitive seller's market, and Elizabeth Banks is here to break the news


by Marian McPherson | Apr 4








                                            Realtor.com stitches 3-D home tours into iOS app                                         

Matterport integration coming to listing portal's desktop website and Android app later this spring


by Teke Wiggin | Mar 30








                                            Another $50M poured into Placester's tank                                         

Software provider is building 'unified operating system' for real estate


by Teke Wiggin | Mar 24











 
 



Back to top 










Welcome back. Log in to access Inman Select.












Email



Password

I forgot


Log in
Not a member?  Sign Up.




 

        Forgot your password?        
        No problem.    


Simply enter the email address you used to create your account and click "Reset Password". You will receive additional instructions via email.
Forgot your username? If so please contact customer support at (510) 658-9252


Email



Reset Password






Password Reset Confirmation
Password Reset Instructions have been sent to .



Close





Subscribe to Inman Weekly
Get the week's leading headlines delivered straight to your inbox.



Top headlines from around the real estate industry. Breaking news as it happens.
15 stories covering tech, special reports, video and opinion.
Unique features from hacker profiles to portal watch and video interviews.
Special reports on commissions, agent tech, brokerages and much more.


Your Email





Subscribe





It looks like you're already a Select Member!
To subscribe to exclusive newsletters, visit your email preferences in the account settings.
Account Settings

 



























Chung Meng Cheong Joins Realtor.com® as Chief Product OfficerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 7 hrs 52 minsS&P 5002,475.42-2.41 (-0.10%)Dow 3021,796.55+85.54 (+0.39%)Nasdaq6,382.19-40.56 (-0.63%)Chung Meng Cheong Joins Realtor.com® as Chief Product OfficerPR NewswireApril 6, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareSANTA CLARA, Calif., April 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Realtor.com® today announced that veteran product leader Chung Meng Cheong has been named chief product officer and will steer the company's product development to help make every stage of the home journey simple, efficient and enjoyable. Realtor.com® is a leading online real estate destination operated by News Corp [NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA]; [ASX: NWS, NWSLV] subsidiary Move, Inc., and features the most comprehensive inventory of for-sale listings among competing national websites.Cheong will accelerate product development and deliver an unparalleled experience to the millions of consumers who rely on realtor.com® for the information, tools and professional guidance to find the home of their dreams. He will report to Chief Executive Officer Ryan O'Hara."Chung is a seasoned leader with deep product expertise and a strong record of creating great consumer experiences that drive growth," O'Hara said. "Most importantly, he shares our belief that technology can play an invaluable role in helping to simplify the home-buying journey."Cheong brings a strong background in product strategy, consumer experience, marketing and advertising across multiple industries. He joins from Financial Engines, where he served as executive vice president of product management and consumer marketing of the Sunnyvale-based provider of online investment guidance and asset management since 2014. During his tenure, Cheong transformed the company's product strategy and user experience, reaccelerating revenue growth and doubling product usage."I'm excited to be joining such a dynamic company in a role that allows me to leverage my experience in online marketplaces, advertising and technology and to build on the innovative work taking place," Cheong said. "I look forward to getting started."Cheong began his career at The Boston Consulting Group, and joined eBay as group product manager in 2004. Prior to joining Financial Engines, he served as chief product officer at 33 Across Inc., a big data ad tech startup and also worked at YP Holdings, formerly AT&T Interactive, where as a member of the executive team he was responsible for product, business management, UX and creative design.Cheong holds a bachelor's degree from University of Auckland and an MBA from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sloan School of Management.Cheong's arrival comes on the heels of unprecedented growth and momentum at realtor.com®, with brand awareness, user growth and engagement at all-time highs.About realtor.com®Realtor.com® is the trusted resource for home buyers, sellers and dreamers, offering the most comprehensive source of for-sale properties, among competing national sites, and the information, tools and professional expertise to help people move confidently through every step of their home journey. It pioneered the world of digital real estate 20 years ago, and today helps make all things home simple, efficient and enjoyable. Realtor.com® is operated by News Corp [NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA] [ASX: NWS, NWSLV] subsidiary Move, Inc. under a perpetual license from the National Association of REALTORS®. For more information, visit realtor.com®.Media Contact:Realtor.com®Janice McDill – janice.mcdill@move.comRead More To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/chung-meng-cheong-joins-realtorcom-as-chief-product-officer-300435653.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceMarine dog with cancer gets tear-filled farewellAssociated PressTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo FinanceVP Pence once wrote an op-ed calling ’90s Disney movie 'Mulan' liberal propaganda about women in the militaryBusiness InsiderRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceShop July Specials at Macy's - Extra 25-60% OffMacys.comSponsoredAmazon ploughs ahead with high sales and spending; profit plungesReutersAmazon could be the first trillion dollar company: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoRolls-Royce Motor CEO: We’re not in the auto business. We’re in the luxury business.Yahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredJeff Bezos is now the world's richest person — and he could redefine philanthropyBusiness InsiderMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness Insider‘If Trump Asked, We’d Nuke China Next Week,’ Says U.S. Navy Fleet CommanderLewis: This Admiral forgot a vitally important point. American military personnel are only required to obey legal orders. Also, he is wrong about loyalty to the president. As a retired Navy Commander, I have then the oath he mentions many times. Nowhere in that oath does it require loyalty to the President or any other individual. It only requires military personnel obey the orders of those appointed over them. There is a huge difference between obeying a legal order and loyalty. Apparently this Admiral missed that distinction during his training.Join the Conversation1 / 51.1k













Chung Meng Cheong, Move Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  































Feedback





Chung Meng Cheong

Chief Product Officer,
Move Inc






Career History




Chief Product Officer
Move Inc, 4/2017-PRESENT


Exec VP:Product & Consumer Marketing
Financial Engines Advisors LLC, 9/2014-4/2017


Exec VP:Product & Consumer Marketing
Financial Engines Inc, 9/2014-4/2017


Exec VP:Cust Experience
Financial Engines Advisors LLC, 4/2014-9/2014


Chief Product Officer
33across Inc, 6/2012-4/2014


VP:Advertising
YP Holdings LLC, 5/2012-4/2014


VP:Advertising
AT&T Interactive, FORMER



Jaxtr Inc, FORMER



Ebay Inc, FORMER



Elance Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.move.com






Corporate Information
Address:

10 Almaden Blvd
Suite 800
San Jose, CA 95113
United States


Phone:
1-866-651-8866


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.move.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Massachusetts Institute of Technology
MBA


University of Auckland
Bachelor's Degree, Economics


University of Auckland
Bachelor's Degree, Statistics


Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































Today's Stock Market News and Analysis - Nasdaq.com



































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home >
	Stock Market News




Today's Stock Market News & Analysis







    Here's Why Women Make Great Investors
    

By Motley Fool


    Research shows that women tend to possess these qualities.
    






			Facebook's 2017 Profitability Will Be Even Better Than Expected
			

By Motley Fool


        Investors were particularly encouraged by the company's outlook for expenses this year.
		




        3 of the Best Classic Value Stocks You Should Buy Now
		

By Zacks.com


        And how to screen for these stocks.
		




        Will NVIDIA's Strategy Prevail in Self-Driving Cars?
		

By Motley Fool


        NVDIA can let investors in the game without rolling the dice.
		







Latest News Videos







BNP Paribas' CFO on Bank's Performa... HNA Faces Questions on $1B CWT Deal Rabobank Sees BOJ, PBOC Throwing Li... Baidu Search Ads Recover From Restr... 




Latest News



BNP Paribas Q2 Profit Down On Weak Revenues - Quick Facts


7/28/2017 1:20:00 AM - RTT News

Appears In: Politics




UK Stocks-Factors to watch on July 28


7/28/2017 1:15:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




Spain's Santander posts 37 pct rise in Q2 profit on Brazil boost


7/28/2017 1:11:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Fundamental Analysis




Asset manager Amundi reports Q2 net outflows


7/28/2017 1:10:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




Safran core H1 operating income falls 0.9 pct


7/28/2017 1:05:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




BNP Paribas posts smaller-than-expected fall in Q2 profit


7/28/2017 1:03:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




ANALYSIS-Value of U.S. deals in China sinks on rising trade tensions


7/28/2017 1:00:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




Consumers, businesses likely spurred U.S. economic pickup in Q2


7/28/2017 1:00:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




AGRX At FDA Altar Again, AZN Falls As MYSTIC Fails, VBIV Delivers A Good Shot


7/28/2017 12:57:00 AM - RTT News

Appears In: Stocks




Xiaomi gains new $1 bln loan to drive retail push, expansion overseas


7/28/2017 12:55:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




Credit Suisse says Q2 net profit up 78 pct at 303 mln Sfr


7/28/2017 12:52:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: World Markets




REFILE-UBS Q2 profit beats forecasts, keeps cautious outlook


7/28/2017 12:50:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




China's Baidu profit jumps as focus on mobile, AI narrows


7/28/2017 12:50:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




Wells Fargo to refund $80 mln to customers hit by car loan insurance


7/28/2017 12:46:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




Soccer-Big spending makes manager's role more difficult - Allardyce


7/28/2017 12:46:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




China's yuan eases on dollar bounce, set for weekly loss


7/28/2017 12:35:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




China's CNPC resumes part of gas production at Changqing field


7/28/2017 12:33:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




RPT-Ryan assures Republican senators House will not pass "skinny" Obamacare repeal


7/28/2017 12:31:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: World Markets




Former Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher to "roll with it", says would love a reunion


7/28/2017 12:30:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




UBS Q2 Profit Rises - Quick Facts


7/28/2017 12:28:00 AM - RTT News

Appears In: Fundamental Analysis





View More Headlines







Browse News by Category



ETFs


Europe ETFs Are Turning a Lot of Heads


First U.S.-Listed Bond ETFs Celebrate 15-Year Milestone


ETF Strategies to Help Position for the Rest of the Year




More ETFs



Technology


Apple Discontinues iPod Shuffle and Nano


Google Hires Former webOS, Pebble Design Lead to Work on Google Home...


Earnings Confirm Facebook Is Better Investment Than Twitter




More Technology




Commodities


Technology Sector Update for 07/27/2017: FB,SHOR


Consumer Sector Update for 07/27/2017: PG,NAKD,SAVE


Technology Sector Update for 07/27/2017: NTGR, SHOR, PCMI, MITL




More Commodities



Investing ideas


Valero (VLO) Tops Q2 Earnings and Revenue Estimates


Notable Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross - TBPH


U.S. Steel's Q2 2017 Earnings Review: Favorable Business Conditions...




More Investing ideas













Market Intelligence



Stay ahead of the markets with these must-read articles



3D Printing is Quietly Thriving Without Mainstream Adoption

Trevir Nath


Nasdaq (NDAQ) 2nd Quarter Profit Surges More Than Twofold

Richard Saintvilus


An In-Depth Look At Baidu's (BIDU) Artificial Intelligence Aspirations

Prableen Bajpai

















Stock Market Today






Stocks to Watch




                  Why Bristol-Myers is Tanking
            






Featured Story from



















Latest Articles by Martin Tillier




                        Martin Tiller's new must-read column on the markets
Enlightening. Entertaining. Every day. Only at NASDAQ.com.



Earnings Confirm Facebook Is Better Investment Than Twitter


                                    07/27/2017 11:06 AM
                                


Eli Lilly (LLY)'s Seemingly Illogical Reaction To Earnings Beat


                                    07/25/2017 10:28 AM
                                


Week Ahead: Earnings Highlights


                                    07/24/2017 10:15 AM
                                


Don't Count OPEC Out Yet


                                    07/21/2017 9:26 AM
                                


Is FCEL Setting Up For A Short Squeeze?


                                    07/20/2017 11:00 AM
                                




More Martin Tillier




























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































Chung Meng













Home
About Us
Products
Contact Us









Bearing Products
Pillow Block, Sprockets, Roller Chain
Beltings, Pulley Products, Speed Reducers, Motors
Handwheels, Nuts & Knobs, Coupling
Castors & Wheels, Others

 








 











   
As your one-stop industrial supplies partner, Chung Meng Industrial Supply Sdn Bhd strives to offer you a full range of services from products to consultation services. Stretching beyond Kuala Lumpur, we have recently extended our services down south with our new branch in Johor Bahru.
   
      





























 


 






 


 











Copyright © 2010 Chung Meng. All Rights Reserved.
  

















