










 




Chicago Ventures Founders Fund, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Chicago Ventures Founders Fund, L.P.
List of persons related to the company Chicago Ventures Founders Fund, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Chicago Ventures Founders Fund, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001688432IRS Number: 475081944Company address: C/O CHICAGO VENTURES GP II, LLC, 222 MERCHANDISE MART PLAZA, SUITE 1212 CHICAGO 60654Phone number: 312-282-8211



People related to Chicago Ventures Founders Fund, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryWILLER  KEVINC/O CHICAGO VENTURES GP II, LLC, 222 MERCHANDISE MART PLAZA, SUITE 1212CHICAGOILLARKINS  STUARTC/O CHICAGO VENTURES GP II, LLC, 222 MERCHANDISE MART PLAZA, SUITE 1212CHICAGOIL




Chicago Ventures Founders Fund, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesCHICAGO APARTMENT FUND LLC, Chicago Area Research Institute LLC, Chicago Bar Co LLC, Chicago Bridge & Iron Co (Delaware), CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V, Chicago BT REIT, Inc., CHICAGO CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P., Chicago Capital Management, LLC, Chicago Capital Offshore Fund, Ltd., Chicago Capital Onshore Fund, LLC, Chicago Climbing Gym Co LLC, CHICAGO DIVERSIFIED FUND L P, Chicago Equity Advisors Fund I, LP, Chicago ExpressRail LLC, CHICAGO GROWTH PARTNERS III, LP












 









Chicago Startup Guide | Built In Chicago

































NEWS
EVENTSBuilt In Brews

STARTUPS
JOBS Post a Job
View all jobs

Post a Job sign up
 log in
 


 SEARCH





Search



































startup guide



 





Get FundingGet Advice/MentorshipMeet PeopleCoworking SpacesCompeteLearn 

early stage capital





Arch Venture Partners


ARCH invests primarily in companies co-founded with leading scientists and entrepreneurs, concentrating on bringing to market innovations in life sciences, physical sciences, and information technology. We enjoy special recognition as a leader in the successful commercialization of technologies developed at academic research institutions and national laboratories.








Baird Venture Partners


Baird Venture Partners, the U.S.-based venture capital fund of Baird Private Equity, makes investments in early- and expansion-stage companies in the Business Services and Healthcare/Life Sciences sectors. We provide capital for new services, products, geographic expansion and acquisitions.








Capital Management Co.


Capital Strategy serves a wide range of early stage high and medium technology industries as well as service firms, with capital for start-up, expansion, or repositioning, as well as strategic and financial advisory expertise. Our portfolio companies and clients are throughout the United States, with a concentration in the upper Midwest. The firm typically forms an advisory team to work with each portfolio company / client in conjunction with providing required capital infusions. The firm's equity focus is long-term in nature, rather than seeking early exits. The firm also maintains an active presence in the venture capital and investment community.








Ceres Venture Fund


Ceres Venture Fund, L.P. is an established Chicago-based venture capital fund dedicated to funding high growth companies located in the Midwest in their early stages of growth. As growth-oriented investors, the fund seeks to partner with entrepreneurs of proven ability and provide them with the resources needed to achieve extraordinary success.








Duchossois Technology Partners


Duchossois Technology Partners (DTEC) is a venture capital firm investing in early, mid, and growth stages of high potential technology companies. Founded in 1998, DTEC has invested in over two dozen entrepreneurial management teams, focusing on information technology, communications, semiconductors, and software.








FireStarter Fund


The FireStarter Fund is a seed stage investment fund created and run by Chicago founders who have established track records of starting and scaling digital technology based businesses. Most of the fund members are currently running their companies. Our members will have strong opinions because they have spent their career building businesses in the digital technology arena. Be prepared to defend your assumption and plan because when you talk to one of our members, you are not talking to a professional investor, you are talking to someone who is currently running a business and understand the nuances of their space as well as anybody. You should not submit your application directly to the fund. Instead you should submit your funding request to a maximum of three of the members who you believe will best understand your business. They will evaluate the business and decide if a meeting or conversation is warranted. If they then are prepared to endorse your plan and recommend it to the general membership, they will submit and and the membership will vote within 14 days.








Heartland Angels


Our mission is to be a catalyst in the process of innovation. We do this by creating forums in which human, intellectual and financial capital are joined for a common purpose.
	Heartland Angels' unique process has four components:
	A Program to perform a stepped due diligence analysis to review investment opportunities.
	A Strategy to use the multifaceted experience of professionals, academics and scientists in investigating and assessing early staged investment opportunities.
	A Method to syndicate an opt-in funding approach so as to coordinate the interests of multiple private equity ("angel") investors.
	A Protocol to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of negotiations. This maximizes communications and minimizes unnecessary risk and cost to the investor and to portfolio companies.
	Heartland Angels operates to facilitate the investor-company matching process. Each party in the agreement has potentially something to gain and/or to lose.








Hyde Park Angels


Hyde Park Angels is an organization that provides a forum for entrepreneurial-minded members to invest in seed and early stage businesses, primarily located in the Midwest. HPA is a group of current and former executives, entrepreneurs, and venture capitalists who are interested in investing their time and money into outstanding startups. HPA also provides domain expertise, strategic advice and coaching to its companies. The Chicago-based Hyde Park Angel Network was founded in 2006 by a group of classmates from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business Executive MBA Program.








Chicago Ventures


Chicago Ventures invests in well-managed seed-stage technology companies in Chicago and the Greater Midwest that have demonstrated a value proposition in a given market for their product or services. The fund looks to make initial investments ranging from $250,000 to $1 million in each company.







IllinoisVentures


IllinoisVENTURES is a premier seed and early-stage technology investment firm focused on research-derived companies in information technologies, physical sciences, life sciences and clean technology. We start and build globally-competitive businesses based on work conducted at Midwest Universities and federal laboratories. We bring together leading researchers and entrepreneurs to mold concepts, vision, intellectual property, sweat and passion into breakthrough, high-growth companies. Conceived and launched by the University of Illinois, we have been consistently named by Entrepreneur magazine to its national list of the top 100 venture capital firms.








JK&B


JK&B Capital is a venture capital firm focused in the software, IT and communications markets with over $1.1 billion of capital under management.








Lightbank


Lightbank We’re not a venture fund. We’re not a seed fund. We invest money, but we do it our way

	You’ve got the idea, the motivation, and the vision. We’ve got the cash, the resources, and the experience to take what’s in your head and help you build a thriving enterprise.








MK Capital


 
MK Capital is an established venture capital firm with offices in Chicago and Los Angeles. We offer multi-stage growth equity and venture capital to companies in the following sectors:


		Digital Media

		Data Center Automation

		Software

		Education Technology

As a member of the MK Capital portfolio, companies get access to an experienced partner with deep operating experience. We leverage insights from a strong understanding of our sectors to help our portfolios companies grow. We collaborate on strategy, operations, and technology as active members on the boards of our portfolio companies.








New World Ventures


Founded in 1996, New World Ventures is Chicago’s largest and most innovative technology venture investor. We bring to bear a combined 100 years of venture capital and entrepreneurial experience, a broad Network of strategic relationships, thought leadership and idea generation, and multi-stage investment capital that help entrepreneurs and management teams build market-leading, world class information technology companies.
New World Ventures is unique for its tremendous flexibility with size, structure and duration of an investment, allowing us to stand on the same side of the table with entrepreneurs who simply want to build great businesses. Along with more than 50 venture investments made, and the backing of The Pritzker Group run by J.B. Pritzker and Tony Pritzker, our partners bring a strong reputation of integrity and a focus on excellence. 








OCA Ventures


OCA Ventures is a venture capital firm focused on equity investments in companies with dramatic growth potential, primarily in technology, highly-scalable services businesses, mobile commerce and web 3.0. OCA invests in many industries, with a preference for financial services and for-profit education. Over the last decade, OCA has invested three funds in over 45 companies. OCA is based in Chicago and has investments throughout the United States.








ScaleWell


 




				$1000 and coworking space for your company

				Traction is the secret sauce of success in early stage startups and can be achieved with ever-decreasing amounts of capital. Simply stated, traction is proving that customers are willing to pay for your product. Traction can enable a business to sustain itself through bootstrapping, prove market interest, and attract investment.

				ScaleWell is a catalyst for startup traction - By providing one team or an individual entrepreneur with a $1000 grant and coworking space on a quarterly basis we want entrepreneurs to explore important questions like: How many customers can be acquired for $1000 or how far will a small sum move a company toward profitability? The best way to develop answers to these questions is to DO IT. Build the product, get customers, and collect metrics along the way.

				The small amount of capital ScaleWell injects into a startup takes the company to its next milestone or iteration on its business plan. We call it Iterative Capital, just enough money, motivation, and support to successfully iterate in a startup.











Wildcat Angels


Wildcat Angels brings together active individual investors and high growth early stage businesses. Members are executives and entrepreneurs who are interested in investing both funds and their expertise in assisting startup companies. Wildcat Angels is based in Evanston, Illinois, where it hosts quarterly dinner meetings for members. At these meetings, pre-screened entrepreneurs and business owners, primarily sourced from the university and Chicago-area business communities, present summaries of investment opportunities to members.








Energy Foundry


 Energy Foundry is an impact venture capital fund created to support game-changing energy and grid ideas. Our model is based on the belief that building successful energy technology companies requires a unique approach. This is why we couple our investment with integrated support tailored to the needs of energy businesses. From proving grounds to an advisor network, advice on government funding to foundational partnerships for operational support, we support entrepreneurs to make what they do even better. By coupling the resources, advice and expertise that an early stage energy-tech company needs to get through its critical path, we add value that goes beyond investment dollars.


growth stage capital





Apex Venture Partners


Apex Venture Partners, established in 1987, is one of the oldest venture capital firms in Mid-America. The firm has invested in over 150 companies throughout the United States.

	Apex's guiding investment philosophy is to provide exceptional returns for our investors by partnering with entrepreneurs and executives to build significant value in their companies.








Baird Venture Partners


Baird Venture Partners, the U.S.-based venture capital fund of Baird Private Equity, makes investments in early- and expansion-stage companies in the Business Services and Healthcare/Life Sciences sectors. We provide capital for new services, products, geographic expansion and acquisitions.








Capital Management Co.


Capital Strategy serves a wide range of early stage high and medium technology industries as well as service firms, with capital for start-up, expansion, or repositioning, as well as strategic and financial advisory expertise. Our portfolio companies and clients are throughout the United States, with a concentration in the upper Midwest. The firm typically forms an advisory team to work with each portfolio company / client in conjunction with providing required capital infusions. The firm's equity focus is long-term in nature, rather than seeking early exits. The firm also maintains an active presence in the venture capital and investment community.








Ceres Venture Fund


Ceres Venture Fund, L.P. is an established Chicago-based venture capital fund dedicated to funding high growth companies located in the Midwest in their early stages of growth. As growth-oriented investors, the fund seeks to partner with entrepreneurs of proven ability and provide them with the resources needed to achieve extraordinary success.








CHS Capital LLC


 




				CHS Capital™ is a Chicago-based private equity firm with 24 years of experience investing in the middle market. Targeting well-managed companies with enterprise values between $75 million - $500 million, CHS Capital™ partners with management teams to add value through human capital initiatives, performance improvement actions and strategic growth activities. Over 24 years, our approach has been refined to ensure focus on core elements that create value: focused investment origination, targeted due diligence and active investment management. CHS Capital™ has completed investments in over 350 businesses and has raised a total of $2.9 billion of capital across five private equity funds.











First Analysis


 




				Research is the foundation of everything we do. Our firm-wide team of about 40 investment professionals averages more than 15 years of investment and relevant industry experience. Each of our 15 research-focused investment professionals develops and maintains deep domain expertise in specific sectors, each of which belongs to one of our core areas of focus:
				Health care productivity
				Broadband enabled businesses
				Clean-tech / infrastructure
				First Analysis, founded in 1981, has a long-term commitment to its clients and industry sectors.











Hopewell Ventures


Hopewell Ventures partners with strong management teams of high-growth businesses in the Midwest, bringing equity capital, expertise and over a century of experience. Providing between $2 million and $7 million in initial funding, Hopewell invests in a broad range of industries. From technology to health care, manufacturing to medical devices, Hopewell has the experience, capital and contacts to help businesses thrive.








JK&B


JK&B Capital is a venture capital firm focused in the software, IT and communications markets with over $1.1 billion of capital under management.








MK Capital


 
MK Capital is an established venture capital firm with offices in Chicago and Los Angeles. We offer multi-stage growth equity and venture capital to companies in the following sectors:


		Digital Media

		Data Center Automation

		Software

		Education Technology

As a member of the MK Capital portfolio, companies get access to an experienced partner with deep operating experience. We leverage insights from a strong understanding of our sectors to help our portfolios companies grow. We collaborate on strategy, operations, and technology as active members on the boards of our portfolio companies.








New World Ventures


Founded in 1996, New World Ventures is Chicago’s largest and most innovative technology venture investor. We bring to bear a combined 100 years of venture capital and entrepreneurial experience, a broad Network of strategic relationships, thought leadership and idea generation, and multi-stage investment capital that help entrepreneurs and management teams build market-leading, world class information technology companies.
New World Ventures is unique for its tremendous flexibility with size, structure and duration of an investment, allowing us to stand on the same side of the table with entrepreneurs who simply want to build great businesses. Along with more than 50 venture investments made, and the backing of The Pritzker Group run by J.B. Pritzker and Tony Pritzker, our partners bring a strong reputation of integrity and a focus on excellence. 








OCA Ventures


OCA Ventures is a venture capital firm focused on equity investments in companies with dramatic growth potential, primarily in technology, highly-scalable services businesses, mobile commerce and web 3.0. OCA invests in many industries, with a preference for financial services and for-profit education. Over the last decade, OCA has invested three funds in over 45 companies. OCA is based in Chicago and has investments throughout the United States.



late stage capital





Adams Street Partners


Adams Street Partners is a global private equity investment management firm that offers comprehensive solutions for its investors.
As one of the leading independent, employee-owned firms, Adams Street has established a reputation for strong performance, an extensive knowledge base and a disciplined investment approach that values quality over quantity.
For nearly 40 years, Adams Street has gained the experience to successfully manage through some of the most challenging investment cycles. The collective knowledge of the Adams Street team works collaboratively to leverage the global resources of the Firm in navigating the complexities of the private equity markets.
Our mission is to be the premier private equity investment manager in the world by sustaining world-class investment performance and the confidence of our investors through our deep understanding of the global private equity marketplace and exemplary client service.








CHS Capital LLC


 




				CHS Capital™ is a Chicago-based private equity firm with 24 years of experience investing in the middle market. Targeting well-managed companies with enterprise values between $75 million - $500 million, CHS Capital™ partners with management teams to add value through human capital initiatives, performance improvement actions and strategic growth activities. Over 24 years, our approach has been refined to ensure focus on core elements that create value: focused investment origination, targeted due diligence and active investment management. CHS Capital™ has completed investments in over 350 businesses and has raised a total of $2.9 billion of capital across five private equity funds.











MK Capital


 
MK Capital is an established venture capital firm with offices in Chicago and Los Angeles. We offer multi-stage growth equity and venture capital to companies in the following sectors:


		Digital Media

		Data Center Automation

		Software

		Education Technology

As a member of the MK Capital portfolio, companies get access to an experienced partner with deep operating experience. We leverage insights from a strong understanding of our sectors to help our portfolios companies grow. We collaborate on strategy, operations, and technology as active members on the boards of our portfolio companies.








New World Ventures


Founded in 1996, New World Ventures is Chicago’s largest and most innovative technology venture investor. We bring to bear a combined 100 years of venture capital and entrepreneurial experience, a broad Network of strategic relationships, thought leadership and idea generation, and multi-stage investment capital that help entrepreneurs and management teams build market-leading, world class information technology companies.
New World Ventures is unique for its tremendous flexibility with size, structure and duration of an investment, allowing us to stand on the same side of the table with entrepreneurs who simply want to build great businesses. Along with more than 50 venture investments made, and the backing of The Pritzker Group run by J.B. Pritzker and Tony Pritzker, our partners bring a strong reputation of integrity and a focus on excellence. 





 

incubators





Excelerate Labs


Excelerate Labs is an intensive summer accelerator for startups driven by proven entrepreneurs and investors. Led by world class entrepreneurs Sam Yagan (OKCupid, Sparknotes) and Troy Henikoff (SurePayroll), the program is unique in attracting scores of mentors from around the country to work with the teams in direct 1-on-1 meetings.
	The program selects ten companies every spring to participate in the 13-week intensive summer program. Starting on June 1st, the ten companies build connections and their business during the program. The program culminates in an Investor Demo Day on August 31st, where the companies showcase their progress and plans to more than 200 angel and venture investors from around the country.








Sandbox Industries


We create, invest in and explore new businesses. We search for ideas with the potential to change markets, leveraging our expertise, resources, and experience to grow successful companies through collaboration and knowledge sharing. Sandbox represents a new model of business development -- one that helps rather than harasses entrepreneurs -- and is redefining the way great ideas are generated and transformed into successful companies. 








Healthbox


Healthbox has assembled a world-class mentor network that provides healthcare startups with invaluable advice and connections. You'll be able to generate ideas, test assumptions and focus your business in a dynamic workspace alongside other promising startups--with some seed capital to boot.



peer advice





Bootstrappers Breakfast


Join Other Entrepreneurs Who Eat Problems For Breakfast.

	* Compare Notes
	* Exchange Ideas
	* Learn from Others’ Mistakes
	* Brainstorm with Peers
	* Find Partners
	* Small Group Atmosphere
	* Serious Conversation

	Bootstrappers Breakfasts® are for founders of early stage technology startups. It is a chance to compare notes on operational, development, and business issues with peers. These breakfasts were designed for entrepreneurs to share ideas and leverage thoughts with other folks who are serious about growing their business.



non-profit/civic organizations





Chicagoland Entrepreneurial Center


The Chicagoland Entrepreneurial Center (CEC) works at the intersection of business success and civic engagement. It identifies the region's most promising entrepreneurs and helps them build high-growth, sustainable businesses that serve as platforms for economic development and civic leadership for the Chicagoland area. Since 2003, the CEC has helped our client entrepreneurs secure $268.5 million in revenue, raise $160 million in financing, and create or retain 6,350 jobs. In turn, CEC clients fuel the entrepreneurial ecosystem of our city by mentoring young talent, advising their peers, and joining the CEC "movement" to inspire entrepreneurship in Chicagoland.








Clean Energy Trust


THE CLEAN ENERGY TRUST was created to accelerate the development of Midwest clean energy businesses by connecting entrepreneurs, researchers and early stage companies with the expertise and capital needed to become sustainable.








ibio


iBIO’s mission is to make Illinois and the surrounding Midwest one of the world’s top life sciences centers: a great place to do business, and a great place to grow new technology ventures. iBIO advocates for sound public policy, delivers education and training programs, and improves our ability to create, attract, and retain businesses.








Illinois Science and Technology Coalition


The Illinois Science & Technology Coalition will cultivate innovation and technology-based economic development in Illinois.

	MISSION

	As the only organization representing the full range of science and technology activity in Illinois, our mission is to cultivate innovation and technology-based economic development in Illinois by:

	Fostering public-private partnerships to develop and execute R&D projects.
	Advocating for funding for R&D initiatives; and
	Collaborating with public and private partners to attract and retain R&D resources and talent in Illinois.








Illinois Technology Association


The Illinois Technology Association (ITA) is a driving force behind the growth of Illinois' vibrant technology industry.

	ITA’s agenda is simple – grow technology companies by fostering deep collaboration among the diverse industry all in support of developing the ecosystem necessary to foster the success of member companies.All the while tirelessly advocating for the industry to raise the awareness of Illinois as a leading technology community.

	Members of ITA benefit from unlimited access to strategic development programs, services, resources and events that support all members of their team.  ITA leverages peer-to-peer collaboration and one-on-one mentoring with leaders from the technology industry to drive companies forward. In addition, ITA’s education, events, Networking, access to facilities at TechNexus and much more are all focused on growing members businesses.

	With over 700 member companies, ITA represents organizations from start-up to leader across the industry – software, mobile, internet, consulting, online services, electronics, telecommunications, green and across all industries – business, consumer, financial services, travel, manufacturing, healthcare, and so on – that represent Illinois’ diversity of companies “that








Illinois Venture Capital Association


The Illinois Venture Capital Association advocates for a strong venture capital and private equity industry in Illinois by:


		promoting pro-growth public policy initiatives,

		providing educational programming in private equity,

		facilitating member networking, and

		endorsing communication and shared programs with organizations of mutual interest.

In addition, IVCA works with entrepreneurial organizations in the Midwest to encourage a strong cycle of innovation and business creation leading to superior investment opportunities.








MIT Enterprise Forum of Chicago


MITEF Chicago meets monthly from September to June. The capstone event in June is the Whiteboard Challenge in June. This is a competition for the best new idea.








TechAmerica


AeA, ITAA, GEIA and CSIA have merged to form TechAmerica, the largest and strongest voice and resource for technology in the United States. Together, we are the industry’s leading trade association, giving the tech sector a strong voice and offering companies a broad array of exceptional programs and services.








TiE Midwest


Formed in 1998, and located in Chicago, TiE-Midwest is a not-for-profit gathering of industry leaders joined together by the mission of supporting global entrepreneurship by working locally. Our goals are to identify and nurture up-and-coming entrepreneurs; to facilitate networking among members; and, to connect local entrepreneurs internationally.
Worldwide, the TiE organization has more than 12,000 members, 2,058 charter members and 200 sponsors in 56 chapters across 13 countries. These members are top entrepreneurs, venture capitalists, lawyers and management professionals who represent a diverse array of industries — software, services, telecommunications, life sciences, finance, and more — reflecting the breadth and depth of our network.





 

groups





Bootstrappers Breakfast


Join Other Entrepreneurs Who Eat Problems For Breakfast.

	* Compare Notes
	* Exchange Ideas
	* Learn from Others’ Mistakes
	* Brainstorm with Peers
	* Find Partners
	* Small Group Atmosphere
	* Serious Conversation

	Bootstrappers Breakfasts® are for founders of early stage technology startups. It is a chance to compare notes on operational, development, and business issues with peers. These breakfasts were designed for entrepreneurs to share ideas and leverage thoughts with other folks who are serious about growing their business.








BNC Venture Capital Group


Business Network Chicago (BNC) is a Network for professionals offering extensive offline and online Networking opportunities to the Chicago business community. Our mission is to bring professionals together, facilitate the development of mutually beneficial "win-win" relationships, educate, and promote the growth of business in Chicago. We support members in all phases of their career whether looking for clients, talent, a job, capital, or strategic alliances.








Chicago Interactive Design and Development


This group is for Chicago-area Web and Mobile Designers, Developers, Information Architects, Usability Experts, UX Designers, Web Producers, Programmers, Flash Animators, etc. - anyone involved in the designing, developing, programming and implementation of web sites and mobile applications.

	Sorry, but since this group is about meeting face to face every month, only people residing in the Chicago area will be admitted.

	At our meetings we'll Network with others in the industry; compare the latest tools and trends, theories, languages and templates; trade advice on careers; share knowledge, tips and tricks. We usually have interactive industry leaders as guest speakers/presenters.

	Our free get-togethers are held in downtown Chicago, but double check the date/location as sometimes our meetup schedule does change!








Chicago Lean Startup Circle


The Chicago Lean Startup Circle is a group of smart and driven high-tech entrepreneurs that have learned how to discover customers and build products they want.

	Lean Startups achieve success faster than most because they get out of the building to talk to customers, validate business model assumptions as quickly and cheaply as possible, use agile  development to decrease time to market and leverage continuous deployment to learn as fast as possible.

	Our mission attracts the brightest entrepreneurs in the Midwest and beyond.  Our guest speakers like Mike Evans, Brant Cooper, Patrick Vlaskovits and Troy Henikoff share their stories and techniques so we can all learn from each other.

	This fall, we've organized a new kind of startup competition:  The Chicago Lean Startup Challenge.  

	We have 146 teams working away over 10 weeks to validate their business model hypotheses and get to a business model that works and scales, and have $75,000 in cash and prizes committed so far, with more on the way.  On December 15th, 4 finalists will present to our judges and the Chicago community, and we'll pick a winner.








Chicago Ruby


ChicagoRuby is a group of Ruby on Rails enthusiasts with events in downtown Chicago and in the suburbs.
	 
	Building a software team? Check out the ChicagoRuby Job Board. ChicagoRuby attracts some of the sharpest minds in software development. http://jobs.chicagoruby.org

	Many of our videos appear at http://vimeo.com/chicagoruby. Learn more at http://chicagoruby.org and on Twitter: @ChicagoRuby.

	When smart people challenge each other to grow, great things happen!








Chicago Women Developers


Welcome to the Chicago Woman Developers Meet-up

	While open and welcoming, today's budding developer community is up to 91% male. There isn't a comfortable place where women can learn at their own pace and not be afraid to ask "stupid questions." We decided it was time to provide a place where all questions are OK and everyone can learn in a supportive environment.








PDMA chicago


We are the premier organization focused on managing organizational and innovation processes for consistently producing commercially successful new products and services.  We hope you will join us in building a meaningful community of project managers, service/product developers and innovation managers in the greater Chicago metropolitan area.  We offer opportunities to build skills and share knowledge and foster personal contacts.








The Chicago Entrepreneur Meetup Group


Our Group here on Meet Up is a GREAT way for you to Expose your Business and Personal Philosophies. Join us as we continue to "Connect" with one another and with other entrepreneurs throughout the world.








IxDA Chicago


The Chicago area chapter of the global Interaction Design Association (IxDA) exists to bring together local area designers in all disciplines that overlap with interaction design, whether it be product, digital, space, research, or even business, that strive to create user-centered design solutions. 








Chicago Graphic Design


 
They are designers who meet on a regular basis to discuss issues/topics related to the graphic design field. Any designer from any background is welcome to join.
Networking, problem solving and socializing are reasons to join. If you freelance and need to get out of the house, that's a good reason to join as well.








CoFoundersLab


 Looking for a co-founder?  CoFoundersLab, a company dedicated to helping entrepreneurs find co-founders can help.  Whether you’re looking to join a startup, seeking someone else to join your venture, or open to either, CoFoundersLab is for you.  CoFoundersLab does the matchmaking process via two FREE services: an online matching platform at CoFoundersLab.com and in-person Meetups.  TWO simple steps to get started connecting with thousands of potential co-founders:Go to CoFoundersLab.com and create a free online profile.Join the Co-Founders Wanted of Chicago Meetup group and attend an event. Meetups are held quarterly at a minimum.  Good luck!


events





Entrepreneurs Unpluggd


Entrepreneurs Unpluggd is a unique event series created by Stella Fayman and Tim Jahn.  The events seek to create an intimate, engaging environment for entrepreneurs to learn actual lessons from actual experiences. It’s hard to do that with 3,000 people spread out in a giant auditorium at a keynote full of theory and fluff.

	We keep the crowd to a manageable size, host our events in intimate theater settings, and seat the speakers right next to you in the audience. As past speakers have said, “it’s the sort of thing you don’t normally talk about in the company history section on your website. It’s a little more intimate.”

	 








Illinois Technology Association


The Illinois Technology Association (ITA) is a driving force behind the growth of Illinois' vibrant technology industry.

	ITA’s agenda is simple – grow technology companies by fostering deep collaboration among the diverse industry all in support of developing the ecosystem necessary to foster the success of member companies.All the while tirelessly advocating for the industry to raise the awareness of Illinois as a leading technology community.

	Members of ITA benefit from unlimited access to strategic development programs, services, resources and events that support all members of their team.  ITA leverages peer-to-peer collaboration and one-on-one mentoring with leaders from the technology industry to drive companies forward. In addition, ITA’s education, events, Networking, access to facilities at TechNexus and much more are all focused on growing members businesses.

	With over 700 member companies, ITA represents organizations from start-up to leader across the industry – software, mobile, internet, consulting, online services, electronics, telecommunications, green and across all industries – business, consumer, financial services, travel, manufacturing, healthcare, and so on – that represent Illinois’ diversity of companies “that








MIT Enterprise Forum of Chicago


MITEF Chicago meets monthly from September to June. The capstone event in June is the Whiteboard Challenge in June. This is a competition for the best new idea.








Technori Pitch


Technori Pitch is a monthly showcase of Chicago’s most innovative companies, pitching their latest technologies. Every month, six companies get:
	- 5 minutes to demo their product.
	- 3 minutes of moderated audience Q&A.
 
 








Built In Chicago Monthly Meetup


Each month, we introduce you to awesome startups that recently launched. This is not a formal, sit down, educational event-it is more of a "let's have a cocktail, blow off some steam and get up to speed on the latest and greatest in the startup scene".
This is quickly becoming a "must" attend for local investors (I2A Fund, New World Ventures, FireStarter Fund, HPA and more attend!) and entrepreneurs alike. Are you looking to fund a startup? Receive funding for your startup? Hire talent? Meet a co-founder or other entrepreneurs? This is the event in Chicago you must attend.

	 



conferences





Social Media Week


Social Media Week's mission is to explore how local and regional societies, cultures, and economies are becoming more integrated & empowered through a global network of communication.








Tech Week


 




				Techweek is a multifaceted event targeting a variety of audiences. With over 200 speakers and 70 sessions from the most innovative technology leaders and companies around the world, Techweek is this year’s must attend event. For everyone from Fortune 500 companies to startups, Techweek’s conferences, exhibitions, workshops, and parties come together to create one unforgettable week.











SeedCon


SeedCon, the annual entrepreneurship conference hosted by the Chicago Booth Entrepreneurship and Venture Capital student group, brings together students and entrepreneurs from around the Midwest. Check the SeedCon website for more information.








Startup Weekend Chicago


A highly motivated group of developers, business managers, startup enthusiasts, marketing gurus, graphic artists and more meet and in a short 54 hour event work on building projects out. It is very much like anunconference, where the attendees show decide the outcome of the experience.








Chicago Ideas Week


Chicago Ideas Week (CIW) is about the sharing of ideas, inspiring action, and igniting change to positively impact our world. People who come to CIW are artists, engineers, technologists, inventors, scientists, musicians, economists, explorers—and, well…just innately passionate.
For one week each October, CIW brings together some of the world's most outstanding speakers to present their ideas and inspire the innovations of tomorrow at 80+ sessions across the city of Chicago. CIW aims to be the platform for sharing big ideas and making big things happen.





 

coworking space





1871


A center for digital entrepreneurs to instantly plug into a vibrant community of peers, mentors, partners, and investors. 1871 will be home to hundreds of entrepreneurs, developers, and designers who are building the next generation of successful digital technology companies in Chicago.








Enerspace 


Enerspace is a community based shared office space with its first location opening in the West Town neighborhood in Chicago, IL. At Enerspace, you get an urban, hip, inspiring and at the same time completely professional office environment included in one low monthly fee – charged per person per month.








Panzanzee


Panzanzee is Chicago's social enterprise incubator, co-working space, and continuous community. Providing discovery, resources, trust and traction for entrepreneurs and professionals pursuing social impact.








COOP


Coworking space with 5,000+ square feet of open space. Situated just beneath the EL on Franklin Street








Ravenswood Coworking Group


The Ravenswood Coworking Group is a shared office environment for independent workers and entrepreneurs looking to end the “working alone” syndrome, without resorting to leasing an expensive private office.
The RCG office is currently located at Montrose and Ravenswood, steps from the Brown Line El station at Montrose.








OfficePort


Low-cost collaborative work space for small businesses, entrepreneurs, freelancers and the like. OfficePort meets a soaring nationwide demand that is not and cannot be met in the traditional manner.








Tech Nexus


TechNexus is the clubhouse where Chicago’s technology leaders gather. It was developed by private investment and community support and in partnership with the Illinois Technology Association (ITA) to serve as a ‘clubhouse’ and co-working facility to bring technology professionals together, foster relationships and promote a sense of community in Chicago.








Spirtle Space


Spirtle Space is a Chicago based co-working environment that facilitates the birth of business start-ups and continual growth of companies, through providing available resources and a fostering environment for collaboration, cooperation, innovation & success.




 

multiday competitions





New Venture Challenge


New Venture Challenge (NVC) is one of the nation's premier business competitions, allowing students to act upon their entrepreneurial ideas within a supportive and highly rewarding environment. Just one of the many ways the Polsky Center for Entrepreneurship fosters hands-on learning, the NVC program has expanded to include social and global challenges. Since its inception, the NVC has helped launch more than 75 companies, which have gone on to raise more than $230 million in equity capital and create over 1,000 jobs.

	 








SeedCon FastPitch


The SeedCon fast-pitch contest, organized in partnership with Built in Chicago, gives 8 idea-stage start-ups an opportunity to pitch in front of some truly great names in entrepreneurship and venture capital. Seven will be chosen by our judges, and one will be the entry with the most "likes" on their video.
The date for this years competition has not been announced yet.








Chicago Lean Startup Challenge


The Chicago Lean Startup Challenge is a 14 week program designed to accelerate startups toward success. It is a competitive program, and they only accept a select group of applicants. They charge a $100 application fee, all of which goes towards cash prizes for the competition. 
They are currently accepting applications.





 

schools





Tribeca Flashpoint Academy


Founded in 2007 and accredited by ACICS in 2011, Tribeca Flashpoint Media Arts Academy in the heart of downtown Chicago provides a two-year, career-focused alternative to traditional four-year media arts colleges.
Their five disciplines, including Film + Broadcast, Recording Arts, Animation + Visual Effects, Game + Interactive Media, and Design + Visual Communication are designed to erase the boundaries between the classroom and the real world.  Through a combination of hands-on learning, expert instruction, and an emphasis on collaboration and professionalism, we develop well-rounded, highly skilled professionals who are ready to hit the ground running after graduation.

	 








Mobile Makers Academy


An eight week, immersive bootcamp teaching everyone how to build native, mobile applications.







Dev Bootcamp


Dev Bootcamp is a 9 week hands-on intensive training program that teaches web development using Ruby on Rails.







ADMCi


A school dedicated entirely to the craft of user-centered design. Recent graduates,  career-switching professionals, and those who simply manage the design process are perfect candidates.  Our classes combine design thinking with the business skills necessary to succeed. Our next quarter starts in July. Campuses are currently open in Chicago and St. Louis. Come on in. The market needs you.




 







RoboToasterVerdeGreyGoo MediaEnerspaceEight Bit StudiosGiveForwardMyServistaCode Academy
Write a blog post, get 10+ social shares and we'll feature you here. 


Featured Members




  
 Jason Weingarten 
 featured  

  
 Reva Minkoff 
 featured  

  
 James Sayegh 
 featured  


View All 




Startup Of The Month




   


View All 












Follow on LinkedIn
Like on Facebook
Follow on Twitter
 
ContactPremium Talent Solutions
Send Us a Tip
General Inquiries
Become a Sponsor
AboutOur Team
Our Investors
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Powered ByBuilt In Austin
Built In Chicago
Built In Colorado
Built In LA
Built In NYC
Built In Boston
 



Oh no!
You're fresh out of job post slots.Upgrade your planmanage current jobs 

  
Create an account
Facebookconnect with Facebook
 



Let startups find you
Create a profile and upload your resume today.


Facebookconnect with Facebook
 





Invite Your Contacts to Built In ChicagoInvite Gmail ContactsInvite Facebook contactShare link on Twitter 



















Oh no!
You're fresh out of job post slots.








Chicago Ventures Founders Fund, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Larkins  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Chicago Ventures Founders Fund, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Chicago Ventures Gp Ii, Llc, 222 Merchandise Mart Plaza, Suite 1212 
    Chicago, IL, 60654Phone: 312-282-8211 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-31


New


$5,650,000


$5,650,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Stuart Larkins 
 Executive 


 Kevin Willer 
 Executive 












Industry Ventures Fund V-A, L.P. - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Industry Ventures Fund V-A, L.P.
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Industry Ventures Fund V-A, L.P.. Find out Industry Ventures Fund V-A, L.P. address and contact details. View other people related to Industry Ventures Fund V-A, L.P. - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

750 BATTERY STREET 7TH FLOOR SAN FRANCISCO 94111 CA




Companies related to Industry Ventures Fund V-A, L.P.
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001383871LIFELOCK, INC.60 E. RIO SALADO PARKWAY SUITE 400 TEMPE 85281




Industry Ventures Fund V-A, L.P. on the Web
Persons related to Industry Ventures Fund V-A, L.P. - LIFELOCK, INC.NamePositionCityPimentel  AlbertTempeDonald Michael  BeckSVP of Enterprise Sales TEMPEDonald Michael  BeckSVP OF ENTERPRISE SALES TEMPEBessemer Venture Partners Co-Investment L.P.LARCHMONTBessemer Venture Partners Co-Investment L.P.LARCHMONTBessemer Venture Partners VI Institutional L.P.LARCHMONTBessemer Venture Partners VI Institutional L.P.LARCHMONTBessemer Venture Partners VI L.P.LARCHMONTBessemer Venture Partners VI L.P.LARCHMONTGARY S  BRIGGSDirector CHICAGOGARY S  BRIGGSDirector TEMPEGARY S  BRIGGSDirector TEMPEClarissa  CerdaChief Legal Strategist TEMPEClarissa  CerdaSEE REMARKS TEMPEKrishnan  ChiniTempePower  ChrisTempeCerda  ClarissaTempeDAVID J/CA  COWANDirector DAVID J/CA  COWANDirector LARCHMONTDAVID J/CA  COWANDirector LARCHMONTCowan  DavidTempeMarvin  DavisTEMPERichard Todd  DavisEXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN TEMPEDeer VI & Co. LLC10% Owner LARCHMONTYoon  GeneTempeReyes  GeorgeTempeGOLDMAN SACHS & CONEW YORKGOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC NEW YORKROY A  GUTHRIEDirector RIVERWOODSROY A  GUTHRIEDirector TEMPEROY A  GUTHRIEDirector TEMPEMoerman  HillelTempeVelislav  IltchevEVP of Corporate Development TEMPEVelislav  IltchevEVP of Corporate Development TEMPEINDUSTRY VENTURES FUND V, L.P.SAN FRANCISCOIndustry Ventures Management V, L.L.C.SAN FRANCISCOIndustry Ventures Management VI, L.L.C.SAN FRANCISCOIndustry Ventures Partnership Holdings II-A, L.P.SAN FRANCISCOIndustry Ventures Partnership Holdings II GP, LLCSAN FRANCISCOIndustry Ventures Special Opportunities Fund, L.P.SAN FRANCISCOGreener  JamesTempeDouglas C  JeffriesCFO and CAO SAN JOSEKLEINER PERKINS CAUFIELD & BYERS XII, LLCMENLO PARKKPCB XII Associates, LLC10% Owner MENLO PARKKPCB XII Founders Fund, LLCMENLO PARKSRINIVASAN  KRISHNANDirector TEMPESRINIVASAN  KRISHNANDirector TEMPEIgnacio  MartinezChief Risk Officer TEMPEDavis  MarvinTempeLawrence  McIntoshSee Remarks TEMPEAlbert A  PimentelDirector SAN MATEOAlbert A  PimentelDirector TEMPEAlbert A  PimentelDirector TEMPEChris G  PowerCHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER NEW YORKChris G  PowerChief Financial Officer TEMPEChris G  PowerCHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER TEMPERamamurthy  PrakashTempeSatyavolu  RamakrishnaEVP OF PRODUCT AND TECHNOLOGY TEMPESrinivasagopalan  RamamurthyTEMPERzasa  RichardTempeThomas J  RidgeDirector ATLANTAThomas J  RidgeDirector TEMPEThomas J  RidgeDirector TEMPENicholas W.  RobbinsInterim CLO and Secretary TEMPEKrakauer  RobertTempeHILARY  SCHNEIDERCEO & PRESIDENT SAN JOSEHILARY  SCHNEIDERPRESIDENT TEMPEHILARY  SCHNEIDERPRESIDENT TEMPESharon  Segev,EVP, GC & SECRETARY TEMPETY  ShayChief Marketing Officer TEMPEJAYNIE M  STUDENMUNDDirector SEATTLEJohan D.  SwildensSAN FRANCISCORidge  ThomasTempeDavis  ToddTempeTammy  ValdezTEMPE












 








CHICAGO VENTURE PARTNERS L P, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






CHICAGO VENTURE PARTNERS L P


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in CHICAGO VENTURE PARTNERS L P.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (1)
CIK Number: 0001073918


Earliest known filing
August 2010
Latest known filing
August 2010




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
CHICAGO VENTURE PARTNERS L P has 1 filings. View CHICAGO VENTURE PARTNERS L P filings.
Similar companiesChicago Ventures Founders Fund, L.P., Chicago Steak Co Inc., CHICAGO PACIFIC FOUNDERS FUND-B, L.P., CHICAGO PACIFIC FOUNDERS FUND-B, L.P., Chicago Bar Co LLC, Chicago Equity Advisors Fund I, LP, Chicago Capital Offshore Fund, Ltd., Chicago Capital Onshore Fund, LLC, Chicago Suburban Distribution, LLC, Chicago Housing REIT, Inc., Chicagoland Television News, LLC, CHICAGO CAPITAL GROUP INC., Chicago New Orleans NNN Holdings, LLC, Chicago Ventures Fund II, L.P., Chicago Title Insurance Co, Chicagoland Medical Portfolio II DST, CHICAGO PACIFIC FOUNDERS FUND, L.P., CHICAGO PACIFIC FOUNDERS FUND-A, L.P., Chicagoland Medical Portfolio DST, Chicago Area Research Institute LLC, CHICAGO TRUST Co NA, Chicagoland Grocery Venture II DST, Chicago Local Foods, LLC, Chicago Capital Management, LLC, Chicago Climbing Gym Co LLC, Chicago Single Family Affordable Housing Fund I, LLC, CHICAGO GROWTH PARTNERS III, LP, Chicagoland Fresh Market Venture DST, Chicagoland Fresh Market Venture DST, Chicago Orlando Indianapolis DC, Inc., Chicago Bridge & Iron Co (Delaware), CHICAGO APARTMENT FUND LLC, Chicago BT REIT, Inc., Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC, Chicago Sleep Services, LLC, Chicagoland Multifamily DST, Chicagoland Street Retail DST, Chicago Radio, LLC, Chicago Radio Holding, LLC, Chicago Radio Assets, LLC, Chicago License, LLC, Chicago FM Radio Assets, LLC, Chicago ExpressRail LLC, Chicagoland Grocery Venture DST, Chicago Growth Management II, LLC, Chicago Growth Management II, LP, Chicago Venture Management, L.L.C., Chicago Self Storage, LLC, CHICAGO STANDARD HOLDING COMPANY, LTD., CHICAGO PROTON TREATMENT INVESTMENT LLC














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about CHICAGO VENTURE PARTNERS L P. 








Ex-Accretive CEO Tolan launches Chicago Pacific fund	                                             -  In Other News - Crain's Chicago Business










































































































































































































        Friday, July 28, 2017
        





Login
Register
Subscribe






Welcome Guest
Account Settings
Register
Log out









Navigation



Editors’ Picks



Weather



Search





                                             Here's how Four Loko became a thing again 
                                        



                                             Dorms for grown-ups come to Chicago 
                                        



                                             Who's telling the truth about state school funding—Rauner or Dems? 
                                        



                                             When small manufacturers become the bank 
                                        



                                             The doctor will see you now—for $25,000 
                                        






×







                                             How city power players diverted millions in blight-fighting TIF cash to Navy Pier 
                                        



                                             SB 1 is flawed, but it's a necessary step for Illinois schools  
                                        



                                             Here's how Four Loko became a thing again 
                                        



                                             Dorms for grown-ups come to Chicago 
                                        



                                             Who's telling the truth about state school funding—Rauner or Dems? 
                                        









                                             When small manufacturers become the bank 
                                        



                                             The doctor will see you now—for $25,000 
                                        



                                             What the Sun-Times' new owners need most 
                                        



                                             Tour this home on 40 acres in La Porte 
                                        



                                             Best places to buy a home 
                                        










×

                        Weather
                    



×

                  Search
                

























        April 05, 2014
    



Comments




Email



Print







    By  John Pletz









        SHARE
        ×


Facebook
Twitter
Text / SMS
LinkedIn
Google +


Email










Photo by Stephen J. Serio
			Mary Tolan
		




Ex-Accretive CEO Tolan has a big, new venture


Mary Tolan hasn't wasted much time figuring out her next act. A year after being replaced as CEO of Accretive Health Inc., she's raising a $500 million private-equity fund called Chicago Pacific Founders focused on health care investments.  It's a splashy debut effort in an industry that's attracting lots of interest. That land rush may make it harder to produce king-size returns as investors bid against one another for deals. But it also signals the opportunities to be had as a graying population, the Affordable Care Act and cost-cutting pressures reshape roughly a sixth of the entire U.S. economy. “There are people with nowhere near the track records of this group who are able to raise funds,” says Rick Herbst, who oversees the life-sciences practice at Chicago-based Sikich LLP's investment banking unit. “There is a lot of competition for deals.” Ms. Tolan, 53, spent two decades as an Accenture Ltd. retail consultant and strategist before co-founding Accretive in 2003 as a billing consultant to hospitals and physicians groups. Though she left the company under a cloud—its stock cratered after Accretive was accused in 2012 of strong-arming patients for bill payments—she seems to have had little trouble assembling an A-list of talent for her new venture. Chicago Pacific Founders' managing partner is Larry Leisure, a former Accenture colleague and health care consultant who is an adviser to legendary Silicon Valley venture fund Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers in Menlo Park, Calif. Its operating partner is John Rijos, who previously was chief operating officer of Brentwood, Tenn.-based Brookdale Senior Living Inc., one of the nation's largest operators of assisted-living facilities. Ms. Tolan, a trustee of the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business, is chairman. Ms. Tolan declines interview requests, but in a statement she describes Chicago Pacific Founders as “an investment firm based in Chicago and San Francisco focused on innovative health care services and senior living.” Investment opportunities, according to the LinkedIn profile of a fund employee, include “leading health care providers, post-acute care, next-generation health plans, elder-care businesses and the technology companies that underpin transformed care, adding innovation capital, active management and strategic partnering opportunities.” It's not clear how much money Ms. Tolan and her partners have raised or when they will make their first investment.
WELL-WORN PATH
Ms. Tolan's path to private equity has been well-worn by ex-CEOs. After Chris Galvin was forced out as CEO of Motorola Inc., he launched Harrison Street Real Estate Capital LLC in Chicago, which has raised $3.4 billion to invest in real estate, including medical offices, senior housing, student housing and self-storage. Glen Tullman, who quit as CEO of Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Corp. in 2012 after a fight with his board, now invests in health care and education technology through his 7 Wire Ventures fund.



Though she left Accretive under a cloud, she seems to have had little trouble assembling an A-list of talent for her new venture.



“She's a rare health care executive who's worked effectively in a corporate environment and at the same time understands what it's like to start a business from scratch,” says Nina Nashif, CEO of Healthbox LLC, a Chicago incubator for health care startups, who calls Ms. Tolan a mentor. Ms. Nashif says, “That's key.” Nonetheless, Ms. Tolan must prove she can spot potential winners before others do. In Chicago alone, Chicago Pacific Founders could be competing with some of the biggest players in private equity, such as GTCR LLC, as well as Flexpoint Ford LLC, Water Street Healthcare Partners and Roundtable Healthcare Management Inc.  Ms. Tolan and Chicago Pacific Founders are part of another trend, says David Loucks, CEO of Northbrook-based investment banking firm Healthios Capital Markets LLC. “Those funding health care today are different from those who funded it in the past,” he says. “There are as many family offices funding (innovation) as institutions, individuals like Bill Gates. At the end of the day, they want to be known for something more than what they've already done.”  Ms. Tolan grew Accretive to more than $800 million in sales and nearly 3,000 employees. She resigned as chairman in November. The company, which has said it must restate its financial results going back to 2011, was delisted by the New York Stock Exchange last month. (Editor's note: This article has been corrected regarding Glen Tullman's departure from Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Corp. He left voluntarily.)  Read more from John Pletz in his technology blog.


Accenture Ltd.
Accretive Health
Booth School of Business
Brookdale Senior Living Inc.
GTCR LLC
Harrison Street Real Estate Capital
Motorola Inc.
Sikich LLP
Glen Tullman
Mary Tolan
Health Care
People and Profiles
Women in Business
Private Equity
Startups



























Today's Crain's
Get our daily roundup of important business news.













                        Read Next
                    





                                Inside Masonite's innovation center, a door opens
                            





                                Here's how Four Loko became a thing again
                            





                                Dorms for grown-ups come to Chicago
                            





                                Crain's largest banks, thrifts by the numbers
                            




























































OCA Ventures












































 
 






We help entrepreneurs build great companies.Meet Our Founders“OCA is not just a source of capital- they have provided Base withinnumerable connections and have helped us every step of the way.”Uzi Shmilovici, BaseCRMMeet Our Founders"OCA Ventures has been one of our earliest and consistent supporters. Their advice and guidance early on have paved the way for our continued growth."Rahier Rahman, Pangea Payments Meet Our Founders"Being an entrepreneur is a learning journey. OCA is usuallywhere I stop to get directions."Mike Zivin & Hemant Kashyap, Whittl Meet Our Founders"OCA really has gone above and beyond! The team has helped make countless intros that have been both fruitful for business deals and on the financing side."Mark Lawrence & Jeremy Smith, SpotHero

OCA Fosters Success


 

 
Jobs Created
 
 

 
Companies Funded
 
 

 
In Follow On Capital Raised
 
Recent News


Frontpage Article, News SpotHero Hits the Gas Pedal With $30M in New FundingJuly 19, 2017SpotHero has its foot on the gas, and it’s not slowing down.

The…

http://www.ocaventures.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/spothero-featured-e1494347499841.png
433
650

OCAVentures

http://ocaventures.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/logo.png

OCAVentures2017-07-19 02:04:592017-07-19 02:04:59SpotHero Hits the Gas Pedal With $30M in New FundingFrontpage Article, News Levyx Shatters STAC-A3 Independent Benchmark for Financial Trading Applications --- Achieving 32X Performance GainJuly 14, 2017Levyx Inc., whose high-performance, ultra-low latency data processing…

http://www.ocaventures.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/Levyx-Logo-small.png
500
500

OCAVentures

http://ocaventures.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/logo.png

OCAVentures2017-07-14 17:02:152017-07-14 18:13:28Levyx Shatters STAC-A3 Independent Benchmark for Financial Trading Applications --- Achieving 32X Performance GainFrontpage Article, News Coming off a year of nearly 4,000 percent growth, Regroup Therapy just raised a $6M Series AJune 20, 2017
Regroup Therapy has had a whirlwind of a year.
The Chicago-based…

http://www.ocaventures.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/regroup-therapy-logo-small.png
500
500

OCAVentures

http://ocaventures.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/logo.png

OCAVentures2017-06-20 19:18:242017-06-20 19:24:50Coming off a year of nearly 4,000 percent growth, Regroup Therapy just raised a $6M Series A
   

SectionsHome
About Us
Portfolio
People
Jobs
Recent News
Contact
OCA InvestorsOCA I Investor Login
OCA II Investor Login
OCA II Opportunity Fund Investor Login
OCA III Investor Login
  Recent Posts 

SpotHero Hits the Gas Pedal With $30M in New Funding
July 19, 2017


Levyx Shatters STAC-A3 Independent Benchmark for Financial Trading Applications — Achieving 32X Performance Gain
July 14, 2017


Coming off a year of nearly 4,000 percent growth, Regroup Therapy just raised a $6M Series A
June 20, 2017


Solovis Raises $8 million to Accelerate Growth
June 20, 2017


 Contact Us  OCA Ventures
351 W. Hubbard St. #600
Chicago, IL 60654
Tel: (312) 327 – 8400
Fax: (312) 542 – 8952
Connect With Us  





займ срочно на картукредит наличнымиоформить карту













Scroll to top































	Meet the Founders | The University of Chicago Booth School of Business

























                    2017



























Now in its first official run, the Polsky Founders’ Fund Fellowship is supporting local, early-stage start-ups whose roots run deep at UChicago. Illustration by Brett Ryder.



Meet the Founders
The Polsky Center’s new fellowship is nurturing local start-up founders in industries as diverse as healthcare, energy, retail, and more.






Share










Related


Conversations


Editor Pick


Entrepreneurship


My Booth


Polsky Center


Winter 2017



Recommended














For entrepreneurs, tapping into a like-minded community can provide that extra push to keep going. That’s precisely the goal of the Polsky Founders’ Fund Fellowship, or PF3, at the Polsky Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation, where nine entrepreneurs are spending the year growing existing ventures.








                Left to right: Joey Dumas, Gordon Taylor, Rho Kook Song, Lance Larsen, Andi Hadisutjipto, Dane Guarino, Austen Mance, Jinjing Xia, Mike Pintar, and LaoTu team member Dora Yao.
            


PF3, now in its first official run, serves as a yearlong incubator for Chicago-based entrepreneurs, providing everything from funding to coworking spaces to quarterly check-ins. Graduating University of Chicago students, Booth students, and decelerating Booth students can apply for the program. Here’s a look at the newest fellows:
Current Full-Time MBA student Lance Larsen and Dane Guarino, ’16, Cofounders of Markit Medical
Combatting sticker shock after a medical procedure can be difficult. So fellows Larsen and Gaurino created a platform that integrates into the physician-referral process and lets consumers estimate the costs of their procedures and doctor visits before committing to a certain physician or treatment. The founders are marketing the service to insurers eager to help their customers find more transparency when it comes to medical costs. In addition to giving them the opportunity to grow their database, the fellowship has been a rewarding experience because the pair has been able to further hone their concept, said Larsen. PF3 “allowed us to run proof-of-concept tests before we had insurance companies as customers,” he said.
Mike Pintar, ’16, COO of NETenergy
After years of hardware development, the team at NETenergy is almost finished with a thermal battery they hope will shave at least 30 percent off of commercial cooling costs. The battery stores cold energy and is similar to an electrical battery. During peak energy use—when rates can surge up to six times the off-peak rate—the battery uses stored thermal energy to reduce both costs and carbon emissions, said Pintar. As the team of five works to perfect the battery hardware, the fellowship has turned into a community to celebrate both successes and mistakes. “We can talk and share war stories,” Pintar said.




 We were able to bring in an advisor who is a former ride-sharing executive, which allowed us to understand more about the industry.
Gordon Taylor


Current Full-Time MBA student Andi Hadisutjipto, Founder and CEO of Riviter
The world of image recognition is expanding quickly. Applying the latest technology is especially useful for innovative online retailers, said Hadisutjipto. Riviter uses a visual search algorithm to improve retailers’ ability to market relevant products to consumers online. PF3’s quarterly check-ins for fellows “have been a great organizing function,” Hadisutjipto said. “These help to keep us accountable to higher-level goals and get us in the practice of reporting to our investors.”
Current Full-Time MBA student Rho Kook Song, Cofounder and CEO of Freenters
As printing costs at universities grow, students have another option. Freenters works with sponsors to pay college students to print ads along with their documents, said Kook Song. The company, which has more than 15,000 users and is already active on campuses, is now moving toward a software-only model, a transition that’s been helpful to speak about with other fellows. With most PF3 teams located at a coworking space in the city, it’s easy to “casually bounce ideas off each other,” Kook Song said. “Those spontaneous conversations are worth it.”
Austen Mance, AB ’16, Founder of Enlistics
Applying analytics to the hiring process can mean huge rewards for businesses looking to find the best employees. At Enlistics, Mance helps firms analyze the strengths of sales candidates through their social media data (much like credit-card companies check credit scores), minimizing the risk for employee turnover. The support from Polsky has allowed the team of five to attend auto-industry conventions to roll out their services to car dealerships, where sales-team turnover remains extremely high, Mance said.


 Polsky helped us to reach out to our base in Shenzhen.
Jinjing Xia


Gordon Taylor, ’16, Founder of Carla
Even with widely available ride-sharing services, getting to a large-scale event can be a hassle when prices surge and hopes of finding a car wane. Taylor’s early-stage carpooling start-up hopes to address the problem by providing transport to large events such as Coachella and Burning Man or even local football games. The platform allows car owners to rent their vehicles for carpooling with their peers. While new to the ride-sharing space, Taylor said the fellowship has helped him get better acquainted with the industry. “We were able to bring in an advisor who is a former ride-sharing executive, which allowed us to understand more about the industry,” he said.
Joey Dumas, ’16, Cofounder and CEO of UnMannedKind
As drone technology becomes even more sophisticated, the regulatory environment becomes more complex. Dumas, a former pilot, is hoping to provide advisory services to companies eager to integrate drones into their current airspace and flight-planning systems as well as help in navigating the ever-changing regulation landscape. For Dumas, the encouragement and advice from PF3 fellows who are further along in building their firms is key. “As the rest of my classmates are starting to get full-time jobs and paychecks, having that network and cohort is very helpful,” he said.
Jinjing Xia, MA ’16, Cofounder of LaoTu
With greater focus on the safety of China’s food supply, start-ups including LaoTu are moving in. Cofounder Xia hopes to build out a platform for rural farmers making ecologically produced products in China. That’s because connecting farmers to their urban customer base promotes the kind of “environmental caring” that’s key to sustainable agriculture, she said. For Xia, who founded the company last year, reaching the user base from Chicago’s campus seemed out of reach at first. But as a PF3 fellow, Xia was able to tap into the Booth network in China, connecting with experts in agribusiness to get a sense of the market and the needs of consumers. “Polsky helped us to reach out to our base in Shenzhen,” Xia said.
—By Alina Dizik
 
 








Share












































































