





Chiles, William E. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































William E. Chiles
WILLIAM E. CHILES is President and Chief Executive Officer of Chiles
Offshore Inc. He founded Chiles Offshore in March 1997 which operates
three new state-of-the-art LeTourneau Super 116-C jackups in the US Gulf
of Mexico. Mr. Chiles was Senior Vice President ‘ Drilling Operations of
Cliffs Drilling Company and President and CEO of Southwestern Offshore
Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary. The Southwestern Offshore fleet
was sold to Cliffs Drilling Company in May 1996. In September 1996, he
was appointed to the position of Senior Vice President ‘ Drilling
Operations responsible for the operation of the worldwide fleet
including 14 jackups ‘ eight in the US Gulf of Mexico, one in Trinidad,
one in Qatar, one in Mexico, one in Columbia, and two in Lake Maracaibo,
Venezuela. In addition, he was responsible for nine land rigs operating
in Venezuela. From 1992 to May 1996, he was President and Chief
Executive Officer of Southwestern Offshore Corporation, a company he
founded in 1992. He has a BBA in Petroleum Land Management from The
University of Texas at Austin and an MBA in Finance and Accounting with
Honors from Southern Methodist University, Dallas. He is involved in
many professional and civic associations.
Related Interviews:William Chiles - Chiles Offshore Inc (cod)January 15, 2001







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google
















William E. Chiles | Pelican Energy Partners



























 




























 


 
 
 
 




 


 
 













 
 












William E. Chiles








William E. Chiles





Managing Partner
Bill Chiles joined Pelican in 2014 and serves on the boards of several of the Pelican portfolio companies. As of July 2014, Bill Chiles retired as President and CEO of Bristow Group Inc., a publicly traded and leading provider of helicopter services to the worldwide offshore energy industry. Bill joined Bristow in 2004 as CEO, President and a board member after a 32-year career in the offshore oil & gas drilling business.
Bill began his career with Western Oceanic, Inc., as a Floorman, Derrickman, and Driller in the North Sea out of Aberdeen, Scotland, and then Rig Manager, Operations Manager, and VP of Domestic Operations in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. He co-founded Chiles Drilling Company in 1977 (“Chiles I”), which later became Chiles Offshore Corporation, which was acquired by Noble Drilling in 1994. After leaving Chiles Offshore, Bill founded Southwestern Offshore Corporation, operating ten offshore drilling units in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, Middle East, and Trinidad. He served as CEO & President until Southwestern was acquired by Cliffs Drilling Company in 1996. After Bill left Cliffs, he founded Chiles Offshore Inc. (“Chiles II”), and built and operated five ultra-premium jackup offshore drilling units targeting very deep, high temperature and high pressure drilling projects in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and Trinidad. The company was merged into ENSCO International Incorporated in 2002, and Bill became Vice President of Business Development for ENSCO. In 2003, he joined Grey Wolf Inc., a publicly traded land oil & gas drilling company, as Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer until joining Bristow.
Bill also serves on the boards of Gulf Island Fabricators Inc., the National Ocean Industries Association, where he was the 2012 Chairman and a member of the Executive Committee, and the Offshore Energy Museum.
Bill is graduate of the University of Texas at Austin with a BBA in Petroleum Land Management and earned an MBA at Southern Methodist University. He is also a former trustee of Awty International School and Episcopal High School, and served on the Vestry and was Senior Warden of Saint Martin’s Episcopal Church. Bill and his wife, Wendy, reside in Houston and have five children.


Download vCard 
bchiles@pep-lp.com 713-559-7114 







 Mike Scott
John O’Brien








































William E. Chiles: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 6:13 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Pelican Energy Partners LP



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
William E. Chiles  Managing Partner, Pelican Energy Partners LPAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships68--
Background

		Mr. William E. Chiles, also known as Bill, is a Managing Partner of Pelican Energy Partners LP. Mr. Chiles joined Pelican Energy Partners in 2014. Mr. Chiles served as the Chief Executive Officer of Bristow Group Inc. from July 15, 2004 to July 31, 2014 and served as its President from July 15, 2004 to June 9, 2014. He served as an Executive Director of Bristow Group Inc. from July 15, 2004 to July 31, 2014. He served as the Chief Financial Officer of Bristow Group Inc. ... from June 2010 to October 11, 2010. He served as the Chief Financial Officer of Bristow Group Inc. from December 1, 2005 to February 2006. He joined Bristow in 2004 as the Chief Executive Officer, President and a Board Member after a 32-year career in the offshore oil and gas drilling business. He served as an Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Grey Wolf Inc. and Precision Drilling Oilfield Services Corporation from March 31, 2003 to June 2004. He served as a Vice President of Business Development at ENSCO International Incorporated (Ensco plc) from August 2002 to March 2003. From August 1997 to August 2002, he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Chiles Offshore, Inc. He founded Chiles Offshore Inc. (“Chiles II”), and built and operated five ultra-premium jackup offshore drilling units targeting very deep, high temperature and high pressure drilling projects in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and Trinidad. From May 1996 to March 1997, he served as a Senior Vice President of Drilling Operations of Cliffs Drilling Company, where he was responsible for the operation of its worldwide fleet. From 1992 to May 1996, he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Southwestern Offshore Corporation until 1996. He founded it in 1992. Mr. Chiles Co-founded Chiles Offshore Corporation in 1987 and its predecessor company, Chiles Drilling Company, in 1977. He has a highly successful career in the worldwide offshore drilling business that began in 1972 with Western Oceanic, Inc., as a Floorman, Derrickman and Driller in the North Sea out of Aberdeen, Scotland and then Rig Manager, Operations Manager and Vice President – Domestic Operations in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. He has been a Director of Offshore Logistics Inc. since July 15, 2004. He serves as a Director of Norsk Helikopter AS and Bristow Norway AS. He serves on the Board of the Offshore Energy Museum and the National Ocean Industries Association, where he was the 2012 Chairman. He has been an Independent Director of Gulf Island Fabrication Inc, since March 12, 2014. He served as an Independent Director of Basic Energy Services, Inc. from August 2003 to December 23, 2016. He is also a former Trustee of Awty International School and Episcopal High School. He served as a Director of Chiles Offshore Inc. since August 1997. He is the most recent past Senior Warden of Saint Martin’s Episcopal Church. Mr. Chiles is a prominent figure in the oil service industry. Mr. Chiles received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Petroleum Land Management from The University of Texas at Austin and a Master of Business Administration Degree in Finance and Accounting with honors from Southern Methodist University, Dallas.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2050 West Sam Houston Parkway SouthHouston, Texas 77042United StatesPhone: 713-559-7110Fax: 713-559-7111
Board Members Memberships
DirectorBristow Norway AS2014-PresentIndependent DirectorGulf Island Fabrication, Inc.
Education
BBA The University of Texas, AustinMBA Southern Methodist University
Other Affiliations
Precision Drilling (US) CorporationEnsco plcBristow Group Inc.Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.Chiles Offshore Inc.Basic Energy Services, Inc.The University of Texas, AustinSouthern Methodist UniversityBristow Norway AS


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Pelican Energy Partners LP, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































William E. Chiles - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















William E. Chiles
Board Member at Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you William E. Chiles? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William E. Chiles's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William E. Chiles's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William E. Chiles's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William E. Chiles through your network of contacts.
												








William E. Chiles's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.


Past
To view William E. Chiles's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
68

 
 


William E. Chiles's Biography



Serves as Managing Partner of Pelican Energy Partners since 2014. From July 2004 to July 2014, Mr. Chiles served as President, CEO and a director of the Bristow Group, Inc., a publicly-traded global provider of offshore aviation services to the energy industry, and search & rescue services to the UK Maritime Coast Guard Agency. Mr. Chiles retired as President and CEO of Bristow in July 2014, but continued to serve as a Senior Advisor and was CEO Emeritus through July 2016. From 2003 to 2004, he served as Executive Vice President and COO of Grey Wolf Inc., a publicly traded onshore oil and gas drilling company. From 2002 to 2003, he served as  ...
(Read More)

			Serves as Managing Partner of Pelican Energy Partners since 2014. From July 2004 to July 2014, Mr. Chiles served as President, CEO and a director of the Bristow Group, Inc., a publicly-traded global provider of offshore aviation services to the energy industry, and search & rescue services to the UK Maritime Coast Guard Agency. Mr. Chiles retired as President and CEO of Bristow in July 2014, but continued to serve as a Senior Advisor and was CEO Emeritus through July 2016. From 2003 to 2004, he served as Executive Vice President and COO of Grey Wolf Inc., a publicly traded onshore oil and gas drilling company. From 2002 to 2003, he served as Vice President of Business Development of ENSCO International. In 1997, Mr. Chiles founded Chiles Offshore, Inc. (Chiles II) and served as President and CEO until its merger with ENSCO International Incorporated (ENSCO) in 2002. In 1992, he founded Southwestern Offshore Corporation and served as CEO and President until its acquisition by Cliffs Drilling Company (Cliffs) in 1996. From 1996 to 1997, he served as Senior Vice President-Drilling Operations for Cliffs. In 1977, he co-founded Chiles Offshore Inc. (Chiles I) and served as President and CEO until 1992. The Company was acquired by Noble Drilling in 1994. Prior to 1977, he began his career working offshore in the North Sea for Western Oceanic, Inc. and served as VP - Domestic Operations in Lafayette, Louisiana. Mr. Chiles served on the board of directors of Basic Energy Services, a publicly-traded provider of wellsite services to oil and natural gas drilling and producing companies, until December 2016.





We believe Mr. Chiles is a valuable member of the Board and qualified to serve as the Chairman of the Compensation Committee because of his broad international experience and knowledge of the oil and gas industry and our customer base, as well as his executive experience with various publicly traded companies.
		
Source: Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. on 03/13/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William E. Chiles's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William E. Chiles. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William E. Chiles's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William E. Chiles's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William E. Chiles through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William E. Chiles


















William E. Chiles's Connections (110)





Sign up now to view William E. Chiles's 110 connections »









Jonathan E. Baliff
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Bristow Group Inc.









Lori A. Gobillot
Board Member, Bristow Group Inc.









Hilary S. Ware
Former Senior Vice President and Chief Administration Officer, Bristow Group Inc.









K. Jeremy Akel
Former Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Bristow Group Inc.









Thomas N. Amonett
Board Member, Bristow Group Inc.









Michael A. Flick
Board Member, Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.









Mathew S. Masters
Board Member, Bristow Group Inc.









Sylvester P. Johnson
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc.









Steven A. Webster
Former Board Member, Basic Energy Services, Inc.









Stephen A. King
Board Member, Bristow Group Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Sitemap  - Salary.com







































Enterprise
Small Business
Personal


Contact Us
Log In































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice













Sitemap 





  


Salary

US Salary Wizard
Purchase a Salary Report
Browse by Category
Browse by Income
Popular Salaries
Canadian Salary Wizard
Negotiation Tips
Trends
Benefits Calculator
Benefits Information
Executive Pay Wizard
Employment & Labor News


Job Search

Search Job Openings
Job Comparison Tool
Browse Jobs by State
Browse by Category
Resume Advice
Job Alert Emails
Interview Techniques
Networking
Personal Branding
Unemployment
Popular Job Searches


Education

Education Finder
Browse by Career
Browse by Level
Browse by Major
College Tuition Planner
Higher-Education
Vocational Education
Training & Certification
Trade Shows & Conferences
Internships





 


Career Development

Archetype Test
Performance Self-Test
Career Profiles
Performance Reviews
Management Advice


Work & Life

Cost of Living Calculator
Cost of Living News
Relocating for Work
Work/Life Balance
Get Organized
Office Politics
Investing Wisely
Volunteering


Features

Salary Talk Podcast
Dream Jobs
Ask The Salary Expert
Office Etiquette
 Mom Salary Wizard
 Dad Salary Wizard
 The Executive Presence Blog
 Boost Your Work/Life Balance
 The Salary Tutor
 Get Interviews
 Personality Style at Work
 Awesomize Me
 Dollars & $ense Job Search
 Green Notes
 Job Channel Network
Glossary







Product Overviews


Data Subscriptions
Job Pricing Reports


Articles


HR Articles
Compensation
Defining a Job
Hiring Employees
Measuring Performance
Leadership 
Running a Business
Leadership
Organization
Finance



































     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator















William E Chiles - Bothell, WA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William E Chiles in Bothell, WA


William E Chiles

                                                                           Intelius found that William E Chiles  is  a male between 20 and 30 years old from Bothell, WA.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Wm E Chiles


Get Report Now

Age

William E Chiles is in his 20s

William Has Lived In

Bothell, WA
Woodinville, WA
Oak Harbor, WA

William's Relatives

Deborah Hernandez-chiles
Mary Chiles
Mogrey Chiles
Marjorie Chiles







William E Chiles



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William E Chiles
Get a Criminal Check on William E Chiles
Get a Public Record Report on William E Chiles
Get a People Search Report on William E Chiles


William E Chiles's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William E Chiles has lived as well as William E Chiles's phone numbers and email addresses.




William E Chiles Has Lived in 1 States
Washington Address for William E Chiles


16520 N**** R* 

Bothell, WA


Has Lived In

Bothell, WA
Woodinville, WA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William E Chiles

(425) ***-**** - Bothell, WA 
(425) ***-**** - Snohomish, WA 
(360) ***-**** - Oak Harbor, WA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William E Chiles



Get Email Report




William E Chiles's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William E Chiles


William E Chiles's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William E Chiles's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Chiles
Username Matches

                  WilliamChiles
                  ChilesWilliam
                  William.Chiles
                  Chiles.William
                  William_Chiles
                  Chiles_William
                  William-Chiles
                  Chiles-William
                  WChiles
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Chiles







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















 









Williams Sonoma Rub, Chile Lime | Williams Sonoma























  





Skip Navigation










   


Pottery Barn
pottery barn kids
PBteen
west elm
Rejuvenation
Mark and Graham





 Williams Sonoma
 Williams Sonoma Home
 


Stores
Culinary Events & Classes
Track Your Order
 Gift Cards



My Account



Sign In
Or Create an Account >
Top Picks For You >
Track Your Order >









Cart








Checkout









  





Search














Registry
My Registry



Find a Registry
Create a Registry
Create a Registry
View Your Registry
Manage My Registry
Manage My Registry
Manage My Registries
Create a New Registry
Find a Registry
Checklist
Registry Benefits





Stores


Stores

Locate a Store
Store Events
Cooking Classes
Cookbook Club







Our Stores
Join us for a special event at your local store.

Find a Store




eCatalog
Blog

Recipes



Recipe Search
Recipe Box
Catalog Recipes

This Season

A Harvest Dinner at Noci Sonoma Farmstead
Destination: Italy
Discover California Wine Country
Campus Cooking Back-to-School Survival Guide
Cutout Cookie Central
Outdoor Grilling Guide
Guide to Making Great Salads
Guide to Cocktails
In Season Now
Chefs' Collective

Cooking Guides

The Ingredient Guide
Guide to Chocolate
Guide to Olive Oil
Guide to Pasta
Guide to Tea
Guide to Grains
Guide to Meat
Guide to Wine



Featured Chefs

Featured Chefs & Authors
Giada De Laurentiis
Michael Mina
Vikas Khanna
Charles Joly
Christopher Kimball
Vivian Howard
Ray Garcia
Sarah Simmons
Tyler Florence
Yotam Ottolenghi

Resources

Cooking Videos
Tips and Techniques
Entertaining Ideas
wsKids
#mywilliamssonoma




A Harvest Dinner at Noci Sonoma Farmstead
Our Open Kitchen collection brings a harvest dinner to the farm at Noci Sonoma in California's wine country.

Learn More




Wine Club
 
Gifts


Featured



Top Gifts




Gift Cards




Gift Sets




Top-Rated Gifts




Monogrammed Gifts




Gifts in Red




Gifts in Copper




Gifts in White



Gifts by Price



Under $25




Under $50




Under $100




Under $250




Gifts by Recipient



Cook




Griller




Baker




Entertainer




Wedding Gifts




Grad




For Her




For Him




Family




Kids




Wine Lover




Hostess




Coffee Lover




Gardener




Techie




Mixologist




Foodie




Business Gifts




DIY




Top Gifts by Category



Cookware




Cooks' Tools




Cutlery




Electrics




Bakeware




Food




Tabletop & Bar




Homekeeping




Décor




Outdoor




Agrarian








Give the perfect gift. Any occasion, any time.
Shop Now 



 New
Brands
Open Kitchen
 
Agrarian


Homegrown



Wreaths & Garlands




Raised Beds & Vertical Gardening




Planters & Pots




Garden Tools & Supplies




Plants & Trees




Seeds




Chicken Coops




Beekeeping




Compost



Homemade



DIY & Homemade Kits




Gift Crates




Canning & Preserving




Featured



New Arrivals




Agrarian Gifts




Top-Rated




Copper




Registry Favorites



Sale & Offers



Sale




   




Hand Crafted Botanical Wreaths
Shop Now 













   


< Return to 's Registry
< Return to Completion Program

Main Content Starts Here











Home





Gourmet Food





Rubs & Brines



Williams Sonoma Rub, Chile Lime








 


View Larger

Roll Over Image to Zoom


































Tweet





Pin It





















Williams Sonoma Rub, Chile Lime



Buy Any 2, Get 20% Off + Free Fast Shipping! Use Code: MIXNMATCH


 

Read Reviews












Select: Single



Single









$10.95 




Free Fast Shipping 
Exclusive 
 


QTY




Enter ZIP Code for a better delivery estimate.



X
Enter your ZIP Code for delivery and availability.






Go











Add to Cart


Add to Registry






Summary



 From Latin America to the South Pacific, the pairing of chiles and lime is a go-to combination that instantly elevates the flavors of meat and poultry, seafood and vegetables. Our spicy-tangy blend of New Mexican chiles and tart lime is enhanced with California cilantro, cumin, and other spices to add gentle heat and mouth-watering appeal.

3 oz.
Made in USA.





Ingredients



 
Sea salt, chile pepper, lime juice powder (corn syrup solids, natural flavors (lime juice solids, natural flavors), garlic, onion, paprika, sugar, cumin, cilantro black pepper, coriander, silicone dioxide (to prevent caking), red pepper, chipotle pepper.
This product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come in contact with wheat/gluten, tree nuts, fish, shellfish, egg, milk, soy.





Shipping



 Shipping Information
UPS can deliver most in-stock items within 4-5 business days. UPS is unable to deliver to P.O. boxes.

Shipping Rates
The shipping rate varies depending on your order total and shipping destination. View Shipping Options and Charges.
Next Day Delivery
For an additional charge of $17.50 per address, we can expedite delivery to most destinations. This service is not available for some oversize items, items shipped directly from the supplier (including perishable and custom-manufactured items), out-of-stock items and items to be shipped outside the contiguous 48 states.
Orders received by 9:00 p.m., Eastern time, Monday through Thursday will arrive the next business day; orders placed Friday through Sunday will arrive on the following Tuesday.
Return Policy
At Williams Sonoma, we take great pride in the quality and craftsmanship of our products. Attention to design, materials, safety and construction are our priority. Upon receipt, please inspect your purchase and notify us of any damage; we will arrange for a prompt replacement.
If within 30 days, you are dissatisfied for any reason, you may return your purchase for a refund of the merchandise value. An original receipt or gift receipt is required for all returns and exchanges. Returns with a gift receipt will be refunded in the form of a Merchandise Credit for the amount indicated on the gift receipt. Returns with original receipt will be refunded in the original form of payment, cash and check refunds over $100 will be issued as a company check (may take 14 business days from time of request).
For all cutlery returns (knife sets, single knives, cutting boards, knife sharpeners, and knife storage) please contact us at 888.922.4108 to initiate the return.
We cannot accept returns on monogrammed, personalized, special-order items, custom upholstery, food, items shipped direct from the vendor, or on items damaged through normal wear and tear. Final sale items ending in .97 or .99 cannot be returned.
Made to Order and Final Sale Furniture items are non-returnable, and cannot be cancelled once the order is placed.
For returns of items purchased from your Williams Sonoma Gift Registry, we will gladly provide a refund or exchange for the merchandise within 90 days of your event or within 90 days of purchase, whichever date is later. View Full Returns Policy.














 Give Us Feedback





















Rated 5 out of
5
 by
Angie from
Omgooosh
The best chili lime rub on the market! Grear on chicken and fish!!! Love love love!!!!
Date published: 2017-04-19





Rated 5 out of
5
 by
Classylady74 from
Many recipe use
I first tried this rub when visiting a store and it was mixed in with sour cream for a child dip. I was sold! I have used it on corn on the cob (and other veggies) as well as salmon and chicken. You will NOT be disappointed with this versatile rub!!
Date published: 2016-06-25





Rated 5 out of
5
 by
Megdvm from
Chile rub is great!
This is a great rub for multiple meats. You won't go wrong. We've had several spontaneous compliments from guests when we used it!
Date published: 2016-04-29






y_2017, m_7, d_18, h_22
bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_1.0.0-hotfix-1
cp_1, bvpage1
co_hasreviews, tv_0, tr_3
loc_en_US, sid_williams-sonoma-rub-chile-lime, prod, sort_[SortEntry(order=SUBMISSION_TIME, direction=DESCENDING)]
clientName_williamssonoma



bvseo_sdk, java_sdk, bvseo-4.0.0
CLOUD, getReviews, 74ms
REVIEWS, PRODUCT












Related Searches

steak bbq sauce


bbq sauces rubs


spicy poultry rub


dry rub brines


bbq sauces pork


top rated grill tool set




Related Products






Williams Sonoma American Regional Rub, Memphis


Make authentic Memphis-style ribs with this classic rub ...


Quickview










Williams Sonoma American Regional Rub, Memphis


Description:
Make authentic Memphis-style ribs with this classic rub
created for us by Melissa Cookston, the award-winning pitmaster at the city's legendary Memphis Barbecue Company. The blend gets its spicy kick from red chiles, paprika and two kinds of pepper. ...


View Product


[ x ] close










Steak Lovers BBQ Sauce and Rub Set


At America's top steakhouses, chefs use savory seasonings ...


Quickview










Steak Lovers BBQ Sauce and Rub Set


Description:
At America's top steakhouses, chefs use savory seasonings
like ours to bring out the umami-rich flavors of top-quality beef. In this set, we've included a trio of our favorite grilling rubs, along with our legendary Bourbon Black Pepper BBQ ...


View Product


[ x ] close










Trisha Yearwood's Applewood Molasses Rub


Get cooking with Trisha Yearwood, award-winning country music ...


Quickview










Trisha Yearwood's Applewood Molasses Rub


Description:
Get cooking with Trisha Yearwood, award-winning country music
superstar, best-selling cookbook author and star of the Food Network series "Trisha's Southern Kitchen." In her smoky-sweet BBQ rub, Trisha combines local flavors with a classic combo of applewood-smoked sea salt, ...


View Product


[ x ] close










Williams Sonoma Rub, Cajun Blackening


Bring home the bold flavors of the bayou ...


Quickview










Williams Sonoma Rub, Cajun Blackening


Description:
Bring home the bold flavors of the bayou
with our seasoning rub. For classic Cajun character, we've combined savory garlic, bay leaves and thyme with fragrant allspice, nutmeg and cloves – plus paprika, black pepper and chiles for a ...


View Product


[ x ] close










Williams Sonoma Japanese Rub, Sesame Chili Togarashi


Taking its name from the Japanese for "chile ...


Quickview










Williams Sonoma Japanese Rub, Sesame Chili Togarashi


Description:
Taking its name from the Japanese for "chile
peppers," our Togarashi rub combines spicy chiles, Sichuan peppercorns and black pepper with savory nori flakes, sesame seeds and tangy orange peel. It's the perfect partner for beef, pork, chicken or ...


View Product


[ x ] close














 
 






















Latest News - bristowgroup.com
















































          Search
        



Search










Around the World. 
          Around the Clock.

Sagittis facilisis amet, vel, natoque integer. Rhoncus dapibus, tempor! Turpis nisi et ultricies vel. Magnis? Nascetur et enim eros ac rhoncus! Vut facilisis risus.

















Bristow's William E. Chiles Receives Prestigious Laura Taber Barbour Air Safety Award

November 11, 2014

HOUSTON, (November 11, 2014) – Bristow Group, Inc. (NYSE: BRS) Chief Executive Officer Emeritus William (“Bill”) E. Chiles today received the prestigious  Laura Taber Barbour Air Safety Award at the Flight Safety Foundation's 67th annual International Air Safety Summit (IASS) in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. Chiles was praised for his leadership to establish industry wide safety protocols across the helicopter offshore transportation industry.“Bill’s vision to incorporate safety initiatives into all systems and processes changed everyday practices throughout our global organization and promoted a laser-focused culture of safety with our innovative Target Zero program, unifying our company around our core value of safety,” said Jonathan Baliff, president and chief executive officer, Bristow Group, Inc. “His passion for safety is renowned in the industry.“Under Bill’s leadership, five of the world’s largest offshore helicopter operators recently formed HeliOffshore, the first global offshore helicopter industry association, with the goal of improving flight safety and technical competence across the world. Bill will serve as the organization’s first chairman. We are proud of his accomplishments and are grateful that we will continue to benefit from his passion for safety and dedication to our industry and clients,” added Baliff.“It is our responsibility to return every single passenger safely home, every single time.”“I am honored to receive such distinguished recognition from my peers,” said Chiles. “It is our responsibility to return every single passenger safely home, every single time. We will continue to improve the safety record for the offshore flying community as we collaborate to share best practices with one another,” he said.Believing that safety is everyone’s responsibility, Bristow developed Target Zero to create a culture of safety at every level of the company. The program’s goals are founded on the beliefs that accidents are preventable, injuries to employees and others are avoidable and harm to the environment is intolerable. Target Zero encourages all employees to proactively practice safety and take action to mitigate risks. Bristow’s Target Zero culture of safety has been recognized by numerous organizations around the world and remains a core value of the company.About Bristow Group Bristow Group Inc. is the leading provider of helicopter services to the worldwide offshore energy industry based on the number of aircraft operated and one of two helicopter service providers to the offshore energy industry with global operations. The Company has major transportation operations in the North Sea, Nigeria and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, and in most of the other major offshore oil and gas producing regions of the world, including Australia, Brazil, Canada, Russia and Trinidad. For more information, visit the company's website at www.bristowgroup.com. Media inquiries contact: Julie King, Bristow Group Global Communications Phone: +1-832-783-7927 Email: global.communications@bristowgroup.com 






















Insider Trading - Chiles William E - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Chiles William E





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2015-02-26Sale
2015-03-024:39 pm
Basic Energy Services Inc
BAS
Chiles William EDirector
12,500
$7.152
$89,395
51,500(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-23Other
2016-12-304:34 pm
N/AN/A
Basic Energy Services Inc
BAS
Chiles William EOther
59,000
$0
886(Direct)
View


2016-12-23Other
2016-12-304:34 pm
N/AN/A
Basic Energy Services Inc
BAS
Chiles William EOther
32
$0
886(Direct)
View


2016-12-23Other
2016-12-304:34 pm
2016-12-232023-12-23
Basic Energy Services Inc
BAS
Chiles William EOther
886
$55.25
886(Direct)
View


2016-11-18Exercise
2016-11-224:45 pm
N/AN/A
Gulf Island Fabrication Inc
GIFI
Chiles William EDirector
6,173
$0
10,173(Direct)
View


2016-11-18Exercise
2016-11-224:45 pm
2016-11-182016-11-18
Gulf Island Fabrication Inc
GIFI
Chiles William EDirector
6,173
$0
10,173(Direct)
View


2016-05-18Option Award
2016-05-2010:23 am
2016-11-182016-11-18
Gulf Island Fabrication Inc
GIFI
Chiles William EDirector
6,173
$0
6,173(Direct)
View


2016-03-24Option Award
2016-03-285:17 pm
N/AN/A
Basic Energy Services Inc
BAS
Chiles William EDirector
10,000
$0
59,000(Direct)
View


2015-10-23Exercise
2015-10-276:21 pm
N/AN/A
Gulf Island Fabrication Inc
GIFI
Chiles William EDirector
2,000
$0
4,000(Direct)
View


2015-10-23Exercise
2015-10-276:21 pm
2015-10-232015-10-23
Gulf Island Fabrication Inc
GIFI
Chiles William EDirector
2,000
$0
4,000(Direct)
View


2015-04-23Option Award
2015-04-243:07 pm
2015-10-232015-10-23
Gulf Island Fabrication Inc
GIFI
Chiles William EDirector
2,000
$0
2,000(Direct)
View


2015-03-18Option Award
2015-03-185:33 pm
N/AN/A
Basic Energy Services Inc
BAS
Chiles William EDirector
10,000
$0
49,000(Direct)
View


2015-02-26Exercise
2015-03-024:39 pm
N/AN/A
Basic Energy Services Inc
BAS
Chiles William EDirector
12,500
$6.98
51,500(Direct)
View


2015-02-26Exercise
2015-03-024:39 pm
N/A2015-03-02
Basic Energy Services Inc
BAS
Chiles William EDirector
12,500
$6.98
51,500(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Mon, 24 Jul 2017 05:13:40 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










William E Chiles | Free Public Records | PublicRecords360
















Login | Register








Search Options




First Name *



Middle Name



Last Name *



City



State

All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 








 


Safe Search


Your search is confidential. William E Chiles will not be notified of your purchase.

 
Related SearchesWm E ChilesBill ChilesWilliam Edmonds ChilesWilliam A ChilesBill E Chiles

Connect With Us











13 Matching Results!




Select a record below to get Complete Report
Aliases
Has lived in
Related to




 


View Details


William E ChilesAge 53

William Wil ChilesL William ChilesLogan William Chiles
San Diego, CAParker Dam, CAChicago, ILScottsdale, AZPalm Desert, CALa Jolla, CAHemet, CA
Desiree ChilesStephen ChilesErika ChilesBill ChilesJudith Chiles


 


View Details


William E ChilesAge 68

William J ChilesWilliam Edmonds ChilesBill E ChilesW E Chiles
Houston, TXAustin, TXAlice, TX
Marion ChilesBrett ChilesJinx ChilesAshley ChilesLois Cleveland


 


View Details


William E ChilesAge 29

Wm E Chiles
Bothell, WAWoodinville, WAOak Harbor, WALynnwood, WAKirkland, WAKenmore, WASnohomish, WA
Deborah Hernandez-chilesMary ChilesMogrey ChilesMarjorie ChilesBilly Chiles


 


View Details


William Edward ChilesAge 46

William A Chiles
Bend, ORMount Vernon, ORForest Grove, ORSherwood, ORPortland, ORHillsboro, OR
Carol PattMarja ChilesJoe Chiles


 


View Details


William Ernest ChilesAge 54


Broomfield, COAurora, CODenver, COHooper, COLa Fayette, CO
Lena ChilesCindy ChilesJulianne ChilesFloyd ChilesSean Chiles


 


View Details


William E ChilesAge 61


Bothell, WAKirkland, WABellingham, WALynnwood, WASnohomish, WALeavenworth, WAOak Harbor, WA
Marjorie ChilesMargaret ChilesMogrey ChilesBilly ChilesDebra Chiles


 


View Details


William E ChilesAge 65


Gainesville, FLHannibal, MOKalamazoo, MIPensacola, FL
Laura HattonRobert ChilesLinda Chiles


 


View Details


William E ChilesAge 74


Garden City, MO
Sarah Chiles


 


View Details


William E ChilesAge 68


Springfield, IL
Beverly Chiles


 


View Details


William Emery Chiles


Compton, CA
Hubert ChilesElla Chiles


 


View Details


William E ChilesAge 73


Marion, OH
Gena Chiles


 


View Details


William E ChilesAge 54

Bill ChilesWilliam E Comiskey
Des Moines, IA
Lance ChilesBradley Chiles


 


View Details


William Emery ChilesAge 77


Los Angeles, CA
Mae ChilesBetty Anderson




 

PublicRecords360
is designed to help you safely find people and learn about others. PublicRecords360
does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual's eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA.
Learn more about FCRA restrictions. By using our website you agree to our Terms
of Service and Privacy Policy.









© copyright 2012 - 2017 PublicRecords360.com

Home

Notes

Terms

Privacy

Contact













