
  CXEE:OTC US Stock Quote - China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc   CXEE:US   OTC US        4.16USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/10/2017     Volume   196    Previous Close   4.16    52Wk Range   3.55 - 35.00                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   196    Previous Close   4.16    52Wk Range   3.55 - 35.00    YTD Return   10.64%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   41.80    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.10    Market Cap (m USD)   262.167    Shares Outstanding  (m)   63.021    Price/Sales (TTM)   24.71    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change -0.54%     Industry Commercial & Professional Services   % Price Change +0.29%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. provides services for garbage-recycling processes.. The Company's technology is used  to upgrade software systems and reconstruct hardware for its clients, and expand the sorting scope and capacity of clients' garbage recycling equipment.    Address  C214. Fitting Integration BuilFazhan Rd to Sugian Gate Sect.Jiangsu Province, 223800China   Phone  86-527-8437-0508   Website   www.cxfee.com     Executives Board Members    Yuan Li  Chairman/CEO    Fan Kuanfu  CFO/Treasurer/Secretary     Show More         


CXEE Annual Cash Flow Statement - China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. Annual Financials



































Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Open in:



Asia Markets
Currencies
US Market Snapshot


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.

                  OTC: CXEE
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 10, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


CXEE

/quotes/zigman/36480831/delayed


$
4.16




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 196
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/36480831/delayed
Previous close

$
			4.16
		


$
				4.16
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$4.16
$4.16










52 week low
52 week high

            $3.55
        

            $4.16
        


















Income Statement


Balance Sheet


Cash Flow Statement


Annual Financials
Quarter Financials




Annual Financials for China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.


View Ratios

Operating Activities



Fiscal year is June-May. All values USD millions.
20122013201420152016
5-year trend




 Net Income before Extraordinaries
(15,620)3.37M2.95M4.61M5.99M


Net Income Growth
-21,692.30%-12.63%56.51%29.94%


Depreciation, Depletion & Amortization
-10,75614,92211,633478,450


Depreciation and Depletion
-10,75614,92211,633478,450


Amortization of Intangible Assets
-----


Deferred Taxes & Investment Tax Credit
-(325,079)335,569--


Deferred Taxes
-(325,079)335,569--


Investment Tax Credit
-----


Other Funds
(985)----


Funds from Operations
(16,605)3.06M3.3M4.62M6.47M


Extraordinaries
-----


Changes in Working Capital
-1.8M102,606833,832(7.72M)


Receivables
----(10.08M)


Accounts Payable
----774,668


Other Assets/Liabilities
-1.85M52,432863,5131.28M


 Net Operating Cash Flow
(16,605)4.86M3.4M5.46M(1.25M)


Net Operating Cash Flow Growth
-29,363.64%-30.03%60.52%-122.86%


Net Operating Cash Flow / Sales
-89.55%72.18%78.01%-5.62%



Investing Activities




20122013201420152016
5-year trend




 Capital Expenditures
-(4,669)(16,612)(4,002)(17.53M)


Capital Expenditures (Fixed Assets)
-(4,669)(16,612)(4,002)(17.53M)


Capital Expenditures (Other Assets)
-----


Capital Expenditures Growth
---255.79%75.91%-438,008.60%


Capital Expenditures / Sales
--0.09%-0.35%-0.06%-79.02%


Net Assets from Acquisitions
-----


Sale of Fixed Assets & Businesses
-----


Purchase/Sale of Investments
-----


Purchase of Investments
-----


Sale/Maturity of Investments
-----


Other Uses
-----


Other Sources
--813,500--


 Net Investing Cash Flow
-(4,669)796,888(4,002)(17.53M)


Net Investing Cash Flow Growth
--17,167.64%-100.50%-438,008.60%


Net Investing Cash Flow / Sales
--0.09%16.92%-0.06%-79.02%





Financing Activities




20122013201420152016
5-year trend




Cash Dividends Paid - Total
-----


Common Dividends
-----


Preferred Dividends
-----


Change in Capital Stock
26,0007M---


Repurchase of Common & Preferred Stk.
-----


Sale of Common & Preferred Stock
26,0007M---


Proceeds from Stock Options
26,0007M---


Other Proceeds from Sale of Stock
-----


Issuance/Reduction of Debt, Net
600181,91673,000124,605-


Change in Current Debt
-181,91673,000124,605-


Change in Long-Term Debt
600----


Issuance of Long-Term Debt
600----


Reduction in Long-Term Debt
-----


Other Funds
-----


Other Uses
-----


Other Sources
-----


 Net Financing Cash Flow
26,6007.18M73,000124,605-


Net Financing Cash Flow Growth
-26,899.68%-98.98%70.69%-


Net Financing Cash Flow / Sales
-132.35%1.55%1.78%-


Exchange Rate Effect
-166,34717,842165,593(1.82M)


Miscellaneous Funds
00000


Net Change in Cash
9,99512.2M4.29M5.74M(20.6M)


 Free Cash Flow
(16,605)4.85M3.38M5.45M(18.78M)


Free Cash Flow Growth
-29,335.52%-30.31%61.19%-444.37%


Free Cash Flow Yield
-----7.63%NA




            Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
        







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:32 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:21aSenate votes against 'skinny' bill to repeal Obamacare
1:43aSenate Majority Leader McConnell re healthcare vote: 'This is a disappointment'
1:41aSenate vote to repeal portions of health care law, known as Obamacare fails
1:31aSenate voting underway over repealing portions of ACA, known as Obamacare
1:26aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
1:22aBaidu posts first profit in three years
1:13aOil pauses ahead of U.S. rig data, after logging nearly 7% gain for the week
1:05aCredit Suisse profit rises, revenue up slightly
1:04aUBS net profit up as revenues inch past forecasts
1:03aAsian stocks tumble on heels of U.S. tech selloff
11:11pScaramucci says Trump’s love of pizza shows he’s not an elitist — 5 ways rich people act humble
11:11pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
11:10pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague in meetings
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
11:04pA provocative new analysis suggests you don’t have to take all your antibiotics after all
9:01pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
8:32pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
8:14pRedfin prices IPO higher than expected for $1.2 billion valuation
8:06pSpaceX valuation jumps to $21 billion on new financing round
7:14pHeadline: Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc. 10-K/A Jan. 25, 2017  3:31 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc. (CXEE)FORM 10-K/A | Amended Annual ReportJan. 25, 2017  3:31 PM|About: China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc. (CXEE)View as PDF

 China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. (Form: 10-K/A, Received: 01/25/2017 15:32:55) 












	 


	 


	UNITED STATES


	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION


	Washington, D.C. 20549


	 


	FORM 10-K/A


	(Amendment No. 3)


	 


	(Mark One)


	 



	☒

	 

	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



	 


	For the fiscal year ended 


	May 31, 2016




	 


	or


	 



	☐

	 

	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



	 


	For the transition period from ___________ to ___________


	 


	Commission file number 

	333-175483



	 




	China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.


	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


	 





	Nevada




	 




	99-0364975






	State or other jurisdiction of



	incorporation or organization




	 




	(I.R.S. Employer



	Identification No.)






	 




	 




	 






	229 Tongda Avenue


	Economic and Technological Development Zone


	Suqian, Jiangsu Province


	People's Republic of China




	 




	 


	 


	223800






	(Address of principal executive offices)




	 




	(Zip Code)






	 


	Registrant's telephone number, including area code: +


	86-527-84370508




	 


	Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 


	None.




	 


	Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:



	None



	 


	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

	☐

	    No 

	☒



	 


	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

	☐

	    No 

	☒



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

	☒

	    No 

	☐



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

	☒

	    No 

	☐



	 


	Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

	☒



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.


	 





	Large accelerated filer




	☐




	Accelerated filer




	☒






	Non-accelerated filer


	(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)




	☐




	Smaller reporting company




	☐





	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

	☐

	    No 

	☒



	 


	State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter: $216,164,672.


	 


	As of August 30, 2016, the registrant had 55,200,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, issued and outstanding.


	 



	Documents Incorporated by Reference:

	None.


	 


	 


	 











	 


	TABLE OF CONTENTS


	 





	 




	 




	Page 






	 




	PART I




	 






	 Item 1A.




	Risk Factor




	2 






	 




	Part II




	 






	Item 9A.




	Controls and Procedures




	14 






	 




	Part III




	 






	Item 12




	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters




	 15






	 




	PART IV




	 






	Item 15.




	Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules




	16 






	 




	 






	 Signatures




	16 





	 


	 














	 


	 


	EXPLANATORY NOTE


	 


	China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. (the "Company") is filing this Amendment No. 3 (the "Amendment No. 3") to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016, filed on August 30, 2016 (the "Original 10-K"), which was subsequently amended on November 15, 2016 and December 28, 2016. Company is filing this Amendment No. 3 to i) provide disclosure in connection with control interest held by Company's President and CEO in the beneficial ownership table and a related risk factor and ii) clarify information regarding management's evaluation of control and procedures over financial reporting.


	 


	In accordance with applicable SEC rules and as required by Rule 12b-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this amendment includes new certifications from our principal executive officer and principal financial officer dated as of the date of filing of this amendment.


	 


	No changes have been made to the Original 10-K and subsequent amendments other than to Item 1A, 9A and 12 to the four certification exhibits. This amendment speaks as of the date of the Original 10-K, does not reflect events that may have occurred after the date of the Original 10-K and does not modify or update in any way the disclosures made in the Original 10-K, except as required to reflect the revisions discussed above. This amendment should be read in conjunction with the Original 10-K, its subsequent amendments and with our filings with the SEC filed subsequent to the filing of the Original 10-K.


	 
















	PART I


	 


	Item 1A.


	 


	Except as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this report to "we," "us," "our," "our Company," or "the Company" are to the combined business of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.





	An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included in this report, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.


	 



	Risks Related to Our Business






	Our failure to effectively compete in the waste processing market may have a material adverse effect on our growth prospects and our ability to generate revenue.





	We currently compete primarily on the basis of our ability to secure contracts with waste processing companies, and local government entities in the Jiangsu Province, China and surrounding areas for the updating of waste processing equipment.  The Company is embarking on an area of growth in licensing the use of our licensed patented technology used in these updates and plans to establish our own waste processing centers.  There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete such expansion without losses or that our competitors will not develop at a faster rate and offer more favorable arrangements to our current and future customers. We expect that we will be required to continue to invest in research and development and building our waste treatment and disposal infrastructure.





	Our competitors include both domestic companies and international companies operating in the waste processing industry in China. Some of these competitors have significantly greater financial and marketing resources and name recognition than that of our Company at this point. As the Chinese government continues to support and encourage the development of the environmentally sound waste processing industry, more domestic and international competitors may enter the market. We believe that the Chinese market for our services is subject to intense regional competition, with a relatively limited number of large competitors. While the Company effectively competes in our current focus of updating waste processing equipment for centers in our primary regional market of Jiangsu Province and surrounding areas, our reach outside this primary market and beyond our current focus has yet to be tested and we will necessarily face new competitors in the other geographic markets into which we plan to expand. If the Chinese government continues to emphasize the spending on environmental protection and continues to allocate funds to our industry, the number of our competitors throughout China, both domestic and foreign companies, will likely increase, so we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against any new or existing competitors, or against any new technologies our competitors may develop or implement.  All of these competitive factors could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and growth prospects.


	 



	The waste processing industry is highly regulated and our business depends on governmental permits and certifications to operate our business, the loss of any of which would have a material adverse impact on our business.


	 


	Only those companies that have been granted operating licenses issued by the PRC central and local governments are permitted to engage in the industrial waste treatment and disposal business in China. Our company is currently fully licensed to carry out our core business of updating and improving waste processing equipment, however, creation of our own waste processing center in the future will require new licenses for which we will apply. The central and local governments of the PRC impose strict requirements on companies regarding the technology which must be employed and the qualifications and training of management employees which must be maintained. While we possess the necessary permits and certifications to operate our business, our regulatory approvals authorizing our operations and activities are subject to periodic review, reassessment and renewal by Chinese authorities.  Standards of compliance necessary to pass such reviews change from time to time and differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, leading to a degree of uncertainty. If our licenses and permits are revoked, substantially modified or not renewed or if additional permits, business licenses or approvals that may become necessary in connection with our business are not granted or are delayed, we may suffer adverse consequences. As a result, the termination or suspension of our licenses to operate would have a material adverse impact on our revenue and business.


	 



	2
















	If we fail to introduce new products or services or our existing products and services do not meet the requirements of our customers, we may not gain or may lose market share.


	 


	Our continued growth is dependent upon our ability to generate increased revenue from our existing customers, obtain new customers and raise capital from outside sources. While our current technology is at the forefront of industry developments, in order to maintain that advantage we will need to continue to pursue innovative solutions to meet our customers' needs. We believe that in order to continue to capture additional market share and generate additional revenue, we will have to raise more capital to fund the construction and installation of new facilities and to obtain additional equipment to collect, process and dispose of industrial waste and recycle waste for our existing and future customers. We anticipate that such funding will be provided through a variety of sources including bank loans, equity financing and net cash flow generated from operations.


	 


	In the future we may be unable to obtain the necessary financing for our capital requirements on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, which may prevent or delay the planned expansion of our service offerings. Our failure to provide new products or services may prevent us from retaining customers or gaining new customers, which may adversely affect our financial position, competitive position, growth and profitability. Our ability to obtain acceptable financing at any time may depend on a number of factors, including, our financial condition and results of operations; the condition of the PRC economy, the industrial waste treatment industry in the PRC, and conditions in relevant financial markets in the United States, PRC and elsewhere in the world.


	 


	The rapid expansion of our business could strain our resources and adversely affect our ability to effectively control and manage our growth.


	 


	If our business and markets grow and develop as planned, it will be necessary for us to finance and manage expansion in an efficient manner. We may face challenges in managing our waste processing equipment updating business over an expanded geographical area as well as managing expanded service offerings, including, among other things, waste processing services and patent licensing. Such eventualities will increase demands on our existing management, workforce and facilities. Failure to satisfy such increased demands could interrupt or adversely affect our operations and cause administrative inefficiencies.


	 


	Waste processing operations can be hazardous and may subject us to civil liabilities as a result of hazards posed by such operations.


	 


	Waste processing operations are subject to potential hazards incident to the gathering, processing and storage of industrial hazardous waste such as explosions, product spills, leaks, emissions and fires. These hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, and pollution or other environmental damage, and may result in the curtailment or suspension of operations at the affected facility. Consequently, we may face civil liabilities in the ordinary course of our business as we update the equipment which performs this process at clients' waste processing plants and as we branch into our own waste processing business. As the environmental protection industry in China is developing, there is no comprehensive insurance available to cover environmental liabilities. Although we have not faced any civil liabilities in the ordinary course of our waste processing equipment updating operations, there is no assurance that we will not face such liabilities in the future. If such liabilities occur in the future, they may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and business prospects.


	 



	Our success depends on our management team and other key personnel, the loss of any of whom could disrupt our business operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and growth prospects

	.


	 



	Our success to date has been largely due to the contributions of our current management team, especially Chairman Li Yuan. The continued success of our business is very much dependent on the experience of the members of our management team and the goodwill that they have developed in the industry to date. As a result, our continued success is dependent, to a large extent, on our ability to retain the services of our management team and key personnel. The loss of the services of any of our management team or key personnel due to resignation, retirement, illness or otherwise without suitable replacement or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel would have a material adverse effect on our operations and may reduce our profitability and the return on your investment. We do not currently maintain key man insurance covering our key personnel.


	 



	3

















	If we fail to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, we may be exposed to intellectual property infringement and the value of our intellectual property rights could diminish.


	 


	If we need to initiate litigation or administrative proceedings to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights, such actions may be costly and may divert management attention as well as expend other resources which could otherwise have been devoted to our business. An adverse determination in any such litigation could impair our intellectual property rights and may harm our business, prospects and reputation. In addition, historically, implementation of PRC intellectual property-related laws has been lacking, primarily because of ambiguities in the PRC laws and difficulties in enforcement. Accordingly, intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in China may not be as effective as in the United States or other countries, which increases the risk that we may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property. Given the relative unpredictability of China's legal system and potential difficulties enforcing a court judgment in China, there is no guarantee that we would be able to halt any unauthorized use of our intellectual property through litigation which may cause us to lose our competitive advantage and adversely affect our business and profitability.



	 



	We may face claims for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights

	.


	 


	We may face claims from third parties with respect to the infringement of any intellectual property rights owned by such third parties. There is no assurance that third parties will not assert claims to our processes, technologies and systems. In such an event, we may need to acquire licenses to, or to contest the validity of, issued or pending patents or claims of third parties. There can be no assurance that any license acquired under such patents would be made available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, or that we would prevail in any such contest. In addition, we would incur substantial costs and spend substantial amounts of time in defending ourselves in or contesting suits brought against us for alleged infringement of another party's patent rights. As such, our operations and business may be adversely affected by such civil actions. We rely on trade secrets, technology and know-how. There can be no assurance that other parties may not obtain knowledge of our trade secrets and processes, technology and systems. Should these events occur, our business would be affected and our profitability affected.


	 



	A significant portion of our revenue is dependent on our improvement and upgrading business.  As our improvement and upgrading business has become dependent on only a limited few customers, such dependency may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.


	 


	Our improvement and upgrading business greatly relies on our ability to maintain and continue to develop our customer base. Our improvement and upgrading business generated revenue from four customers for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016. Should any of our current customers cease to require the use of our service, and if we are unable to grow our customer base on a timely basis, our operations, revenue and profitability could be materially and adversely affected.






	BOT (Build-Operate-Transfer) projects that we may be awarded could be adversely affected by cost overruns, project delays and/or incorrect estimation of project costs.


	 


	The Company is establishing its own waste processing centers as an extension of its current business.  However, any future BOT projects we may be awarded will require us to incur high up-front expenditures.  Therefore, it is important that we manage such projects efficiently in terms of time, procurement of materials and allocation of resources. If our initial cost estimates are incorrect or delays occur in a project resulting in cost overruns, the profitability of that project could be adversely affected. Cost overruns due to additional rectification work and delays in completion of projects or delivery of waste to our new processing centers would adversely affect our profitability. We may also face potential liability from legal suits brought against us by our government customers for causing loss due to any delay in completing a project. In addition, we may also face potential liability from legal suits brought against us by our customers who have suffered loss due to such mismanagement or mistakes. This would also adversely affect our profitability and financial position.





	4

















	Substantially all of our business operations are concentrated in Jiangsu and surrounding areas, and expose us to regional economic or market declines.


	 


	Substantially all of our revenues are generated from Jiangsu, China. Our current customer base is comprised of companies located in Jiangsu and surrounding areas. As a result, any adverse economic developments in Jiangsu could affect regional waste generation rates and demand for waste processing services which we plan to provide in the future or waste processing equipment upgrades which we currently provide to waste processing centers in Jiangsu. In addition, adverse market developments caused by increased waste disposal capacity from our competitors in this region could adversely affect waste disposal pricing. While one of our main growth strategies is to expand into other geographic markets in China, the occurrence of any adverse economic developments in Jiangsu and surrounding areas could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and growth prospects.






	Through agreements with a group of shareholders, our President and CEO has control over majority interest of the Company.






	In April 2013, our President and CEO Mr. Li Yuan entered into written authorization agreements with 19 shareholders of the Company, which gave him investing and dispositive power of the shares held by these individuals and control of 50.24% of the total voting ownership. In January 2016, Mr. Yuan entered into similar agreements with 53 additional shareholders that provided Mr. Yuan with control to a total voting ownership of 50.31% as of August 30, 2016.  Mr. Yuan is able to exercise control over all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. He also has significant control over our management and policies and will be able to significantly influence decisions affecting our capital structure. This control may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in management, or limiting the ability of our other shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in Company's best interest.


	 


	We are subject to risks relating to expanding into other geographic markets in China outside of our principal market of Jiangsu.


	 


	To take advantage of industrialization outside of Jiangsu and to expand our service offerings to other geographic markets, we plan to establish centers for waste processing both within Jiangsu and expanding into other areas of the country. We intend to build and operate waste treatment facilities gradually.



	 


	Expansion into new geographic markets will require us to comply with rules and regulations of the applicable local government, and to address certain business issues particular to each market depending on the development and demand of customers within that market. As a result, there may be a significant period of time before any facility that we construct develops a consistent revenue stream. Accordingly, any delays or interruptions in implementing our expansion strategy or our business operations outside of Jiangsu may have a material adverse effect on our growth prospects, profitability and financial condition.


	 


	Relaxed enforcement of PRC environmental laws and governmental approvals and non-compliance by new and existing customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and growth prospects.


	 


	Companies operating in the waste treatment and disposal industry are subject to China's national Environmental Protection Law as well as a number of other national and local laws and regulations governing air, water, noise pollution and establishing pollutant discharge standards. In addition, such companies are subject to stringent licensing and certification requirements imposed by the PRC Ministry of Environmental Protection and the provincial environmental bureaus, which has created high barriers to entry for potential market participants.  However, the urbanization and industrialization from China's rapid economic growth has created an increased need for waste treatment services from solid waste disposal to sewage and sludge treatment. In order to help meet the demand for such services, the central government may not strictly enforce the compliance with environmental laws and relax certain conditions to gaining governmental licensing and approvals.  If such an event were to occur, there would be more competitors to our business operations and customers may turn to less expensive competitors for their waste disposal needs, which in turn, would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and grow prospects.










	5















	 

	Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our business and the value of our securities



	 




	The value of our common stock will be indirectly affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and the RMB and between those currencies and other currencies in which our sales may be denominated. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RMB relative to the U.S. dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations. Fluctuations in the exchange rate will also affect the relative value of any dividend we issue that will be exchanged into U.S. dollars as well as earnings from, and the value of, any U.S. dollar-denominated investments we make in the future.


	 


	Since July 2005, the RMB is no longer pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the People's Bank of China regularly intervenes in the foreign exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate, the RMB may appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover, it is possible that in the future PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market. In August 2015, the PRC Government devalued its currency by approximately 3%.


	 


	Very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition, our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies.



	 



	Under the New Income Tax Law, enterprises established outside the PRC whose "de facto management bodies" are located in the PRC are considered "resident enterprises" and their global income will generally be subject to the uniform 25% enterprise income tax rate. On December 6, 2007, the PRC State Council promulgated the Implementation Regulations on the New Income Tax Law (the "Implementation Regulations"), which define "de facto management bodies" as bodies that have material and overall management control over the business, personnel, accounts and properties of an enterprise. In addition, a recent circular issued by the State Administration of Taxation on April 22, 2009 provides that a foreign enterprise controlled by a PRC company or a PRC company group will be classified as a "resident enterprise" with its "de facto management bodies" located within the PRC if the following requirements are satisfied:






	 






	(i)    




	the senior management and core management departments in charge of its daily operations function mainly in the PRC;






	 




	 






	(ii)     




	its financial and human resources decisions are subject to determination or approval by persons or bodies in the PRC;






	 




	 






	(iii)      




	its major assets, accounting books, company seals, and minutes and files of its board and shareholders' meetings are located or kept in the PRC; and






	 




	 






	(iv)       




	more than half of the enterprise's directors or senior management with voting rights reside in the PRC.






	 






	6



















	Because the EIT Law, its implementing rules and the recent circular are relatively new, no official interpretation or application of this new "resident enterprise" classification is available. Therefore, it is unclear how tax authorities will determine tax residency based on the facts of each case.


	 


	If the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a "resident enterprise" for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow. First, we may be subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income as well as PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. In our case, this would mean that non-China source income would be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Second, although under the EIT Law and its implementing rules dividends paid to us from our PRC subsidiary would qualify as "tax-exempt income," we cannot guarantee that such dividends will not be subject to a 10% withholding tax, as the PRC foreign exchange control authorities, which enforce the withholding tax, have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound remittances to entities that are treated as resident enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. Finally, it is possible that future guidance issued with respect to the new "resident enterprise" classification could result in a situation in which a 10% withholding tax is imposed on dividends we pay to our non-PRC stockholders and with respect to gains derived by our non-PRC stockholders from transferring our shares.


	 


	We do not carry business interruption insurance so we could incur unrecoverable losses if our business is interrupted


	 


	We are subject to risk inherent to our business, including equipment failure, theft, natural disasters, industrial accidents, labor disturbances, business interruptions, property damage, product liability, personal injury and death. We do not carry any business interruption insurance or third-party liability insurance or other insurance to cover risks associated with our business. As a result, if we suffer losses, damages or liabilities, including those caused by natural disasters or other events beyond our control and we are unable to make a claim against a third party, we will be required to bear all such losses from our own funds, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


	 


	We will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives.


	 


	As a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We will be subject to the reporting and other requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Protection Act. These rules and regulations will require, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition and establish and maintain effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. We expect these rules and regulations to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives.


	 


	We qualify as an "emerging growth company" under the jobs act of 2012


	 


	We are an "emerging growth company," as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an "emerging growth company," we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to "emerging growth companies," including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an "emerging growth company" for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a "large accelerated filer" as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period.



	 






	7
















	In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an "emerging growth company" can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an "emerging growth company" can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period provided above and therefore our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.


	 


	Because of the exemptions from various reporting requirements provided to us as an "emerging growth company," we may be less attractive to investors and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when we need it. Investors may be unable to compare our business with other companies in our industry if they believe that our reports are not as transparent as other companies in our industry. If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

	 



	 



	Risks Related to Doing Business in the PRC




	 


	We face the risk that changes in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the PRC and the profitability of such business.


	 



	The PRC's economy is in a transition from a planned economy to a market oriented economy subject to five-year and annual plans adopted by the central government that set national economic development goals. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on the economic conditions of the PRC. The PRC government has confirmed that economic development will follow the model of a market economy. Under this direction, we believe that the PRC will continue to strengthen its economic and trading relationships with foreign countries and business development in the PRC will follow market forces. While we believe that this trend will continue, we cannot assure you that this will be the case. A change in policies by the PRC government could adversely affect our interests by, among other factors: changes in laws, regulations or the interpretation thereof, confiscatory taxation, restrictions on currency conversion, imports or sources of supplies, or the expropriation or nationalization of private enterprises. Although the PRC government has been pursuing economic reform policies for more than two decades, we cannot assure you that the government will continue to pursue such policies or that such policies may not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances affecting the PRC's political, economic and social environment.


	 



	Introduction of new laws or changes to existing laws by the PRC government may adversely affect our business

	.



	 


	The PRC legal system is a codified legal system made up of written laws, regulations, circulars, administrative directives and internal guidelines. Unlike common law jurisdictions like the U.S., decided cases (which may be taken as reference) do not form part of the legal structure of the PRC and thus have no binding effect on subsequent cases with similar issues and fact patterns. Furthermore, in line with its transformation from a centrally-planned economy to a more free market-oriented economy, the PRC government is still in the process of developing a comprehensive set of laws and regulations. As the legal system in the PRC is still evolving, laws and regulations or the interpretation of the same may be subject to further changes. For example, the PRC government may impose restrictions on the amount of service fees that may be payable by municipal governments to wastewater and sludge treatment service providers. Also, the PRC central and municipal governments may impose more stringent environmental regulations which would affect our ability to comply with, or our costs to comply with, such regulations. Such changes, if implemented, may adversely affect our business operations and may reduce our profitability.






	 


	8

















	The PRC laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain. Any changes in such PRC laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business.


	 


	There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing our business, or the enforcement and performance of our arrangements with customers in the event of the imposition of statutory liens, death, bankruptcy and criminal proceedings. We are required to comply with PRC laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are sometimes vague and may be subject to future changes, and their official interpretation and enforcement may involve substantial uncertainty. The effectiveness of newly enacted laws, regulations or amendments may be delayed, resulting in detrimental reliance by foreign investors. New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. We cannot predict what effect the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws or regulations may have on our operations, financial condition, and business prospects. 







	A slowdown or other adverse developments in the PRC economy or other major economies all over the world may have a material adverse effect on our customers' demand for our services and our business. A slowdown in the economic growth in the PRC has recently occurred.


	 


	All of our revenues are currently generated in the PRC where all of our business operations are conducted. Because there are signs that the growth of PRC economy has slowed down over the last few years, we cannot assure you that such growth will continue. Moreover, China enjoys an export-oriented economy and it relies on external demand. The industrial waste treatment industry in the PRC is relatively new and growing, but we do not know how sensitive we are to a slowdown in economic growth or other adverse changes in the PRC economy which may affect demand for our products and services. A slowdown in overall economic growth, an economic downturn or recession or other adverse economic developments in the PRC or other major economies all over the world may materially reduce the demand for our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 



	 



	Inflation in the PRC could negatively affect our profitability and growth.


	 


	While the PRC economy has experienced rapid growth, such growth has been uneven among various sectors of the economy and in different geographical areas of the country. Rapid economic growth can lead to growth in the money supply and rising inflation. In order to control inflation in the past, the PRC government has imposed controls on bank credits, limits on loans for fixed assets and restrictions on state bank lending. Such an austere policy can lead to a slowing of economic growth, which may have an adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition.



	 


	Governmental control of currency conversion may affect the value of your investment.


	 



	The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of Renminbi, or RMB, into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of the PRC. We receive all of our revenues in RMB, which is currently not a freely convertible currency. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict our ability to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay expenses and dividends, or otherwise satisfy foreign currency dominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from the transaction, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, approval from appropriate governmental authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of the PRC to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies.


	 


	The PRC government also may at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay certain of our expenses as they come due.


	 



	9
















	The fluctuation of RMB may materially and adversely affect your investment.


	 



	The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in the PRC's political and economic conditions. As we rely entirely on revenues earned in the PRC, any significant revaluation of RMB may materially and adversely affect our cash flows, revenues and financial condition. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from an offering of our securities into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar could cause the RMB equivalent of U.S. dollars to be reduced and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making dividend payments on our common stock or for other business purposes and the U.S. dollar appreciates against the RMB, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the RMB we convert would be reduced. In addition, the depreciation of significant U.S. dollar denominated assets could result in a change to our operations and a reduction in the value of these assets. In August 2015, the PRC government devalued the currency by approximately 3%. The impact of this devaluation is not currently determinable.


	 


	Because our principal assets are located outside of the United States and all of our directors and all our officers reside outside of the United States, it may be difficult for you to enforce your rights based on U.S. Federal Securities Laws against us and our officers and directors or to enforce a judgment of a United States court against us or our officers and directors in the PRC.



	 


	All of our directors and officers reside outside of the United States. In addition, substantially all of our assets are located outside of the United States. It may therefore be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. Federal securities laws against us in the courts of either the U.S. or the PRC and, even if civil judgments are obtained in U.S. courts, to enforce such judgments in PRC courts. Further, it is unclear if extradition treaties now in effect between the United States and the PRC would permit effective enforcement against us or our officers and directors of criminal penalties, under the U.S. Federal securities laws or otherwise.


	 


	Adverse changes in economic and political policies of the PRC government could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China, which could adversely affect our business.


	 


	Substantially all of our business operations are conducted in China. Accordingly, our results of operations, financial condition and prospects are subject to a significant degree to economic, political and legal developments in China. China's economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including with respect to the amount of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, and control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources.


	 


	Since the adoption of the "open door policy" in 1978 and the "socialist market economy" in 1993, the PRC government has been reforming and is expected to continue to reform its economic and political systems. Any changes in the political or economic policy of the PRC government may lead to changes in the laws and regulations or the interpretation of the same, as well as changes in the foreign exchange regulations, taxation and import and export restrictions, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance. While the current policy of the PRC government seems to be one of imposing economic reform policies to encourage foreign investments and greater economic decentralization, there is no assurance that such a policy will continue to prevail in the future.


	 


	While the PRC economy has experienced significant growth in the past 30 years, growth has been uneven across different regions and among various economic sectors of China. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic development and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures benefit the overall PRC economy, but may also have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable to us. Since early 2004, the PRC government has implemented certain measures to control the pace of economic growth. Such measures may cause a decrease in the level of economic activity in China, including the manufacturing output of our customers, which, in turn, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and business prospects. The growth rate of the PRC economy has recently beguns to slowdown.






	 


	10
















	Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Chinese anti-corruption laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.


	 


	We are required to comply with China's anti-corruption laws and the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits U.S. companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. In addition, we are required to maintain records that accurately and fairly represent our transactions and have an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Foreign companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject to these prohibitions. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time-to-time in mainland China. If our competitors engage in these practices, they may receive preferential treatment from some companies, giving our competitors an advantage in securing business or from government officials who might give them priority in obtaining new licenses, which would put us at a disadvantage. Although we inform our personnel that such practices are illegal, we cannot assure you that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our brand and reputation, our sales activities or the price of our ordinary shares could be adversely affected if we become the target of any negative publicity as a result of actions taken by our employees or other agents.





	We do not have liability business interruption, litigation or natural disaster insurance.


	 


	The insurance industry in China is still at an early stage of development. In particular PRC insurance companies offer limited business products. As a result, we do not have any business liability, disruption insurance or any other forms of insurance coverage for our operations in China. Any potential liability, business interruption, litigation or natural disaster may result in our business incurring substantial costs and the diversion of resources.


	 


	Restrictions under PRC law on our PRC subsidiary's ability to make dividends and other distributions could materially and adversely affect our ability to grow, make investments or complete acquisitions that could benefit our business, pay dividends to you, and otherwise fund and conduct our businesses.


	 


	Substantially all of our revenues are earned by our PRC subsidiary. However, PRC regulations restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiary to make dividend and other payments to its offshore parent company. PRC legal restrictions permit payments of dividend by our PRC subsidiary only out of its accumulated after-tax profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Our PRC subsidiary is also required under PRC laws and regulations to allocate at least 10% of our annual after-tax profits determined in accordance with PRC GAAP to a statutory general reserve fund until the amounts in said fund reaches 50% of our registered capital. Allocations to these statutory reserve funds can only be used for specific purposes and are not transferable to us in the form of loans, advances or cash dividends. Any limitations on the ability of our PRC subsidiary to transfer funds to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends and otherwise fund and conduct our business. 







	 






	11
















	Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the Foreign Exchange Registration for Oversea Investment and Return Investment by PRC resident.


	 



	In October 2005, SAFE issued the Notice on Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange Control over Financing and Return Investment Through Special Purpose Companies by Residents Inside China, generally referred to as Circular 75, which required PRC residents to register with the local SAFE branch before establishing or acquiring control over an offshore special purpose company, or SPV, for the purpose of engaging in an equity financing outside of China on the strength of domestic PRC assets originally held by those residents. Internal implementing guidelines issued by SAFE, which became public in June 2007 (known as Notice 106), expanded the reach of Circular 75 by (1) purporting to cover the establishment or acquisition of control by PRC residents of offshore entities which merely acquire "control" over domestic companies or assets, even in the absence of legal ownership; (2) adding requirements relating to the source of the PRC resident's funds used to establish or acquire the offshore entity; covering the use of existing offshore entities for offshore financings; (3) purporting to cover situations in which an offshore SPV establishes a new subsidiary in China or acquires an unrelated company or unrelated assets in China; and (4) making the domestic affiliate of the SPV responsible for the accuracy of certain documents which must be filed in connection with any such registration, notably, the business plan which describes the overseas financing and the use of proceeds.  Amendments to registrations made under Circular 75 are required in connection with any increase or decrease of capital, transfer of shares, mergers and acquisitions, equity investment or creation of any security interest in any assets located in China to guarantee offshore obligations, and Notice 106 makes the offshore SPV jointly responsible for these filings. In the case of an SPV which was established, and which acquired a related domestic company or assets, before the implementation date of Circular 75, a retroactive SAFE registration was required to have been completed before March 31, 2006; this date was subsequently extended indefinitely by Notice 106, which also required that the registrant establish that all foreign exchange transactions undertaken by the SPV and its affiliates were in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  Failure to comply with the requirements of Circular 75, as applied by SAFE in accordance with Notice 106, may result in fines and other penalties under PRC laws for evasion of applicable foreign exchange restrictions. Any such failure could also result in the SPV's affiliates being impeded or prevented from distributing their profits and the proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to the SPV, or from engaging in other transfers of funds into or out of China.


	We have advised our shareholders who are PRC residents, as defined in Circular 75, to register with the relevant branch of SAFE, as currently required, in connection with their equity interests in us and our acquisitions of equity interests in our PRC subsidiary and affiliate. However, we cannot provide any assurances that their existing registrations have fully complied with, and they have made all necessary amendments to their registration to fully comply with, all applicable registrations or approvals required by Circular 75. Moreover, because of uncertainty over how Circular 75 will be interpreted and implemented, and how or whether SAFE will apply it to us, we cannot predict how it will affect our business operations or future strategies. For example, our present and prospective PRC subsidiary's and affiliate's ability to conduct foreign exchange activities, such as the remittance of dividends and foreign currency-denominated borrowings, may be subject to compliance with Circular 75 by our PRC resident beneficial holders. In addition, such PRC residents may not always be able to complete the necessary registration procedures required by Circular 75. We also have little control over either our present or prospective direct or indirect shareholders or the outcome of such registration procedures. A failure by our PRC resident beneficial holders or future PRC resident shareholders to comply with Circular 75, if SAFE requires it, could subject these PRC resident beneficial holders to fines or legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our subsidiary's and affiliate's ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects.



	 



	Risks Related to Our VIE Agreements




	 


	The PRC government may determine that the VIE Agreements are not in compliance with applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations.


	 



	Baichuang Consulting provides support and consulting services to Jiangsu Xuefeng pursuant to the VIE Contractual Agreements.  Almost all economic benefits and risks arising from Jiangsu Xuefeng's operations are transferred to Baichuang Consulting under these agreements.  Details of the VIE Agreements are set out in "DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS – Contractual Arrangements with our Controlled Affiliate and its Shareholders" above.


	 


	There are risks involved with the operation of our business in reliance on the VIE Agreements, including the risk that the VIE Agreements may be determined by PRC regulators or courts to be unenforceable.  Our PRC counsel has provided a legal opinion that the VIE Agreements are binding and enforceable under PRC law, but has further advised that if the VIE Agreements were for any reason determined to be in breach of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, the relevant regulatory authorities would have broad discretion in dealing with such breach, including:


	 


	12






















	      ●




	imposing economic penalties;









	 





	      ●




	discontinuing or restricting the operations of Baichuang Consulting or Jiangsu Xuefeng;









	 





	      ●




	imposing conditions or requirements in respect of the VIE Agreements with which Baichuang Consulting or Jiangsu Xuefeng may not be able to comply;









	 





	      ●




	requiring our company to restructure the relevant ownership structure or operations;









	 





	      ●




	taking other regulatory or enforcement actions that could adversely affect our company's business; and









	 





	      ●




	revoking the business licenses and/or the licenses or certificates of Jiangsu Xuefeng, and/or voiding the VIE Agreements.






	 







	Any of these actions could adversely affect our ability to manage, operate and gain the financial benefits of Jiangsu Xuefeng, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


	 


	Our ability to control Jiangsu Xuefeng under the VIE Agreements may not be as effective as direct ownership.


	 


	We conduct our business in the PRC and currently generate virtually all of our revenues through the VIE Agreements. Our plans for future growth are based substantially on growing the operations of Jiangsu Xuefeng.  However, the VIE Agreements may not be as effective in providing us with control over Jiangsu Xuefeng as direct ownership.  The VIE Agreements do not provide us with day-to-day control over the operations of Jiangsu Xuefeng.  Under the current VIE arrangements, as a legal matter, if Jiangsu Xuefeng fails to perform its obligations under these contractual arrangements, we may have to (i) incur substantial costs and resources to enforce such arrangements, and (ii) rely on legal remedies under PRC law, which we cannot be sure would be effective. Therefore, if we are unable to effectively control Jiangsu Xuefeng, it may have an adverse effect on our ability to achieve our business objectives and grow our revenues.







	As the VIE Agreements are governed by PRC law, we would be required to rely on PRC law to enforce our rights and remedies under them; PRC law may not provide us with the same rights and remedies as are available in contractual disputes governed by the laws of other jurisdictions.


	 


	The VIE Agreements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution of disputes through the jurisdiction of the courts in the PRC.  If Jiangsu Xuefeng or its shareholders fail to perform the obligations under the VIE Agreements, we would be required to resort to legal remedies available under PRC law, including seeking specific performance or injunctive relief, or claiming damages. We cannot be sure that such remedies would provide us with effective means of causing Jiangsu Xuefeng or its shareholders to meet their obligations, or recovering any losses or damages as a result of non-performance. Further, the legal environment in China is not as developed as in other jurisdictions. Uncertainties in the application of various laws, rules, regulations or policies in PRC legal system could limit our liability to enforce the VIE Agreements and protect our interests.


	 


	The payment arrangement under the VIE Agreements may be challenged by the PRC tax authorities.


	 


	We generate our revenues through the payments we receive pursuant to the VIE Agreements. Currently, all of our operations reside in the VIE which is required to pay our wholly owned subsidiary, Baichuang Consulting 95% of their earnings, as defined, plus a monthly consulting fee of RMB 100,000(approximately U.S.$16,000).  We could face adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities determine that the VIE Agreements were not entered into based on arm's length negotiations. For example, PRC tax authorities may adjust our income and expenses for PRC tax purposes which could result in our being subject to higher taxes, or cause other adverse financial consequences.









	13



















	Item 9A. Control and Procedures.


	(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures





	Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), the Company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company's CEO and CFO concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of May 31, 2016 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the Company's CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.





	(b) Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting





	Management, including our CEO and CFO, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a – 15(f).  Management conducted an assessment as of May 31, 2016 of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in 

	Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)

	 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO").  Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of May 31, 2016. In addition, the Company had a material weakness with respect to its internal controls over financial reporting because it did not have a sufficient number of personnel to provide for adequate segregation of duties and independent review and approval of specific transactions. The Company also lacked a sufficient number of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge and experience of generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP).


	 


	Our management has identified the following steps to address the above material weakness:


	 


	(1) We have been working with a financial accountant to assist us in preparing our financial statements in accordance with US GAAP standards and SEC rules and regulations.


	 


	(2) We intend to hire, as needed, key accounting personnel with technical accounting expertise and reorganize the finance department to ensure that accounting personnel with adequate experience, skills and knowledge relating to complex, non-routine transactions are directly involved in the review and accounting evaluation of our complex, non-routine transactions.


	 


	Neither this Amendment No. 3 nor the Original 10-K and its subsequent amendments include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management's report in this Amendment No. 3 or the Original 10-K and its subsequent amendments.






	(c) Changes in Internal Controls






	There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the latest fiscal quarter or year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 





	14




















	PART III







	Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters


	 


	The following table sets forth, as of the date hereof, information with respect to the securities holdings of (i) our officers and directors, and (ii) all persons which, pursuant to filings with the SEC and our stock transfer records, we have reason to believe may be deemed the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of the Common Stock. The securities "beneficially owned" by an individual are determined in accordance with the definition of "beneficial ownership" set forth in the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and, accordingly, may include securities owned by or for, among others, the spouse and/or minor children of an individual and any other relative who resides in the same home as such individual, as well as other securities as to which the individual has or shares voting or investment power or which each person has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of options or otherwise. Beneficial ownership may be disclaimed as to certain of the securities.  Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of the Company, 229 Tongda Avenue, Economic and Technological Development Zone, Suqian, Jiangsu Province, P.R. China 223800.


	 







	Name and Address of Beneficial Owner




	 




	Amount


	and Nature


	of Beneficial


	Ownership


	(1)




	 




	 




	Percentage


	of Class


	(2)




	 






	Officers and Directors




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Li Yuan (3)




	 




	 




	27,771,120




	 




	 




	 




	50.31




	%






	Yi Yuan (3)




	 




	 




	2,526,400




	 




	 




	 




	4.58




	%






	Xiaojun Zhuang




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	%






	Kuanfu Fan




	 




	 




	50,000




	 




	 




	 




	0.091




	%






	All directors and executive officers as a group (4 persons)




	 




	 




	27,821,120




	 




	 




	 




	50.40




	%






	5% Shareholders




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	None. 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 





	(1)




	Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights.






	 




	 






	(2)




	Based on 55,200,000 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of August 30, 2016






	 




	 






	(3)




	In April 2013, Mr. Li Yuan entered into written authorization agreements with 19 shareholders of the Company, which gave him investing and dispositive power of the shares held by these individuals and control of 50.24% of the total voting ownership. In January 2016, Mr. Yuan entered into similar agreements with 53 additional shareholders that provided Mr. Yuan with control to a total voting ownership of 50.31% as of August 30, 2016.





	 


	15


















	PART IV


	 




	Item 15. Exhibits


	 


	(a) Exhibits


	 







	Exhibit Number




	 




	Description






	 




	 




	 






	31.1*




	 




	Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






	31.2*




	 




	Certifications of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






	32.1+




	 




	Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






	32.2+




	 




	Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






	 





	*




	Filed herewith






	+




	In accordance with the SEC Release 33-8238, deemed being furnished and not filed.







	 


	 




	SIGNATURES


	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


	 





	 




	CHINA XUEFENG ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING INC.






	 




	 






	Dated: January 25, 2017




	By:




	/s/ Li Yuan






	 




	 




	Li Yuan






	 




	 




	Chief Executive Officer 



	(Principal Executive Officer)






	 




	 




	 






	Dated: January 25, 2017




	By:




	/s/ Kuanfu Fan






	 




	 




	Kuanfu Fan






	 




	 




	Chief Financial Officer 



	(Principal Accounting Officer)





	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


	 





	Name




	 




	Title




	 




	Date






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ 

	Li Yuan





	 




	Chief Executive Officer and




	 




	January 25, 2017






	Li Yuan




	 




	Chairman of the Board of Directors


	(Principal Executive Officer)




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ 

	Kuanfu Fan





	 




	Chief Financial Officer




	 




	January 25, 2017 






	Kuanfu Fan




	 




	(Principal Accounting Officer)




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ 

	Yi Yuan





	 




	 Director




	 




	January 25, 2017






	Yi Yuan




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ 

	Xiaojun Zhuang





	 




	Director




	 




	 January 25, 2017







	 


	 



	16










	Exhibit 31.1








	CERTIFICATION OF


	PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER


	PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)


	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF


	THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


	 







	I, Li Yuan, certify that:






	1. I have reviewed this Amendment No. 3 to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. (the "Registrant"):





	2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;





	3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;





	4. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:





	a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;





	b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;





	c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





	d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and





	5. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):





	a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and





	b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting.








	Dated: January 25, 2017




	By:




	/s/ 

	Li Yuan







	 




	 




	Li Yuan






	 




	 




	Chief Executive Officer


	(Principal Executive Officer)













	Exhibit 31.2








	CERTIFICATION OF


	PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER


	PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)


	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF


	THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002






	I, Kuanfu Fan, certify that:





	1. I have reviewed this Amendment No.3 to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. (the "Registrant"):





	2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;





	3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;





	4. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:





	a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;





	b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;





	c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





	d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and





	5. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):





	a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and





	b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting.








	Dated: January 25, 2017




	By:




	/s/ 

	Kuanfu Fan







	 




	 




	Kuanfun Fan






	 




	 




	Chief Financial Officer


	(Principal Accounting Officer)













	Exhibit 32.1








	CERTIFICATION OF


	PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER


	PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906


	OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT of 2002







	In connection with the Amendment No. 3 to the Annual Report of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K/A for the year ended May 31, 2016 (the "Report"), I, Li Yuan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:





	1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and





	2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.









	Dated: January 25, 2017




	By:




	/s/ 

	Li Yuan







	 




	 




	Li Yuan






	 




	 




	Chief Executive Officer


	(Principal Executive Officer)













	Exhibit 32.2






	PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER


	PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906


	OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT of 2002


	 



	In connection with the Amendment No. 3 to the Annual Report of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K/A for the year ended May 31, 2016 (the "Report"), I, Kuanfu Fan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:






	1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and





	2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.









	Dated: January 25, 2017




	By:




	/s/ 

	Kuanfu Fan







	 




	 




	Kuanfu Fan






	 




	 




	Chief Financial Officer


	(Principal Accounting Officer)



















    CXEE Key Statistics - China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Open in:



Asia Markets
Currencies
US Market Snapshot


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.

                  OTC: CXEE
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 10, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


CXEE

/quotes/zigman/36480831/delayed


$
4.16




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 196
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/36480831/delayed
Previous close

$
			4.16
		


$
				4.16
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$4.16
$4.16










52 week low
52 week high

            $3.55
        

            $4.16
        

















			Company Description 


			China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc. engages in the improvement and upgrading of garbage recycling processing technology and equipment. Its services includes waste digestion pretreatment system, methane gas power generation system, sorting processing system, bricklaying building system, lea...
		


                China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc. engages in the improvement and upgrading of garbage recycling processing technology and equipment. Its services includes waste digestion pretreatment system, methane gas power generation system, sorting processing system, bricklaying building system, leachate treatment system, distribution control system, XFET-5 ecological and water-saving toilets and excrement comprehensive processing system, and various material collection systems. The company was founded on March 30, 2011 and is headquartered in Jiangsu, China.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
61.00


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
63.41


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
44.60


Price to Sales Ratio
11.10


Price to Book Ratio
9.34


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
46.87


Enterprise Value to Sales
36.64


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.00

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
693,347.00


Income Per Employee
177,925.00


Receivables Turnover
10.64


Total Asset Turnover
0.72

Liquidity

Current Ratio
2.41


Quick Ratio
2.41


Cash Ratio
1.13



Profitability

Gross Margin
43.23


Operating Margin
34.30


Pretax Margin
36.20


Net Margin
25.66


Return on Assets
18.43


Return on Equity
23.35


Return on Total Capital
22.95


Return on Invested Capital
23.35

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
1.82


Total Debt to Total Capital
1.79


Total Debt to Total Assets
1.36





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Li  Yuan 
42
2012
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer



Mr. Kuanfu  Fan 
42
2012
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer



Mr. Yi  Yuan 
48
2012
Director



Mr. Xiaojun  Zhuang 
40
2012
Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/cxee

      MarketWatch News on CXEE
    
No News currently available for CXEE





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/cxee

      Other News on CXEE
    




 10-Q: CHINA XUEFENG ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING INC.
6:22 p.m. Jan. 17, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: CHINA XUEFENG ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING INC.
5:18 p.m. Oct. 17, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: CHINA XUEFENG ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING INC.
4:15 p.m. Aug. 30, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc.
C214. Fitting Integration Building
Fazhan Road to Sugian Gate Section

Jiangsu, Jiangsu 223800




Phone
86 52784370508


Industry
Environment/Waste Management


Sector
Business/Consumer Services


Fiscal Year-end
05/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$22.19M


Net Income
$5.69M


2016 Sales Growth 
217.1%


Employees

        32.00


Annual Report for CXEE











/news/pressrelease/company/us/cxee

      Press Releases on CXEE
    
No News currently available for CXEE







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:32 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:21aSenate votes against 'skinny' bill to repeal Obamacare
1:43aSenate Majority Leader McConnell re healthcare vote: 'This is a disappointment'
1:41aSenate vote to repeal portions of health care law, known as Obamacare fails
1:31aSenate voting underway over repealing portions of ACA, known as Obamacare
1:26aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
1:22aBaidu posts first profit in three years
1:13aOil pauses ahead of U.S. rig data, after logging nearly 7% gain for the week
1:05aCredit Suisse profit rises, revenue up slightly
1:04aUBS net profit up as revenues inch past forecasts
1:03aAsian stocks tumble on heels of U.S. tech selloff
11:11pScaramucci says Trump’s love of pizza shows he’s not an elitist — 5 ways rich people act humble
11:11pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
11:10pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague in meetings
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
11:04pA provocative new analysis suggests you don’t have to take all your antibiotics after all
9:01pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
8:32pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
8:14pRedfin prices IPO higher than expected for $1.2 billion valuation
8:06pSpaceX valuation jumps to $21 billion on new financing round
7:14pHeadline: Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





























































China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. 10-k/a - Form 10 K Annual Report - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > CHINA XUEFENG ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING INC. 10-K/A

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. 10-k/a
Form 10 K Annual Report



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves CHINA XUEFENG ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING INC.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: CHINA XUEFENG ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING INC. 10-K/A Date: 11/15/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










     


 


 

 

 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 

FORM
10-K/A

(Amendment
No. 1)

 

(Mark
One)

 

☒
 
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

For the
fiscal year ended  May 31, 2016

 

or

 

☐
 
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

For the
transition period from ___________ to ___________

 

Commission
file number  333-175483

 


China
Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 




Nevada



99-0364975





State or
other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization



(I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.)





 



 





229
Tongda Avenue

Economic
and Technological Development Zone

Suqian,
Jiangsu Province

People's
Republic of China



 

 

223800





(Address
of principal executive offices)



(Zip
Code)




 

Registrant's
telephone number, including area code: +
86-527-84370508

 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
None.

 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange
Act:

None

 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
☐
    No 
☒

 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes  ☐
    No 
☒

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes  ☒
    No 
☐

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). Yes 
☒
    No 
☐

  

 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  ☒

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated
filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

 




Large
accelerated filer



☐



Accelerated
filer



☑





Non-accelerated
filer

(Do not
check if a smaller reporting company)



☐



Smaller
reporting company



☐




 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  ☐
    No 
☒

 

State the
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity
held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price
of such common equity, as of the last business day of the
registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter:
$216,164,672.

 

As of
August 30, 2016, the registrant had 55,200,000 shares of
common stock, par value $0.001 per share, issued and
outstanding.

 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None.

  

 

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

 




 



 



Page 





 



PART
I



 





 



 



 





Item
1.



Business



 3





 



 



 





 



Part
II



 





Item
9A.



Controls
and Procedures



 14





 



 



 





 



PART
IV



 





Item
15.



Exhibits,
Financial Statement Schedules



 15





 



 



 





Signatures



 16




 

1

  

EXPLANATORY
NOTE

 

China
Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. (the "Company") is filing
this Amendment No. 1 (the "Amendment No. 1") to its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016, filed on
August 30, 2016 (the "Original 10-K"). Company is filing this
Amendment No. 1 to provide i) information regarding Company's
customers that account for 10% or more of total revenue in the "
Business " section and ii) additional information regarding
management's control and procedures over financial.

 

In
accordance with applicable SEC rules and as required by Rule 12b-15
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this
amendment includes new certifications from our Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer dated as of the date of
filing of this amendment.

 

No
changes have been made to the Original 10-K other than to Item
1 and 9A and to the four certification exhibits. This amendment
speaks as of the date of the Original 10-K, does not reflect events
that may have occurred after the date of the Original 10-K and does
not modify or update in any way the disclosures made in
the Original 10-K, except as required to reflect the revisions
discussed above. This amendment should be read in conjunction with
the Original 10-K and with our filings with the SEC filed
subsequent to the filing of the Original 10-K.

2

  

 


PART
I

 


  Item
1. Business.

 

Except as
otherwise indicated by the context, references in this report to
"we," "us," "our," "our Company," or "the Company" are to the
combined business of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering
Inc.

 

Overview

 

We are in
the business of providing services to optimize garbage-recycling
processes. We utilize our patented technology of "comprehensive and
harmless garbage-processing equipment," to upgrade software systems
and reconstruct hardware for our clients, and therefore expand the
sorting scope and capacity of our clients' garbage recycling
equipment. We conduct our operations through our controlled
consolidated affiliate Jiangsu Xuefeng Environmental Protection
Science and Technology Co., Ltd. ("Jiangsu Xuefeng"). Jiangsu
Xuefeng was incorporated under the laws of the People's Republic of
China ("PRC") on December 14, 2007.

 

Our
Corporate History and Background

 

We
were incorporated in the state of Nevada on March 30, 2011. We
were initially formed to engage in the business of clothing
distribution.  Since our inception and until the
acquisition of Inclusion Business Limited (BVI), we were a
development stage company without significant assets or any
revenue.

 

Acquisition
of Inclusion

 

On
November 27, 2012, we completed a reverse acquisition transaction
through a share exchange with Inclusion Business Limited (BVI)
("Inclusion") and its stockholders (the "Inclusion Stockholders"),
whereby we acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding capital
stock of Inclusion and in exchange we issued 7,895,000 shares of
our common stock (pre-Forward Split), or 76.65% of our issued and
outstanding capital stock as of and immediately after the
consummation of the reverse acquisition, to the Inclusion
Stockholders. As a result of the reverse acquisition, Inclusion
became our wholly-owned subsidiary and the former Inclusion
Stockholders became our controlling stockholders. The share
exchange transaction has been treated as a reverse acquisition,
with Inclusion as the acquirer and the Company as the acquired
party for accounting purposes.

 

Prior to
the closing of the reverse acquisition, the Company's prior
shareholder, Mr. Zhenxing Liu, surrendered 7,895,000 shares of the
common stock of the Company. Mr. Zhenxing Liu did not receive any
consideration from the Company for accounting purposes. However,
Mr. Zhenxing Liu may be deemed to have received consideration from
the increase in the value of 250,000 shares held by Mr. Zhenxing
Liu as a result of the reverse acquisition. Mr. Zhenxing Liu
purchased 8,145,000 shares at approximately $0.007 per share at the
time when the Company was considered a shell and kept 250,000
shares after the surrender. On November 30, 2012, at the closing of
the reverse acquisition, the stockholder's equity increased to
$5,194,728. Accordingly, the value of the 250,000 shares held by
Mr. Zhenxing Liu appreciated to approximately $124,673. Other than
such appreciation in the value of his shares, Mr. Zhenxing Liu did
not receive any other consideration in connection with the reverse
acquisition.

 

As a
result of our acquisition of Inclusion, we now own all of the
issued and outstanding capital stock of Lotus International
Holdings Limited ("Lotus"), which in turn owns all of the issued
and outstanding capital stock of Baichuang Information Consulting
(Shenzhen) Co. Ltd ("Baichuang Consulting"). In addition, we
effectively and substantially control Jiangsu Xuefeng through a
series of captive agreements with Baichuang Consulting.

 

Subsequent
to the closing of the Exchange Agreement, we conduct our operations
through our controlled consolidated affiliate Jiangsu Xuefeng.
Jiangsu Xuefeng is primarily engaged in providing improvement and
upgrading services of garbage recycling processing technology and
equipment.

 

 

Name
Change and Forward Split

     

On
November 27, 2012, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to
its articles of incorporation to change its name from "NYC Moda
Inc" to "China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc" and to effect
a 4-for-1 forward stock split of its outstanding shares of common
stock.  The name change went effective on December 14, 2012
and the forward split went effective on December 17, 2012, upon the
approval of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.
(FINRA). Upon the effectiveness of the forward split, the
number of outstanding shares of the Company's common
stock increased from 10,300,000 to 41,200,000 shares, and the
number of authorized shares of common stock remained 75,000,000
shares. The effect of the forward split was applied retroactively
to the Company's consolidated financial statements for the periods
presented.

 

3

  

Contractual
Arrangements with our Controlled Consolidated Affiliate and its
Shareholders

 

On
October 17, 2012, prior to the reverse acquisition transaction,
Baichuang Consulting and Jiangsu Xuefeng and its shareholders Li
Yuan and Yi Yuan entered into a series of agreements known as
variable interest agreements (the "VIE Agreements") pursuant to
which Jiangsu Xuefeng became Baichuang Consulting's contractually
controlled affiliate. The VIE Agreements included:
 

 




(1)



an
Exclusive Technical Service and Business Consulting Agreement
between Baichuang Consulting and Jiangsu Xuefeng pursuant to which
Baichuang Consulting is to provide technical support and consulting
services to Jiangsu Xuefeng in exchange for (i) 95% of the total
annual net profit of Jiangsu Xuefeng plus (ii) RMB100,000 per month
(approximately U.S.$16,000).





 



 





(2)



a Call
Option Agreement among Li Yuan and Yi Yuan (together referred to as
"Jiangsu Xuefeng Shareholders"), and Baichuang Consulting under
which the  Jiangsu Xuefeng Shareholders have granted to
Baichuang Consulting the irrevocable right and option to acquire
all of the equity interests in Jiangsu Xuefeng to the extent
permitted by PRC law. If PRC law limits the percentage of Jiangsu
Xuefeng that Baichuang Consulting may purchase at any time, then
Baichuang Consulting may repeatedly exercise its option in such
increments as may be allowed by PRC law. The exercise price of the
option is RMB1.00 ($0.16) or any lower price permitted by PRC law.
The Jiangsu Xuefeng Shareholders agreed to refrain from taking
certain actions which might harm the value of Jiangsu Xuefeng or
Baichuang Consulting's option;





 



 





(3)



a Proxy
Agreement by Li Yuan and Yi Yuan pursuant to which they each
authorize Baichuang Consulting to designate someone to exercise all
of their shareholder decision rights with respect to Jiangsu
Xuefeng; and





 



 





(4)



a Share
Pledge Agreement among Li Yuan and Yi Yuan, Jiangsu Xuefeng, and
Baichuang Consulting under which the Jiangsu Xuefeng Shareholders
agree to pledge all of their equity in Jiangsu Xuefeng to Baichuang
Consulting to guarantee Jiangsu Xuefeng's and
its shareholders' performance of their obligations under the
Exclusive Technical Service and Business Consulting Agreement, the
Call Option Agreement and the Proxy Agreement.




 

The VIE
Agreements with our Chinese affiliate and its shareholders, which
relate to critical aspects of our operations, may not be as
effective in providing operational control as direct ownership. In
addition, these arrangements may be difficult and costly to enforce
under PRC law. See "Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the VIE
Agreements."

 

The
foregoing description of the terms of the Exclusive Technical
Service and Business Consulting Agreement, the Call Option
Agreement, the Proxy Agreement and the Share Pledge Agreement is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of the
agreements filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4 to this
report, respectively, which are incorporated by reference
herein.

 

See
"Related Party Transactions" for further information on our
contractual arrangements with these parties.

4

  

After the
exchange, our current organizational structure after giving effect
to the name change is as follows:

 

 

 




 

Inclusion
was established in the British Virgin Islands on August 9,
2012.  Lotus was established in Hong Kong on May 2, 2012
to serve as an intermediate holding company with authorized shares
of 10,000 at HK$1.00 per share. Baichuang Consulting was
established by Lotus as a wholly foreign owned enterprise (the
"WFOE") in the PRC on September 5, 2012.  Jiangsu
Xuefeng, our operating consolidated affiliate, was established in
the PRC on December 14, 2007. The local government of the PRC
issued a certificate of approval of the foreign ownership of
Baichuang Consulting by Lotus, a Hong Kong entity on September 5,
2012.

 

Recent
Acquisition of Linyi Xuefeng

 

 

On August
2016, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire 100%
interest of Linyi County Xuefeng Renewable Resources Utilization
Technology Co., Ltd ("Linyi Xuefeng"), a privately-held company
owned by our CEO and Chairman of the Board, Yuan Li. Pursuant to
the transfer agreement, the specific transfer price is based upon
the net asset amount in Linyi Xuefeng's audit report as of May 31,
2016. The Company will pay thirty percent of the transfer price
with cash and seventy percent of the transfer price by issuing
additional shares for the acquisition. From the date of the
execution of the agreement through the period when Mr. Li Yuan and
the Company complete all obligations of performing the agreement,
Mr. Li Yuan shall not transfer any assets of Linyi Xuefeng under
any circumstances.

 

 

Upon
acquisition, Linyi Xuefeng will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company. The acquisition will be accounted for as a business
combination.

 

Our
Services

 

As the
urbanization in China progresses, the amount of household garbage
increases. The processing capability of current garbage processing
equipment in China cannot typically satisfy the increasing demands.
We expand the garbage sorting scope and capacity of our clients'
garbage processing equipment, by installing the various systems
that embody the patented technology of "comprehensive and harmless
garbage-processing equipment" into the client's garbage processing
equipment and reconstructing their hardware, to provide upgrades
and improvement to their equipment.

5

  

 

The
patented technology of "harmless and comprehensive garbage
processing equipment" helps to achieve high and stable garbage
processing capacity, which uses a Distribution Control System (DCS)
to realize mechanical automation for the comprehensive garbage
treatment. The core technology is to organically integrate the
anaerobic digestion and aerobic fermentation garbage process,
degrade and transform the organic matter of domestic waste,
effectively sort out the garbage and recycle all kinds of
materials, to eventually realize the true waste resource
utilization and harmless utilization, with its resource utilization
and harmless utilization rate approaching 100%. The resource
recovery products, biogas, can not only be used for meeting the
needs of the plant itself, but also for outer supply, which greatly
improves the efficiency of garbage processing of customer's
equipment, decreases production cost, and increases the recovery
return of garbage processing.

 

The
comprehensive and harmless garbage processing equipment is
comprised of a waste digestion pretreatment system, methane gas
power generation system, sorting processing system, bricklaying
building system, leachate treatment system, DCS (distribution
control system), XFET-5 ecological and water-saving toilets and
excrement comprehensive processing system and various material
collection systems. The equipment technology is designed and
manufactured based on the complicated situation of the household
garbage in China. According to the features of various garbage, the
equipment utilizes the wind-force, gravity, magnetic,
shape, etc. to process the garbage by the combined way of
machine selecting, winnowing, magnetic separation, automatic
cutting, smashing and other technological processes. The equipment
has large processing capacity and can run all day. The stand-alone
equipment can process 500 tons to 1000 tons of garbage per day. It
can sort and process complicated municipal solid waste, leaving no
pollution and no residue, reaching the"3 without" standard of no
waste gas, no waste water and no waste residue.

 

After we
complete the internal system upgrade and hardware equipment
improvement of the garbage equipment, we deliver the upgraded
equipment to the customers. The customers will conduct inspection
and performance testing to the upgraded equipment no more than one
month pursuant to the contract to inspect whether the internal
control system and the hardware structure can operate steadily and
achieve the garbage process features. The inspection includes the
following: whether the quality of the equipment and accessories
after improvement can match the patented technology and process
various kinds of garbage, whether the various garbage systems can
process automatically, and whether the daily garbage processing
capacity reaches the standard of the contract. If during the
performance testing period, all the performance index can fulfill
the requirements of the contract are achieved, it would be deemed
that we have fully executed the agreement.

 

Prior to
the first service agreement in April 2012, we did not conduct any
business activities except for the preparation of the business and
the development of the clients, etc. When we complete the upgrading
service for the client, we go through the acceptance check and
commissioning of the company in accordance with the contract, to
make sure that the service provided met the requirements of the
clients. After that, we are not subject to any additional service.
The revenue we generated belongs to the service class income, with
the main cost being the salaries of the staff and the leasing fees
for the patent, whereas the hardware and software equipment, as
well as the material used in the upgrading are the responsibility
of the clients.

 

Until
August 31, 2012, the main revenue of Jiangsu Xuefeng was generated
from providing improvement and upgrading services to garbage
recycling processing plants. On August 5, 2012, Jiangsu Xuefeng
entered into a license agreement with Li Yuan, one of its
stockholders for the use of a patent on garbage recycling
processing technology, a Utility Model Patent of Comprehensive
and Harmless Garbage Processing Equipment, issued by the State
Intellectual Property Office (SIPO) on July 7, 2010 and valid for
ten years (Patent Number: ZL 2009 2 0232893.7).  The patent is
owned by our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Li
Yuan.  Although the license commenced on September 1,
2012 and expired in August 2017, Mr. Li Yuan has agreed to
allow the company continue to use the patent under the same terms
and conditions.  Jiangsu Xuefeng expanded its business model
from the sole service of providing upgrading to waste processing
plants to also providing patent licensing based on its newly
acquired use right of the patent technology.  We use the
patent technology to help the clients to upgrade their internal
system or reconstruct the hardware equipment we have, the Company
has of the garbage processing equipment so that the equipment
performance could reach the standard of our patent technology.
After the upgrade and reconstruction, the patent technology will
continue to be used in their equipment and we allow the
clients to continue using the patent technology in their equipment
for patent licensing revenue. License agreements will be offered to
clients for a limited period of three to five years, within which
period, the client shall pay patent royalties yearly to Jiangsu
Xuefeng for their use of the equipment containing the patent
technology. 

 

6

  

 

Therefore,
under the new business model, Jiangsu Xuefeng generates its
revenues from two sources: improvement and upgrading services of
garbage processing equipment and patent licensing for the use of
the upgraded technology.

 

For the
year ended May 31, 2016, sales from improvement and upgrading
services and patent licensing were $2,907,422 and $4,079,769,
respectively. For the year ended May 31, 2015, sales from
improvement and upgrading services and patent licensing were
$3,481,780 and $3,514,320, respectively.  For the year
ended May 31, 2014, sales from improvement and upgrading services
and patent licensing were $1,464,300 and $3,245,865, respectively.
 

 

Products
and Facilities

 

We
provide equipment improvement and upgrading service and license the
patented technology to our customers. We also sell or lease
garbage-processing units equipped with our patented
technology.

 

We mainly
incorporate and install the patented technology into garbage
processing equipment's internal control and operation systems to
achieve the requested processing capacity. During the internal
system upgrading process, if any hardware equipment, such as the
machine parts, is required to be reconstructed, the customers are
responsible for the hardware purchase while we provide guided and
assisted installation.

 

In
addition, as our customers continue to use the equipment embodying
the patented technology, they pay us a fee for the use of the
patented technology.

 

We hope
to construct our own garbage processing plant to process various
environmental wastes.

 

Customers

 

 

None of
the customers individually accounted for more than 10% of the
Company's revenue during the year ended May 31, 2015.

 

The
following table sets forth customers individually accounted for
more than 10% of our company's revenue for the fiscal years ended
May 31, 2016:
 

 
   


 

 

7

  

 

The
following table sets forth customers individually accounted for
more than 10% of our company's revenue for the year ended May 31,
2014:

 


 




Name



Revenue



 



Percentage



 



 Relationship





 



 



 



 



 



          





Gaoyou
Zhujia Household Garbage Process Co., Ltd



 



$



732,150



 



 



16



%



 None





Tianjin
Yongtai Household Garbage Process Co., Ltd



 



$



707,745



 



 



15



%



 None





Linxiang
Municipal Garbage Process Co., Ltd



 



$



634,530



 



 



13



%



 None




 

Our
Industry

 

In the
description below we rely on certain information and statistics
regarding our industry and the economy in China from the reports
  published by National Bureau of Statistics of China
and the PRC Ministry of Environmental Protection.  We
have no reason to believe that the information and statistics we
cite are not accurate.

 

The
Chinese industry of garbage processing is highly fragmented and in
a very early-stage of development. Benefiting from a series of
encouraging and supportive policies on garbage processing
formulated by the Chinese government, the urban garbage processing
industry has been in rapid development. The current market is
primarily dominated by small regional companies, like Jiangsu
Xuefeng, which account for approximately 90% of all environmental
protection enterprises in China.

 

The
volume of solid waste generated by industrial companies directly
correlates to the industrial rate of utilization of natural
resources and is expected to grow by over 10% per year according to
the National Bureau of Statistics of China. In addition, according
to estimates from the PRC Ministry of Environmental Protection, the
production of industrial waste was approximately 3.25 billion tons
in 2013, excluding approximately 31.57 million tons of hazardous
industrial waste.

 

8

  

According
to the  Opinions on Further the Municipal Solid Waste
Processing Service  issued by the Chinese government, the
harmless garbage processing rate will reach over 80% by
2015.  This anticipated increase creates a strong
incentive for companies to improve their garbage processing
capability.  Thus, the Chinese garbage processing
industry has significant potential for growth both in areas of
equipment marketing and equipment upgrading and
improvement.

 

Nationwide
Innocuous Disposal Facilities MSW Facilities Construction Planning
(2011-2015)  ("Planning"),
recently passed by the Chinese government, has gone into the
implementation phase. In accordance with the  Planning,
 the aggregate investment in the items of the Planning will
reach RMB 260Billion Yuan (approximately US $41
billion).

 

According
to the  Environmental Protection Equipment "Twelfth
Five-Year" Development Planning,  the yearly growth rate
of the environmental protection industry gross output during the
Twelfth Five-Year period is 20% and will reach 500 billion yuan
(approximately US $79 billion) by 2015.

 

Thus,
recently issued policies reducing the cost of Jiangsu Xuefeng
operations, and anticipated future industrial policies of the
Chinese government show the Chinese government's encouragement and
support for the long term development of the environmental waste
processing industry, setting the stage for a larger market place
for the environmental protection equipment upgrading and
improvement business.

9

  

 

Competition

 

Competitive
Advantages

 

The
industry for environmental protection equipment upgrading and
improvement in China, being in its early stage, creates a great
amount of business opportunities. We believe that, with our
services and products that are supported by the patented technology
and gradually ga


 








 














China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

3Ci Complete Compliance Corp
Amanasu Environment Corp
Art Technology Group
Bennett Environmental Inc.
Biomedical Technology Solutions Holdings Inc.
CES Synergies, Inc.
Capital Reserve Canada Ltd
Caprius
Cet Services Inc
China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.
Clean Harbors, Inc.
Commodore Applied Technologies
Consolidated Eco-Systems Inc
Duratek
Earthcare Co



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.




China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.





      Loading...
    





Former Names
NYC MODA INC (until 2012-12-21)Standard IndustryClassification
Hazardous waste managementAddress

C214. Fitting Integration Building, Jiangsu Province, F4 223800
Phone
86 527-84370508



Sample Contracts



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Equity Transfer Agreement
(January 9th, 2017)
With the consensus after negotiation of the above-mentioned parties, and agreed by the Shareholders' Meeting of Jiangsu Xuefeng Environmental Project Science and Technology Co., Ltd,the transferor transfers his 93% of the shares (totally 42.9 million Yuan) held in the Company for free, this agreement shall enter into force on the date of signature and seal of both parties, the transferor will not enjoy the rights for being a shareholder and no longer perform the obligations for being a shareholder. The transferee begins to own the rights of shareholders and performs their obligations as a shareholder.



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Equity Transfer Agreement
(January 9th, 2017)
With the consensus after negotiation of the above-mentioned Parties, and agreed by the Shareholders' Meeting of Jiangsu Xuefeng Environmental Project Science and Technology Co., Ltd, the transferor transfers his 7% of the shares (totally 3.10 million Yuan) held in the Company for free, this agreement shall enter into force on the date of signature and seal of both parties, the transferor will not enjoy the rights for being a shareholder and no longer perform the obligations for being a shareholder. The transferee begins to own the rights of shareholders and performs their obligations as a shareholder.



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Cover Sheet With Subscription Instructions
(March 21st, 2013)
Enclosed herewith are the documents necessary to subscribe for _______________ shares of common stock (the "Securities") of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Nevada (the "Company"). The Securities are being offered to qualified investors in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Regulation D and/or Regulation S promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, dated March 18, 2013. Set forth herein are instructions for the execution of the enclosed documents.



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Patent Licensing Service Agreement
(January 10th, 2013)
Whereas: Party A is the patent owner of the "comprehensive and harmless garbage processing equipment" and agrees to license Party B the right to use the patent technology;



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Labor Contract
(December 3rd, 2012)
The Parties, intending to be bound hereby, agree to enter into this Labor Contract on the basis of equality, free will and mutual consultation pursuant to the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China ("PRC"), the Employment Contract Law of the PRC and other laws, regulations and rules.



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Patent Licensing Service Agreement
(December 3rd, 2012)
Whereas: Party A is the patent owner of the "comprehensive and harmless garbage processing equipment" and agrees to license Party B the right to use the patent technology;



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Investment Contract of Industry Project in Suqian Economic Development Zone
(December 3rd, 2012)
According to relevant laws and regulations of the PRC and policies of provinces and cities, under the principle of mutual benefit, honesty and equality, after mutual consensus, the two parties sign this contract with respect to Party B's construction investment on Party A's location.



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Exclusive Technical Service and Business Consulting Agreement
(December 3rd, 2012)
This Exclusive Technical Service and Business Consulting Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into by and between the following two parties on October 17, 2012:



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Voting Proxy Agreement
(December 3rd, 2012)
This Voting Proxy Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into as of October 17, 2012 among the following parties in Suqian Jiangsu, China:



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Equipment Upgrading and Patent Technology Licensing Agreement
(December 3rd, 2012)
Under the principle of mutual benefit and good faith, in accordance with the PRC Contract Law and other relevant regulations, Party A and Party B entered into this agreement regarding the use of Party A's patent technology.



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Technical Service Contract
(December 3rd, 2012)
Under the principle of quality, mutual benefit and good faith, in accordance with the 'Contract Law of People' Republic of China' and other relevant regulations, Party A and Party B reached consensus regarding Party A providing improvement and upgrade service to Party B's garbage processing equipments and entered into the following agreement to abide by two parties.



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Technical Service Contract
(December 3rd, 2012)
Under the principle of quality, mutual benefit and good faith, in accordance with the 'Contract Law of People' Republic of China' and other relevant regulations, Party A and Party B reached consensus regarding Party A providing improvement and upgrade service to Party B's garbage processing equipments and entered into the following agreement to abide by two parties.



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Share Pledge Agreement
(December 3rd, 2012)
This Share Pledge Agreement (hereinafter "this Agreement") is entered into in Suqian Jiangsu, China on the day of October 17, 2012 by the following parties:



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Call Option Agreement
(December 3rd, 2012)
This Call Option Agreement (the"Agreement") is made by the following parties in Suqian Jiangsu, the People's Republic of China ("China"), on October 17, 2012.



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Stock Purchase Agreement
(September 17th, 2012)
This AGREEMENT, entered into as of the 29th day of August 2012 (the Agreement), by and among the individuals listed in Schedule A hereto (each individually a Seller, and collectively, the Sellers), NYC Moda Inc, a Nevada corporation (the Company), and the individuals listed in Schedule B hereto (each individually a Purchaser, and collectively, the Purchasers).



China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. –
Contract
(July 12th, 2011)
SHIPPING AGENT AGREEMENT  THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT ARE:  The Agent:          NJDist.Biz                     51-01 39th Avenue                     Queens, NY 11104                     Tel (973)914-1406  The Company:        NYC MODA INC.                     547 N Yale Avenue,                     Villa Park IL 60181                     Tel (347)690-0196  This Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into effect this May 17, 2011, 2011 between NJDist.Biz ("the Agent") and NYC MODA INC. ("the Company")  Whereas the Agent may from time to time pick up clothing from New York stores and deliver to Agent warehouse, store them and ship later to the Company for a Shipping Agent fee.  1.  Services. Agent shall use its best efforts to provide the services ("the Services") to the company as requested and further described herein on a non exclusive or exclusive basis, as reasonably requested by the Company.  2. Shipping Agent fee shall be calculated as ten per cent (10%) of the net value of items 













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.








     CXEE Stock Price & News - China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. - Wall Street Journal                                    DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              DJIA ▲  21796.55 0.39%        S&P 500 ▲  2475.42 -0.10%        Nasdaq ▲  6382.19 -0.63%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  3/32 yield 2.303%        Crude Oil ▲  48.95 -0.18%        Euro ▲  1.1696 0.16%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     U.S. Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    July 28, 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In               China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. CXEE (U.S.: OTC)      search    View All companies           AT CLOSE 5:20 PM EDT 07/10/17     $4.16 USD     0.00 0.00%     Volume 196       Volume 196     65 Day Avg Vol 24     1 Day Range 0.00 - 0.00     52 Week Range 3.55 - 4.16 (10/04/16 - 07/10/17)          1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Business/Consumer Services      Compare to    Add          Open  0.00   Prior Close  4.16 (07/05/17)     1 Day    CXEE 0.00%     DJIA 0.39%     Russell 2K -0.60%     Business/Consumer Services 0.00%                             Overview     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              News China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.CXEE  No news for CXEE in the past two years.         Key Stock Data     ?    P/E Ratio (TTM) The Price to Earnings (P/E) ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period.  Earnings Per Share (TTM) A company's net income for the trailing twelve month period expressed as a dollar amount per fully diluted shares outstanding. Market Capitalization Reflects the total market value of a company. Market Cap is calculated by multiplying the number of shares outstanding by the stock's price. For companies with multiple common share classes, market capitalization includes both classes. Shares Outstanding Number of shares that are currently held by investors, including restricted shares owned by the company's officers and insiders as well as those held by the public. Public Float The number of shares in the hands of public investors and available to trade. To calculate, start with total shares outstanding and subtract the number of restricted shares. Restricted stock typically is that issued to company insiders with limits on when it may be traded. Dividend Yield A company's dividend expressed as a percentage of its current stock price.      Key Stock Data    P/E Ratio (TTM)  41.60 (07/10/17)      EPS (TTM)  $0.10      Market Cap $384.43 M     Shares Outstanding 63.02 M     Public Float 35.20 M     Yield CXEE has not issued dividends in more than 1 year.     Latest Dividend N/A     Ex-Dividend Date N/A       ?    Shares Sold Short The total number of shares of a security that have been sold short and not yet repurchased. Change from Last Percentage change in short interest from the previous report to the most recent report. Exchanges report short interest twice a month. Percent of Float Total short positions relative to the number of shares available to trade.      Short Interest ()   N/A      ?    Money Flow Uptick/Downtick Ratio Money flow measures the relative buying and selling pressure on a stock, based on the value of trades made on an "uptick" in price and the value of trades made on a "downtick" in price. The up/down ratio is calculated by dividing the value of uptick trades by the value of downtick trades. Net money flow is the value of uptick trades minus the value of downtick trades. Our calculations are based on comprehensive, delayed quotes.      Stock Money Flow   N/A              Advertisement         Competitors CXEE   Data not available.    More information on CXEE   Competitor Data Provided By: capital cube           Profile CXEE      China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc. engages in the improvement and upgrading of garbage recycling processing technology and equipment. Its services includes waste digestion pretreatment system, methane gas power generation system, sorting processing system,...      C214. Fitting Integration Building Jiangsu Jiangsu 223800 China   Map       Employees  32    Sector  Environment/Waste Management      Sales or Revenue  22.19 M    Industry  Business/Consumer Services      1Y Sales Change  217.14%    Fiscal Year Ends May 31 Download Reports          Li Yuan Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer       Kuanfu Fan CFO & Principal Accounting Officer       Yi Yuan Director       Xiao Jun Zhuang Director        More             Research & Ratings China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.CXEE Per-Share Earnings, Actuals and Estimates   Data Not Available.       Financials China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.CXEE     Quarterly   Annual      Net Income      0  5M                 Feb 2016   May 2016   Aug 2016   Nov 2016   Feb 2017         0  20M                 0  -20M                '12 '13 '14 '15 '16         Feb 2017 5-quarter trend   Net Income Growth +57.27%                     Sales or Revenue 2.63 M                Sales or Revenue Growth +22.18%                     EBITDA +2.19 M                   2016 5-year trend  Net Income Growth +29.92%                     Sales or Revenue 22.19 M                Sales or Revenue Growth +217.14%                     EBITDA +8.09 M                            More             Overview    Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                  










CXEE - Stock Quote and Charts for China Xuefeng

















































Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In



























Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In




















China Xuefeng (CXEE)
        


Add to Watchlists


                Create an Alert
            






4.16
+0.00  +0.00%
OTC Markets
Jul 26, 20:00
Delayed 15m
USD










            
                Quote
            
        

Fundamental Chart


Technicals


Key Stats


Financials


Data


Estimates


News


Events


Y-Ratings


Performance


Valuation


Multichart









View Full Chart
CXEE Price Chart
















View All Key Stats
CXEE Key Stats






Income Statement



Revenue (TTM)


                                

                                10.35M
                            
                        


Revenue (Quarterly YoY Growth)

Upgrade



EPS Diluted (TTM)


                                

                                0.10
                            
                        


EPS Diluted (Quarterly YoY Growth)

Upgrade



Net Income (TTM)


                                

                                5.614M
                            
                        


Profitability



Gross Profit Margin (Quarterly)


                                

                                80.82%
                            
                        


Profit Margin (Quarterly)


                                

                                62.03%
                            
                        


Dividend



Dividend Yield (Forward)

Upgrade



Dividend Yield (TTM)


                                

                                0.00
                            
                        










Price and Valuation



Market Cap


                                

                                262.17M
                            
                        


52 Week High (Daily)

Upgrade



52 Week Low (Daily)

Upgrade



PS Ratio (TTM)


                                

                                24.55
                            
                        


PE Ratio (TTM)


                                

                                41.60
                            
                        


Price to Book Value


                                

                                4.938
                            
                        


Other



Beta (5Y)

Upgrade



Debt to Equity Ratio (Quarterly)


                                

                                --
                            
                        


Free Cash Flow (Quarterly)


                                

                                0.4978M
                            
                        


Return on Equity (TTM)


                                

                                13.63%
                            
                        








View All CXEE News
CXEE News






Wire
Headline
Time (ET)


Yahoo



                                
                                China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc.: Leads amongst peers with strong fundamentals


06/21 14:16



Yahoo



                                
                                China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc. :CXEE-US: Earnings Analysis: Q3, 2017 By the Numbers : April 18, 2017


04/18 09:47



Yahoo



                                
                                China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc. :CXEE-US: Earnings Analysis: Q2, 2017 By the Numbers : January 20, 2017


01/20 09:32



Yahoo



                                
                                China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc. :CXEE-US: Earnings Analysis: Q1, 2017 By the Numbers : October 19, 2016


10/19 09:19



Yahoo



                                
                                China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc. :CXEE-US: Earnings Analysis: Q3, 2016 By the Numbers : June 13, 2016


06/13 10:12



Yahoo



                                
                                China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc. Earnings Analysis: Q2, 2016 By the Numbers


01/21 11:06



Yahoo



                                
                                China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : January 12, 2016


01/12 08:02



Yahoo



                                
                                China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering, Inc. Earnings Q1, 2016


11/20 10:03











View All Performance Charts
CXEE Total Returns Comparison








CXEE Fundamentals

Income Statement 
View Statement









Revenue (TTM)

10.35M


Total Expenses (TTM)

3.078M


Net Income (TTM)

5.614M





Balance Sheet 
View Statement









Total Assets (Quarterly)

71.50M


Total Liabilities (Quarterly)

18.40M


Shareholders Equity (Quarterly)

53.10M





Cash Flow Statement 
View Statement









Cash from Operations (TTM)

14.74M


Cash from Investing (TTM)

-0.2442M


Cash from Financing (TTM)

-14.16M








CXEE Ratings


Y-Rating

Upgrade



Value Score

Upgrade



Fundamental Score

Upgrade



Valuation (Hist. Mult.)

Upgrade



Y-Rating Report

Download





Advertisement





CXEE One Page Reports


One Page Report

Download





CXEE Analyst Coverage


Consensus Recommendations

Buy Recommendations

Upgrade



Outperform Recommendations

Upgrade



Hold Recommendations

Upgrade



Underperform Recommendations

Upgrade



Sell Recommendations

Upgrade


Target Price

Price


                4.16
                
            


Price Target

Upgrade







Edit


 Profile

URL: http://www.cxfee.com
Investor Relations URL: N/A
HQ State/Province: N/A
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Waste Management
Next Earnings Release: N/A
Last Earnings Release: N/A
Next Ex-Dividend Date: N/A
Last Ex-Dividend Date: N/A
Description: China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc is a waste management company. Its products include waste management equipment like digestion pretreatment system, methane gas power generation system, sorting processing systems.



CXEE Comparables

Edit









                                        CREG
                                    


                                    China Recycling Energy
                                




                                        CGYV
                                    


                                    China Energy Recovery
                                




                                        NXMR
                                    


                                    NextMart
                                




                                        GETH
                                    


                                    Green Envirotech Holdings
                                




                                        EQTE
                                    


                                    EQM Technologies & Energy
                                




                                        CIWT
                                    


                                    China Industrial Waste
                                







CXEE Excel Add-In Codes

Name: =YCI("CXEE","name")
Description: =YCI("CXEE","description")
Sector: =YCI("CXEE","sector")
Industry: =YCI("CXEE","industry")
Est. Current Fiscal Year End: =YCI("CXEE","fye")

To find the codes for any of our financial metrics, see our Complete Reference of Metric Codes.
Access our powerful Excel Add-in with a YCharts Professional Membership. Learn More.


Other CXEE Resources

13F Filings Whale Wisdom
Call Transcripts Seeking Alpha
Insider Trading Morningstar
Institutional Ownership Nasdaq
SEC Filings SEC
CXEE Tweets Stocktwits



Advertisement






















{{root.upsell.info.feature_headline}}.

            {{root.upsell.info.feature_description}}
            
Please note that this feature is only available as an add-on to YCharts subscriptions.
            

Please note that this feature requires full activation of your account and is not permitted during the free trial period.
            













            {{root.upsell.info.call_to_action}}
        

            No credit card required.
        


Already a subscriber?
Sign in.
            





















