Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 570000360023048781-112734112644203082Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 570000360023048781-97892354936668741Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 570000360023048781-22211260199862849Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 570000360023048781-112734224313352778Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 570000360023048781-22211273084764737
























About The Chopra Center | The Chopra Center















































Jump to navigation







Contact Us (760) 494-1639
 
Register | login



Login with Chopra

Login with Facebook

Login with Google+













Search form

Search 





 































 You are hereHome > About The Chopra Center 


About The Chopra Center









Your Path to Wellness Begins Here
The Chopra Center, founded in 1996 by Deepak Chopra, M.D. and David Simon, M.D., is the premier provider of experiences, education, teacher trainings and products that improve the health and well-being of body, mind and spirit. We provide an integrative approach to total well-being through self-awareness, and the practice of yoga, meditation, and Ayurveda. The consciousness-based teachings of Vedic science, as translated by our founders, coupled with cutting-edge research and modern western medicine, serve as the foundation for Chopra Center teachings. We collaborate with visionaries, scientists, pioneers, physicians, and industry experts to educate and inspire seekers from around the globe to better their lives and the lives of those around them.

We invite you to explore the many free resources on this website, sign up for an online course or program, or come stay with us at the Omni La Costa Resort & Spa in beautiful Carlsbad, CA for a live event with Deepak Chopra and other lumninaries. You may also give us a call at 760.494.1639 to speak with one of our program consultants to explore which Chopra Center experience is perfect for you. 
Our Mission
The Chopra Center is founded on three pillars of timeless wisdom: meditation, Ayurveda, and yoga. These ancient healing traditions and their 5,000-year-old principles have been translated by Drs. Chopra & Simon into programs, workshops, and teacher training certifications designed for men and women at critical physical, emotional, and spiritual stages of their lives.




Our Founders

















 David Simon, M.D. 
 Co-Founder 
 Dr. David Simon was a world-renowned authority in the field of mind-body medicine. As a board-certified neurologist and expert in Ayurvedic medicine and other traditional healing arts, he brought a unique perspective to the relationship between mind, emotions... Read More  













 Deepak Chopra, M.D. 
 Co-Founder 
 Deepak Chopra MD, FACP, founder of The Chopra Foundation and co-founder of The Chopra Center for Wellbeing, is a world-renowned pioneer in integrative medicine and personal transformation, and is... Read More  

 
 

 


Chopra Center Executive Leadership Team










Deepak Chopra, M.D.
Co-Founder











Sara Harvey
Vedic Educator











Charles Paz











Dallas Brown
VP of Marketing and Digital Programming











Jaime Rabin
DAOM, L.Ac.







          Deepak Chopra MD, FACP, founder of The Chopra Foundation  and co-founder of The Chopra Center for Wellbeing, is a world-renowned pioneer in integrative medicine and personal transformation, and is Board Certified in Internal Medicine, Endocrinology and Metabolism. He is a Fellow of the American College of Physicians, Clinical Professor at UCSD Medical School, Researcher, Neurology and Psychiatry at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH), and a member of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists. The World Post and The...          
Read More 



          As the Chopra Center’s chief operating officer, Sara Harvey is a dynamic, empowering leader who continues to be instrumental in developing the Chopra Center’s world-renowned lifestyle brand. She works directly with co-founder Dr. Deepak Chopra and the leadership team to fulfill the Chopra Center’s mission to serve as the global source for balance, healing, transformation, and the expansion of awareness. As a Chopra Center instructor certified in  Primordial Sound Meditation   and ... 
Read More 




Read More 



          Growing up in Senator Dianne Feinstein’s San Francisco campaign office where her mom worked as personal assistant to the senator, Dallas estimates that by age 13 she had licked closed the envelopes of more than 20,000 fundraising letters. Today, Dallas’ passions are directed towards coaching, teaching meditation and yoga, speaking, podcasting, and working with the world’s leading spiritual teachers to create programs that help people discover their purpose and passions. As the vice president of marketing and digital programming for Deepak Chopra’s Chopra Center for Wellbeing, Dallas directs...          
Read More 



          Dr. Jaime Rabin has an aptitude for leadership and is skilled at project and people management. As the Vice President of Client Services and Operations at the Chopra Center, she is afforded the opportunity to combine the two as she adheres to the tenets of servant leadership. Furthermore, her management strategy involves the creation of family-work environments where team camaraderie promotes higher efficiency and better performance. She is deeply passionate about individual and group transformation towards a sustained state of conscious awareness. Although not currently in practice, Dr...          
Read More 



 


Testimonials


All the lectures were really inspiring. Group practice very uplifting... I really grew a lot and renewed my passion and  enthusiasm, deeply reminding me why I wanted to teach meditation in the first place.” –Janet, Tennessee











 











Stay Connected
Get the latest wellness and lifestyle articles straight to your inbox each week.


Sign Up





Thank Youfor Subscribing
UPDATE YOUR PREFERENCES



Follow Us:


















 













Contact Us

Questions? Want to learn more about how the Chopra Center can transform your life? Get in Touch




 








      Articles by Our Certified Instructors    






  

 
 
 5 Holistic Exercises to Help Reduce Anxiety  

  

 
 
 Tuning Into the Pull of Your Inner World  

  

 
 
 How to Use Technology to Enhance Your Yoga Practice  

  

 
 
 How to Harness the Power of Summer Archetypes with Meditation  

 


 

      Health & Wellness Events    






  

 
 
 Perfect Health Program 6-Day: July 31, 2017  

  

 
 
 Perfect Health Program 6-Day: August 21, 2017 - Waitlist Only  

  

 
 
 Perfect Health Program 6-Day: August 28, 2017  

  

 
 
 Perfect Health Program 10-Day: September 4, 2017  

 








    

 

 













Deepak Chopra Dream Master































































 FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $99




 Login / Register
													|
							

								0 items - $0.00 














                                0                                ($0.00)
                            
















Give Us A Call:  1-800-456-9887





















10% Off Orders Of $229 Or More.  Use Code "S10"








 


Deepak Chopra Dream Master$349.00

Developed by the remarkable Dr. Deepak Chopra, the Dream Master is a meditation machine designed to aid you in achieving new states of consciousness. In turn, those new states can increase your motivation, drive for personal growth, intuition, and even creativity. One of our most sought-after sound machines for adults, the Dream Master comes fully equipped with over 80 pre-installed programs, and the requisite pair of meditation glasses for added focus. Even if you have never meditated before in your life, give the Dream Master a try. It is an amazing way to relax in the comfort of your own home, while traveling, and pretty much anywhere you can think of. Open yourself to the world of light and sound machines. You won’t be disappointed. 

In stock




Add to cart


SKU: 100001
Categories: Light and Sound Machines / Mind Machines, Sound & Light Therapy, Light and Sound Machines / Mind Machines, Light and Sound Machines / Mind Machines






Description


Reviews (0)



Description
Increase your motivation, personal growth, intuition and creativity with Deepak Chopra Dream Master Light and Sound Mind Machine which includes over 80 programs, 5 of which are written and narrated by Deepak Chopra M.D.
The Deepak Chopra Dream Master uses light and sound pulses at specified frequencies to help the user reach a variety of interesting and beneficial states of consciousness. The effect is very much like the relaxed and focused effects one gets from meditation, biofeedback / neurofeedback, Hindu Kirtan, Gregorian chanting, Hebrew davening, Tibetan prayer bowls, Native American drum circles and rain chants, Sufi chants and Whirling dervishes, and African trance dancing. But instead of taking years to refine your practice, these states are now available for you with this remarkable meditation machine.

6 LEDs per eye (red, green, blue) light meditation glasses
Rechargeable controller with LCD display,
Memory card
USB charging cable
Stereo ear buds
Manual and quick start card and
Marrying case

(You do not need a CD player, computer, laptop, smartphone, tablet or mp3 player to play the Dream Master programs)
There are 85 programs built into the Dream Master’s memory card including: * 5 Deepak Chopra narrated programs: – Trip to the Forest – Path to Love – Being Still – Bhagavad Gita – Cosmic Vision – Chakra Meditation , 14 visioning programs including Dreams in the Mind’s Eye, Journey of the Drums, Water Planet, Tibetan Highlands, Children of the Universe, Waves of Coincidence, Naked Mantras, Sleep Cycle, Winter & Journey,  66 programs targeted for various states of consciousness

Accelerate: 6 programs
Meditate: 7 programs
Mind Art: 14 programs
Night Voyage: 6 programs
Rejuvenate:  7 programs
Trance: 5 programs

The Dream Master lets you, relax like never before.

In the comfort of your own home or wherever
Whether you have ever meditated successfully or not
Without drugs or alcohol
Without driving to a yoga class
On your own time at your convenience
Without any previous knowledge
Jumpstart or deepen your existing meditation practice with this relaxing sound machine
Includes Deepaks narration, original music, holographic sounds and a kaleidoscope of lights and colors


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Product Specifications and Features:

12 pre-installed, professionally written programs by Deepak Chopra
Multi-Color LED Glasses

2 year manufacturer warranty. Ships via Standard Delivery.
Product: Dream Master Price: $349 Light and Sound Programs included: 85 LED Colors: Red, Green, Blue and combinations LEDs per eye: 6  1 red, 2 green & 3 blue Batteries: Built-in -rechargeable Hours of battery life before recharging: 6 Components: All-In-One Additional Programs: Downloadable at Programs tab of this website
About Deepak Chopra
Deepak Chopra is the author of more than seventy-five books translated into over thirty-five languages, including twenty-three New York Times bestsellers in both the fiction and nonfiction categories. Chopras medical training is in internal medicine and endocrinology and he is a Fellow of the American College of Physicians, and a member of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists. He serves as Co-Founder and Chairman of The Chopra Center for Wellbeing, Founder of The Chopra Well on YouTube, Adjunct Professor of Executive Programs at Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, Adjunct Professor at Columbia Business School, Columbia University, Assistant Clinical Professor, in the Family and Preventive Medicine Department at the University of California, San Diego, Health Sciences, Faculty, at Walt Disney Imagineering, Senior Scientist with The Gallup Organization. GlobeIn acknowledges Chopra as “one of top ten most influential spiritual leaders around the world.” TIME magazine has described Dr. Chopra as “one of the top 100 heroes and icons of the century and credits him as “the poet-prophet of alternative medicine.”  Learn More about Light and Sound and Mind Machines  Glossary of Light and Sound Terms  Light and Sound Medical Disclaimer
 

Comprehensive Operator’s Manual
Quick Start Guide





Reviews
There are no reviews yet.




Be the first to review “Deepak Chopra Dream Master” Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Your rating
Rate…
Perfect
Good
Average
Not that bad
Very poor
Your review *Name * 
Email * 
 

 








Related products





Add to cart


Hemi-Sync Remembrance CD
$19.95






Add to cart


Per2 LED Daylight Lamp
$119.95






Add to cart


Hands of Light: A Guide to Healing Through the Human Energy Field Book
$29.95






Add to cart


Power vs. Force: The Hidden Determinants of Human Behavior Book
$14.95

















GET NEWS ON PRODUCTS, SALES, & MORE



Name*


First

Email*

EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 









 












FREE SHIPPING on orders over $99









WE SHIP WORLDWIDE satisfaction guarantee









SECURE SHOPPING buy with confidence










































































The Chopra Center | Homepage















































Jump to navigation







Contact Us (760) 494-1639
 
Register | login



Login with Chopra

Login with Facebook

Login with Google+













Search form

Search 





 









































Synchronicity and the Fulfillment of Desire

At this once-in-a-lifetime experience, world-renowned expert in mind-body medicine, Deepak Chopra, MD, FACP, will reveal how to tap into your higher knowing so you get what you really want, effortlessly. Learn More 









Weekend Meditation Retreats

Meditation is a simple yet powerful tool that will take you to a state of profound relaxation, dissolve fatigue and accumulated stress, and renew your creativity and passion for life. Jumpstart your practice at a meditation retreat. 









Mindful Health & Wellbeing Events

Discover the small, but significant lifestyle changes anyone can make to activate the body's innate ability to thrive. Take control of your health.  









Online Programs

Did you know that you can now enjoy life-changing video lessons from Deepak Chopra & other renowned experts from the comfort of your own home? Introducing Chopra Online Learning, your #1 resource for the Chopra Center's teachings & wisdom - anytime, anywhere! 









Oprah & Deepak's 21-Day Meditation Experience

Desire and Destiny: Discover your purpose. Follow your passion. Register Now 










 


































 Summertime Ayurveda for Dogs: 6 Ways to Keep Your Pup Healthy This Season 
 Here are six ways you can help your pup (and yourself) stay balanced, safe, and in optimal health throughout this summer season, inspired by Ayurveda.Read More  













 6 Myths About Aging: How to View Maturing in a Positive Light 
 What if everything we thought about aging is wrong? Here are six ways you can turn the negative stereotypes of aging on their head.Read More  













 What Is Guggulu? 
 Guggulu is one of the most important purifying herbs in Ayurveda. Learn how to use it for a variety of ailments like clogged sinuses, obesity, inflamed joints, and skin disorders.Read More  













 5 Holistic Exercises to Help Reduce Anxiety 
 Whether you have diagnosed anxiety, or often find yourself fearing worst-case scenarios, we have all experienced stress as a result of our own thoughts. Learn to pause these thoughts and restore a sense of ease using these five daily practices.Read More  













 Tuning Into the Pull of Your Inner World 
 We all have an inner and outer world; how do we tune into the inner self to stay balanced and calm amid the hustle and bustle of everyday life? Find out.Read More  

 
 








 



Upcoming Programs





 Perfect Health Certification Program: July 2017  
 Exploration of Mind-Body Healing and Ayurveda  
  Jul 24-30, 2017 
 Carlsbad, CA  

 Perfect Health Program 6-Day: July 31, 2017 
 Mind-Body Healing Immersion 
  Jul 31-Aug 05, 2017 
 Carlsbad, CA  

 Rest and Restore: August 7-9, 2017 - Waitlist Only 
 Feel Your Stress and Tension Melt Away 
  Aug 07-09, 2017 
 Carlsbad, CA  

 Journey into Healing: August 17-20, 2017 
 Signature Mind-Body Wellness Workshop 
  Aug 17-20, 2017 
 Carlsbad, CA  

 Perfect Health Program 6-Day: August 21, 2017 - Waitlist Only 
 Mind-Body Healing Immersion 
  Aug 21-26, 2017 
 Carlsbad, CA  


See All Events














Stay Connected
Get the latest wellness and lifestyle articles straight to your inbox each week.


Sign Up





Thank Youfor Subscribing
UPDATE YOUR PREFERENCES



Follow Us:















Daily Inspiration





 “Nature is made to conspire with spirit to emancipate us. “ - Ralph Waldo Emerson 
   

 





Explore Our Resources



 













Dosha Quiz

Discover your unique mind-body type, or dosha. Take the Quiz














Guided Meditations

Tune in to find a calm and peaceful state of mind. Listen














Desire and Destiny


Discover your purpose. Free online meditations. Sign Up















Eat Clean & Get Lean

Nourish your body with healthy ingredients & recipes. Learn More














New to Meditation?

Take the meditation quiz for guidance on where to start. Take the Quiz














Ananda Meditation App

Mix and match meditations and music for inner peace. Learn More




 








      Articles by Deepak Chopra    






  

 
 
 To Change Your Life, Change Your Core Beliefs    

  

 
 
 In the Holiday Spirit: Giving, Gratitude, and Grace  

  

 
 
 How to Prioritize Spiritual and Financial Success     

  

 
 
 5 Crucial Habits for Restful Sleep  

 


 

      Upcoming Events    






  

 
 
 Perfect Health Program 6-Day: July 31, 2017  

  

 
 
 Journey into Healing: August 17-20, 2017  

  

 
 
 Perfect Health Program 6-Day: August 21, 2017 - Waitlist Only  

  

 
 
 Silent Awakenings: August 27-September 3, 2017  

 








    

  


Our Partners




 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 




 







Deepak Chopra - Journalist, Medical Professional, Doctor - Biography.comSubscribe to NewsletterAboutDeepak Chopra Biography.comJournalist, Medical Professional, Doctor(1947–)110SHARESQuick FactsNameDeepak ChopraOccupationJournalist, Medical Professional, DoctorBirth DateOctober 22, 1947 (age 69)Place of BirthNew Delhi, IndiaZodiac SignLibraCite This PageAn expert in the field of mind-body healing, Deepak Chopra is a world-renowned speaker and author on the subject of alternative medicine.IN THESE GROUPSFamous Journalists and Nonfiction AuthorsFamous People Born on October 22Famous LibrasFamous People in Journalism & NonfictionShow All GroupsFamous People in Science and MedicineFamous People Who Started BusinessesFamous People Born in 1947Famous IndiansFamous Medical ProfessionalsFamous People Born in IndiaFamous People Named DeepakFamous People Named ChopraFamous DoctorsFamous People Born in New Delhiquotes“You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.”Deepak ChopraSynopsisThe author of numerous books on alternative medicine, Deepak Chopra was born in New Delhi, India, in 1947. After attending the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, he eventually ended up in Boston where he began his career as a doctor. After becoming disenchanted with Western medicine, however, Chopra turned to alternative medicine. In 1995 Chopra, already a prolific book author, founded the Chopra Center for Well Being in Carlsbad, California.Early Life and CareerDeepak Chopra was born on October 22, 1947 in New Delhi, India. The son of an eminent cardiologist, Krishnan Chopra, Deepak at first decided against following his father's career path, wanting instead to pursue a career as a journalist. Eventually, however, he became enthralled with the subject of medicine and enrolled at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in his native city. Chopra envisioned a career in Western medicine, and in 1970 moved to the United States, leaving his home country with just $25 in his pocket and the promise of a residency at a hospital in New Jersey. Following the residency, Chopra landed in Boston, where he quickly rose to chief of medicine at New England Memorial Hospital. Despite his rising career, Chopra became disenchanted with Western medicine and its reliance on prescription drugs. The work began to wear on the promising doctor, who would later claim that he smoked up to a pack of cigarettes a day and drank consistently. "Very unhappy people, physicians," he has said. "The relatives of patients with whom they deal are demanding, litigious, intimidating. That's the environment of medicine. Most of my fellow colleagues were very stressed; a lot of them were addicts. I used to experience the most extraordinary frustration and tightness. My great fear was getting into trouble. Malpractice suits are a big deal in the United States." It's during this time that Chopra read a book on transcendental medicine that changed his life, and eventually his career path. As his interest in alternative medicine deepened, so did his view on the limits of Western medicine. After a meeting with transcendental mediation guru Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, Chopra quit his job at New England Memorial Hospital and started the Maharishi Ayur-Veda Products International, a company that specialized in alternative products, like herbal teas and oils. Co-founded with the Maharishi, the company successfully launched Chopra into the world of alternative medicine. Chopra helped oversee the creation of several affiliated clinics and, he became well-known among celebrities including Elizabeth Taylor, Michael Jackson, and fashion designer Donna Karan.Best-Selling AuthorBy the early 1990s, Chopra had split off from the Maharishi and relocated to California, where he became the executive director of the Sharp Institute for Human Potential and Mind/Body Medicine. But he eventually clashed with his bosses and, in 1995, he started the Chopra Center for Well Being. By this time, Chopra had become an international success. His first book, Quantum Healing: Exploring the Frontiers of Mind/Body Medicine, published in 1989, proved to be a decent seller. But it was his 1993 release Ageless Body, Timeless Mind, which shot Chopra into full-fledged celebrity status, selling more than a million hardcover copies alone. At a time when the self-help industry was coming into its own, Chopra became one of its leading faces. His core message centers around the idea that the reliance on a material world complicates finding peace and happiness. To Chopra, the answers to our health and happiness can be found internally. His message has certainly resonated with the greater public. In total, Chopra has published 86 books, which includes 14 bestsellers such as The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success, which have been translated into a number of different languages. Chopra has also contributed as a regular columnist for the San Francisco Chronicle and the Washington Post.Media ProjectsIn June 1999, Time magazine dubbed Chopra "the poet-prophet of alternative medicine" and called him one of the top 100 heroes of the century.  He regularly brought his message to the Oprah Winfrey Show and was a confidante of pop superstar Michael Jackson. His career has even seen him delve into the music-making business. He's collaborated with a range of artists, from Madonna to Dave Stewart of the 1980s band the Eurythmics.  Deepak Chopra is married to his longtime wife, Rita. The Chopras, who have two grown children, reside in California.Fact CheckWe strive for accuracy and fairness. If you see something that doesn't look right, contact us!Citation InformationArticle TitleDeepak Chopra Biography.comAuthorBiography.com EditorsWebsite NameThe Biography.com websiteURLhttps://www.biography.com/people/deepak-chopra-9542257Access Date{{$root.currentTime | date:'MMMM d, yyyy'}}PublisherA&E Television NetworksLast UpdatedApril 12, 2017Original Published Daten/a110SHARESBIO NEWSLETTERSign up to receive updates from BIO and A+E Networks.




 


Deepak Chopra – SynchroDestiny Course – Free Download Internet Marketing Courses































































































 













(GMT+8)  Singapore[email protected]ritavu1980 Login



Cart: $0.000



No products in the cart.


Subtotal: $0.00

View Cart
Checkout




Facebook









Free Download Internet Marketing Courses
Tutorialsdl Newnulled Shop










HomeHealth - Fitness - LifestyleDeepak Chopra – SynchroDestiny Course











Sale!



Deepak Chopra – SynchroDestiny Course
$397.00 $57.00





Price:  $397
You Just Pay: $57
Sale Page: http://www.chopra.com/online-programs/synchrodestiny






Add to cart


Category: Health - Fitness - Lifestyle
Tags: Deepak Chopra, Deepak Chopra - SynchroDestiny Course, SynchroDestiny Course





Description


Reviews (0)



Product Description

Deepak Chopra – SynchroDestiny Course
Price:  $397
You Just Pay: $57
Sale Page: http://www.chopra.com/online-programs/synchrodestiny
Discover the Simple Guidance System that Will Free You from Struggle and Fulfill Your Desires
Did you know human beings are the only creatures in nature that resist ease?

A flower doesn’t try to blossom. It just does. A lion doesn’t check three extra things off its to-do list before it hunts. It just hunts.
But we humans are so conditioned to think anything worth having has to be hard-earned that we’ve actually become uneasy with ease.
We’ve forgotten that in our natural state of being – when we’re not pushing, forcing, and trying so hard to have a good life – we already have a built-in compass that makes getting what we want in life easy.
It’s a simple, in-the-moment guidance system that says, “Psssst. Look closely at this opportunity because it’s in harmony with who you are and what you want.”
If you feel disconnected from your inner compass, or you’re struggling, or you feel stuck on a path that isn’t leading you to greater abundance, health, and love… and you want to make 2016 the year you find your true path and follow it farther than even you ever imagined . . . you’re in exactly the right place.
Because that’s the whole point of SynchroDestiny, a 9-week Chopra Center online course led by Deepak Chopra, MD, FACP, that will show you how to tap into your higher knowing and let it guide your decisions in life. So you get what you really want, effortlessly.


In SynchroDestiny, Deepak Chopra, bestselling author, thought-leader, and founder of the Chopra Center for Wellbeing, will reveal how tapping into your higher knowing means paying attention to clues that will support you in having what you really want in life.
The clues come in the form of coincidences – unusual and seemingly meaningless events that unfold in your everyday reality.
The key is learning how to recognize and correctly interpret those clues to guide your behavior. When you do, you will start to enjoy more opportunities. You will have more “good luck.”
Even life’s setbacks become important signals for you to choose a different path – one that‘s more closely aligned with who you really are and what you really want.
Harnessing the power of coincidence is not a skill you’re likely to have been taught. But it is easy to learn, and you will quickly be able to depend on it to guide you more effectively and effortlessly in the direction of your dreams.
Here’s how it works . . . during the SynchroDestiny course, you’ll discover how to:

Form a clear intention – to help you get from where you are now to where you’d like to be.
Become sensitive to the clues of the universe – and use those clues to turn your intentions into realities.
Break free of old behavioral patterns – like depending on the rigid ego mind and its plans and expectations.
Follow the chain of coincidence – expertly and automatically.
Effortlessly co-create the destiny you most desire – with joy and ease.




“I was off-track and I knew it. Since SynchroDestiny, I am without a doubt reconnecting with my true inner being, my soul’s purpose, and the true path for me. I’m starting to experience moments of true joy, which I haven’t felt in over 10 years.” —Barbara F.
“I’ve received clear direction on questions I have had for decades. As a result, my mental, emotional, physical and spiritual health all improved. I am SO grateful for these teachings!”  —Dan P.
“I see – or rather feel – what I am supposed to do now. I trust my intuition more and act with confidence. Now life is so much more fun!” —Mary R.


Here’s a closer look at everything you’ll cover in just 9 weeks:



Become grounded in the truth that you are powerful beyond measure to create the life you truly want … and understand why.
Master the art of setting deliberate intentions from a positive, heart-space (or what Deepak calls the most powerful tool in the co-creation process).
Discover the most fundamental, feeling-based way to shift your consciousness – the critical first step to experiencing more spontaneous fulfillment of your desires.
Get introduced to the 7 universal principles of SynchroDestiny that you will use to let go of what’s no longer serving you and create your brilliant, new reality.





Master Deepak’s more advanced methodology for shifting consciousness away from stress, fear, and limitation to peace, harmony, and infinite possibilities by following this guided, step-by-step process.
Find out what your relationships are really telling you and how to use those “clues” to support you in having what you want most in life.
Learn from Deepak the daily practice to support you in shifting your identity from a false, ego-based state, to your true, authentic self.
Discover the simple practice you can use anytime, anywhere to feel connected to the field of all possibilities and experience a calm, present, joyful state of being.

INTEGRATION WEEK

Review and absorb the principles of Session 1 and 2.
Receive live support on a Q&A call facilitated by Chopra Center Master Instructors who studied under Deepak, Rene Ringnalda, and Tris Thorp.
Apply the principles in your life and experience immediate shifts before moving on.





Understand the nature of the soul and its relationship to manifesting intentions.
Discover how to use conscious inner dialogue as a powerful tool for connecting to your true self.
Master the three principles of self-referral so your sense of wellbeing no longer depends on external circumstances.
Develop your ability to let go of grievances and receive miracles in their place.

INTEGRATION WEEK

Review and absorb the principles of Session 3.
Receive live support on a Q&A call facilitated by Chopra Center Master Instructors who studied under Deepak, Rene Ringnalda, and Tris Thorp.
Apply the principles in your life and experience immediate shifts before moving on.





Understand the connection between your sense of self and your reality.
Free yourself from old, limiting patterns to experience your full potential as co-creator with the universe.
Discover how to transform negative energy to eliminate emotional turbulence and live in peace.
Let go of painful emotions and conditioning from your past that may block you from experiencing happiness and fulfillment in the present.
Identify your personal archetypes and learn to draw upon them to help fulfill your dreams and your unique purpose in life.

INTEGRATION WEEK

Review and absorb the principles of Session 4.
Receive live support on a Q&A call facilitated by Chopra Center Master Instructors who studied under Deepak, Rene Ringnalda, and Tris Thorp.
Apply the principles in your life and experience immediate shifts before moving on.





Open yourself to the coincidences, possibilities, and opportunities available to you in every moment, as you put the tools and principles of SynchroDestiny into daily practice.
Discover how the principles of SynchroDestiny apply to not just your destiny, but your genetic destiny as you use them to influence your biology, health, and overall state of wellbeing.
Learn to recognize and correctly interpret the coincidences and messages you can now rely on to guide you effortlessly in the direction of your dreams.

INTEGRATION WEEK

Review and absorb the principles of Session 5.
Receive live support on a Q&A call facilitated by Chopra Center Master Instructors who studied under Deepak, Rene Ringnalda, and Tris Thorp.
Apply the principles in your life and experience immediate shifts before moving on.




When you register, we’ll send you access to everything you need to take full advantage of the course, including:

Private discussion forums, allowing you to share your experience and receive support from others on the same journey.
A rich library of session resources, including featured articles by Deepak, journal prompts, meditations, and videos.
A course overview that includes a more detailed description of what you will be learning each week.







Reviews
There are no reviews yet.




Leave Comment


Be the first to review “Deepak Chopra – SynchroDestiny Course” Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Your Rating
Rate…
Perfect
Good
Average
Not that bad
Very Poor
Your Review *Name * 
Email * 
 clear formSubmit

 








Related Products


Sale!






Add to cartProduct details







Jason O’Neil – Dropship Hacks – Outsource Lifestyle Without Any Physical Product Or Inventory
$997.00 $31.97





Sale!






Add to cartProduct details







Anton Kraly’s – Drop ship Lifestyle 2015
$997.00 $39.95





Sale!






Add to cartProduct details







Jon Tarr & Kyle Bell’s – Island Lifestyle Blueprint
$347.00 $57.00





Sale!






Add to cartProduct details







Harv Eker – FreedomFirst Wealth Coaching
$497.00 $57.00





Sale!






Add to cartProduct details







AWAI Katie Yeakle – Secrets of Writing for the Health Market
$399.00 $27.97





Sale!






Add to cartProduct details







Ryan Lee – All products – Lifestyle Business Training Vault
$1,997.00 $24.00











 



Contact Us 

Gmail : [email protected]

Skype : Ritavu1980
HOW TO BUY 
Our CategoriesShopHomeAll CoursesInternet MarketingSales MarketingSeo – TrafficCPAHypnosis – NPLForexHealth – FitnessReal EstateWholesalingYour CartTop Rated Products


 Syd Michael - Quick Cash Flipper How to Make $15k in 60 Days Flipping Cars

$497.00 $62.00


 CareerPreneurs – Gen X – Launch your career in 6 weeks

$277.00 $52.00


 Flow Fundamentals Online Training

$497.00 $62.00


 Vanessa Van Edwards - Ziva Mind Meditation

$199.00 $52.00


 Dandrew Media - Commercial Real Estate Financier

$1,497.00 $142.00
 



























 








  PRODUCTS – Deepak Chopra Dream Weaver 
  















































Deepak Chopra Dream Weaver and Dream Master

The Deepak Chopra Dream Weaver 3.0 For Apple and Android:  More Info



The Deepak Chopra Dream Master (no computer/phone needed)  More Info


  


WOW! 

"Love this app! Love to meditate but this took it even deeper. I even felt a little 'Alice In Wonderland' moment."

Third eye revealed  

"Peaceful journey; you reach an alternative consciousness"

Out of this world... 

"This was, by far, more than I had expected and worth every cent that I paid. I could literally feel the waves of energy and shifting of my brain into the altered state. I especially felt a definitive awareness in my 6th chakra, or third eye. After the strobes stopped, I could see many colors and shapes and what seemed like sparkles--I'm ecstatic!!! Thanks so much for this!!!"
Read more testimonials
Read News Articles




Satisfaction Guaranteed!

NOTE: Do Not Use if you have Photo-Induced Epilepsy; are under 18, pregnant or are under treatment for neurological or psychological disorders. Do not use while driving or operating machinery. 









MENU


HOME
PRODUCTS
PROGRAMS
ABOUT US
SUPPORT



PRODUCTS


DREAM WEAVER 3.0
DREAM MASTER
MP3 and CD PROGRAMS



PROGRAMS


VIRTUAL TRIP
PATH TO LOVE
BEING STILL
CHAKRA MEDITATION
COSMIC VISION

MORE ITEMS...



COMMONS


IN THE NEWS
FAQ
TESTIMONIALS
TROUBLESHOOTING
CONTACT
GUARANTY & WARRANTY
PRIVACY
TOS
DISCLAIMER






Copyright &copy 2017 Deepak Chopra Dream Weaver























Deepak Chopra – Audio CDs and Downloads – Discount



















 





 

 Customer Service | Check Out | View Cart

 



Search 
 

 

  

HomeProductsBooksAudio CDsMP3 DownloadDVD VideosPackagesAuthorsALL AuthorsTony AlessandraDaniel G. Amen M.D.Jack CanfieldGrant CardoneDale CarnegieStephen R. CoveySean CoveyWayne DyerLisa FordPatricia FrippDr. Lloyd GlaubermanNapoleon HillTom HopkinsPamela JettOg MandinoNorman Vincent PealeAnthony RobbinsJim RohnSteve SchiffmanBrian TracyDenis WaitleyJoel WeldonZig ZiglarMore AuthorsCategoriesAll CategoriesAnxietyAttitudeBusinessCommunicationGoalsHealth / Weight LossInspirationLeadershipMind DevelopmentMotivationPublic SpeakingRelationshipsRelaxationSales TrainingSelf-EsteemSpeed ReadingSuccessTeam BuildingTeens / KidsTime ManagementWealth BuildingSpecialsDiscount SpecialsScratch ‘n Dent ItemsArticles & BlogsArticlesOne Minute MotivatorsOne Minute Sales ClinicMotivational QuotesWhat’s New? 

 

 





Deepak Chopra

Deepak Chopra left a successful and highly regarded position as chief of staff at The New England Memorial Hospital in 1985 in order to dedicate his life to expanding the impact and effectiveness of conventional medicine. Today he is nationally recognized in the holistic health field for combining the technical world of Western medicine traditions of Eastern philosophies for total mind/body healing. Together, they lead not only to better health, but to a creative, fulfilled life.  More about Deepak Chopra



 
Creating Your World The Way You Really Want It To Be – audio
by Deepak Chopra, Wayne Dyer 

In this inspirational program, two of the most highly respected authors and teachers in the self-help field, tell you how you can create your world the way you really want it to be. Dr. Dyer and Dr. Chopra teach 4 steps to reduce the time between when you decide what you really, really, really want, and when it actually manifests. As Dr. Dyer says, “What you think about expands, so think about what you want — not about what you don’t want!” 
6 audio CDs$59.95$50.83
 
   


Journey to the Boundless – audio
by Deepak Chopra 

Explore the mind, body, and spirit. Eastern wisdom says we have a universe within ourselves as profound and infinite as the world outside. With Journey to the Boundless, break out of conceptual boundaries and step into the world of the boundless — which is pure creativity, pure freedom, and pure joy. This “live” seminar experience captures Dr. Deepak Chopra at his best.
6 audio CDs$35.00$29.97




   




Magical Mind Magical Body – audio
by Deepak Chopra 

Master the mind/body connection! Using research from the cutting edge of today’s medical science and quantum physics, Deepak Chopra M.D. relates how your mind is not only in your brain, but it’s influence is in every cell of your body. With his insights and assistance, you’ll be able to take control of our well-being and improve your physical health. 
5 audio CDs$35.00$29.97




   


SynchroDestiny – audio
by Deepak Chopra 

Discover the power of meaningful coincidence to manifest abundance in your life. With SynchroDestiny, harness the power of intention and other forces that shape your destiny. Using the insight of Deepak Chopra M.D., discover the 12 qualities of the Cosmic Energy Field, learn how science and magic merge at the quantum level of reality, foster the 4 qualities of a spiritually evolved person, and more!
8 CDs / 32-page workbook (pdf)$144.95$122.92
 
   




The Higher Self – audio
by Deepak Chopra 

In this powerful program, Dr. Chopra brings together the technical world of Western medicine and the spiritual traditions of Eastern philosophies. When combined, they lead not only to better health, but to a creative, fulfilled life. Learn to eliminate fears and obstacles to growth. Understand how the mind/body connection is the key to disease prevention. Tap into the different layers of the mind, body, and spirit to liberate your emotional body and live a life of joy and freedom.
7 CDs / chart$79.95$67.80
 
   


Training the Mind, Healing the Body – audio
by Deepak Chopra 

Preserve good health with Dr. Chopra’s mind/body approach! Training the Mind, Healing the Body will help you learn how to integrate the healing traditions of the East with the practical discoveries of Western science. Discover the intimate connection between your physical body and your emotional and spiritual well-being.
12 audio CDs + PDF workbook$169.95$144.77




   




Ultimate Deepak Chopra Collection – audio
by Deepak Chopra 

Now you can enjoy the ultimate collection of Deepak Chopra’s wisdom and teachings. This collection contains 20 CDs in 10 power-packed volumes. Nationally recognized as an icon in the holistic health field, Dr. Chopra presents practical and achievable skills that enable people to take control of their lives, remain more robust and youthful as they age, and access the body’s unlimited natural pharmacy for perfect health & wellness.
20 audio CDs$229.95$194.99




   


Whispers – audio
by Deepak Chopra, Dr. Jeffrey Thompson, Eckhart Tolle, Jack Canfield 

Whispers weaves powerful affirmational phrases written by four of the most inspiring teachers of our time: Eckhart Tolle, Deepak Chopra, and Jack Canfield, into a evocative musical soundtrack. Their words–spoken, sung, and “whispered” by Grammy award-winning vocalists–feed your mind and nourish your heart with love, vitality, and abundant joy. Lush instrumental music by Brian Scott Bennett enrich and enliven the experience.
4 audio CDs$29.98$25.27




16% offMP3 Download (4 hours)$29.98$19.57




35% off 






 
 




Home
Testimonials
Affiliate
Free Newsletter
About Us
Contact
 


Follow MindPerk! 



Customer Service Calculate Shipping
Download Instructions
Privacy & Security
View Shopping Cart
Return Policy
Terms of Use

 



Contact 801-943-3590
Contact@MindPerk.com

 




 MindPerk  © 2001-2017 - All Rights Reserved












Deepak Chopra - Wikipedia






















 







Deepak Chopra

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 20 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Deepak Chopra (disambiguation).


Deepak Chopra



Chopra in 2006



Pronunciation
/ˈdiːpɑːk ˈtʃoʊprə/ Hindustani: [d̪iːpək tʃoːpraː]


Born
(1946-10-22) October 22, 1946 (age 70)[1]
New Delhi, British India


Nationality
American[2]


Alma mater
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi


Occupation
Alternative medicine advocate, public speaker, writer


Spouse(s)
Rita Chopra


Children
Mallika Chopra and Gotham Chopra


Parent(s)
Krishan Chopra, Pushpa Chopra


Relatives
Sanjiv Chopra (brother)


Website
Official website


Deepak Chopra (born October 22, 1946) is an American author, public speaker, alternative medicine advocate, and a prominent figure in the New Age movement.[3][4][5] Through his books and videos, he has become one of the best-known and wealthiest figures in alternative medicine.[6]
Chopra studied medicine in India before emigrating to the United States in 1970 where he completed residencies in internal medicine and endocrinology. As a licensed physician, he became chief of staff at the New England Memorial Hospital (NEMH) in 1980.[7] He met Maharishi Mahesh Yogi in 1985 and became involved with the Transcendental Meditation movement (TM). He resigned his position at NEMH shortly thereafter to establish the Maharishi Ayurveda Health Center.[8] Chopra gained a following in 1993 after his interview on The Oprah Winfrey Show regarding his books.[9] He then left the TM movement to become the executive director of Sharp HealthCare's Center for Mind-Body Medicine and in 1996 he co-founded the Chopra Center for Wellbeing.[7][8][10]
Chopra believes that a person may attain "perfect health", a condition "that is free from disease, that never feels pain", and "that cannot age or die".[11][12] Seeing the human body as being undergirded by a "quantum mechanical body" composed not of matter but of energy and information, he believes that "human aging is fluid and changeable; it can speed up, slow down, stop for a time, and even reverse itself," as determined by one's state of mind.[11][13] He claims that his practices can also treat chronic disease.[14][15] As of 2014[update], Deepak Chopra lived in a "health-centric" condominium in Manhattan.[16]
The ideas Chopra promotes have been regularly criticized by medical and scientific professionals as pseudoscience.[17][18][19][20] This criticism has been described as ranging "from dismissive [to] damning".[17] For example, Robert Carroll states Chopra attempts to integrate Ayurveda with quantum mechanics to justify his teachings.[21] Chopra argues that what he calls "quantum healing" cures any manner of ailments, including cancer, through effects that he claims are literally based on the same principles as quantum mechanics.[15] This has led physicists to object to his use of the term quantum in reference to medical conditions and the human body.[15] His treatments benefit from the placebo response,[6] and some argue that his claims for the effectiveness of alternative medicine can lure sick people away from medical treatments.[17] He is placed by David Gorski among the "quacks", "cranks" and "purveyors of woo", and described as "arrogantly obstinate".[22] Richard Dawkins publicly exposed Chopra, accusing him of using "quantum jargon as plausible-sounding hocus pocus".[citation needed]



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life and education
1.2 East Coast years
1.3 West Coast years
1.4 Alternative medicine business
1.5 Teaching and other roles


2 Ideas and reception

2.1 Consciousness
2.2 Approach to health care
2.3 Alternative medicine
2.4 Aging
2.5 Spirituality and religion
2.6 Position on skepticism
2.7 Use of scientific terminology
2.8 Yoga


3 Legal actions
4 Select bibliography
5 See also
6 References
7 Further reading
8 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life and education[edit]
Chopra was born in New Delhi, India,[23] to Krishan Lal Chopra (1919–2001) and Pushpa Chopra.[24]
His paternal grandfather was a sergeant in the British Indian Army. His father was a prominent cardiologist, head of the department of medicine and cardiology at New Delhi's Moolchand Khairati Ram Hospital for over 25 years; he was also a lieutenant in the British army, serving as an army doctor at the front at Burma and acting as a medical adviser to Lord Mountbatten, viceroy of India.[25] As of 2014[update] Chopra's younger brother, Sanjiv Chopra, is a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School and on staff at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.[26]
Chopra completed his primary education at St. Columba's School in New Delhi and graduated from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in 1969.[citation needed][27] He spent his first months as a doctor working in rural India, including, he writes, six months in a village where the lights went out whenever it rained.[28] It was during his early career that he was drawn to study endocrinology, particularly neuroendocrinology, to find a biological basis for the influence of thoughts and emotions.[29]
He married in India in 1970 before emigrating with his wife that year to the United States.[9] The Indian government had banned its doctors from sitting the American Medical Association exam needed to practice in the USA, so Chopra had to travel to Sri Lanka to take it. After passing he arrived in the United States to take up a clinical internship at Muhlenberg Hospital in Plainfield, New Jersey, where doctors from overseas were being recruited to replace those serving in Vietnam.[30]
Between 1971 and 1977 he completed residencies in internal medicine at the Lahey Clinic in Burlington, Massachusetts, the VA Medical Center, St Elizabeth's Medical Center and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston.[31] He earned his license to practice medicine in the state of Massachusetts in 1973, becoming board certified in internal medicine, specializing in endocrinology.[32]
East Coast years[edit]
Chopra taught at the medical schools of Tufts University, Boston University and Harvard University,[33][34][35] and became Chief of Staff at the New England Memorial Hospital (NEMH) (later known as the Boston Regional Medical Center) in Stoneham, Massachusetts, before establishing a private practice in Boston in endocrinology.[36]




Maharishi Mahesh Yogi was an influence on Chopra in the 1980s


While visiting New Delhi in 1981, he met the physician Brihaspati Dev Triguna, head of the Indian Council for Ayurvedic Medicine, whose advice prompted him to begin investigating Ayurvedic practices.[37] Chopra was "drinking black coffee by the hour and smoking at least a pack of cigarettes a day".[38] He took up Transcendental Meditation to help him stop; as of 2006[update] he continued to meditate for two hours every morning and half an hour in the evening.[39]
Chopra's involvement with TM led to a meeting, in 1985, with the leader of the TM movement, Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, who asked him to establish an Ayurvedic health center.[8][40] He left his position at the NEMH. Chopra said that one of the reasons he left was his disenchantment at having to prescribe too many drugs: "[W]hen all you do is prescribe medication, you start to feel like a legalized drug pusher. That doesn't mean that all prescriptions are useless, but it is true that 80 percent of all drugs prescribed today are of optional or marginal benefit."[41]
He became the founding president of the American Association of Ayurvedic Medicine, one of the founders of Maharishi Ayur-Veda Products International, and medical director of the Maharishi Ayur-Veda Health Center in Lancaster, Massachusetts. The center charged between $2,850 and $3,950 a week for Ayurvedic cleansing rituals such as massages, enemas and oil baths; TM lessons cost an additional $1,000. Celebrity patients included Elizabeth Taylor.[42] Chopra also became one of the TM movement's spokespersons. In 1989 the Maharishi awarded him the title "Dhanvantari of Heaven and Earth" (Dhanvantari is the Hindu physician to the gods).[43] That year Chopra's Quantum Healing: Exploring the Frontiers of Mind/Body Medicine was published, followed by Perfect Health: The Complete Mind/Body Guide (1990).[7]
West Coast years[edit]
In June 1993 he moved to California as executive director of Sharp HealthCare's Institute for Human Potential and Mind/Body Medicine, and head of their Center for Mind/Body Medicine, a clinic in an exclusive resort in Del Mar, California that charged $4,000 a week and included Michael Jackson's family among its clients.[44] Chopra and Jackson first met in 1988 and remained friends for 20 years. When Jackson died in 2009 after being administered prescription drugs, Chopra said he hoped it would be a call to action against the "cult of drug-pushing doctors, with their co-dependent relationships with addicted celebrities".[45][46]
Chopra left the Transcendental Meditation movement around the time he moved to California in January 1993.[47] By his own account, the Maharishi had accused him of competing for the Maharishi's position as guru,[48] although Chopra rejects identification as a "guru".[49] According to Robert Todd Carroll, Chopra left the TM organization when it "became too stressful" and was a "hindrance to his success".[50] Cynthia Ann Humes writes that the Maharishi was concerned, and not only with regard to Chopra, that rival systems were being taught at lower prices.[51] Chopra, for his part, was worried that his close association with the TM movement might prevent Ayurvedic medicine from being accepted as legitimate, particularly after the problems with the JAMA article.[52] He also stated that he had become uncomfortable with what seemed like a "cultish atmosphere around Maharishi".[53]
In 1995 Chopra was not licensed to practice medicine in California where he had a clinic; however, he did not see patients at this clinic "as a doctor" during this time.[54] In 2004 he received his California medical licence, and as of 2014[update] is affiliated with Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla, California.[55][56][57] Chopra is the owner and supervisor of the Mind-Body Medical Group within the Chopra Center, which in addition to standard medical treatment offers personalized advice about nutrition, sleep-wake cycles and stress management, based on mainstream medicine and Ayurveda.[58] He is a fellow of the American College of Physicians and member of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists.[59]
The couple had two adult children and three grandchildren as of 2013[update].[5] As of 2014[update], Deepak Chopra lived in a "health-centric" condominium in Manhattan.[16]
Alternative medicine business[edit]
Chopra's Ageless Body, Timeless Mind: The Quantum Alternative to Growing Old was published in 1993.[7] The book and his friendship with Michael Jackson gained him an interview on July 12 that year on Oprah, which made him a household name. Paul Offit writes that within 24 hours Chopra had sold 137,000 copies of his book and 400,000 by the end of the week.[60] Four days after the interview, the Maharishi National Council of the Age of Enlightenment wrote to TM centers in the United States, instructing them not to promote Chopra, and his name and books were removed from the movement's literature and health centers.[61] Neuroscientist Tony Nader became the movement's new "Dhanvantari of Heaven and Earth".[62]
Sharp HealthCare changed ownership in 1996 and Chopra left to set up the Chopra Center for Wellbeing with neurologist David Simon, now located at the Omni La Costa Resort and Spa in Carlsbad, California.[63] In his 2013 book Do You Believe in Magic?, Paul Offit writes that Chopra's business grosses approximately $20 million annually, and is built on the sale of various alternative medicine products such as herbal supplements, massage oils, books, videos and courses. A year's worth of products for "anti-ageing" can cost up to $10,000, Offit wrote.[64] Chopra himself is estimated to be worth over $80 million as of 2014[update].[65] As of 2005[update], according to Srinivas Aravamudan, he was able to charge $25,000 to $30,000 per lecture five or six times a month.[66] Medical anthropologist Hans Baer said Chopra was an example of a successful entrepreneur, but that he focused too much on serving the upper-class through an alternative to medical hegemony, rather than a truly holistic approach to health.[11]
Teaching and other roles[edit]
Chopra serves as an adjunct professor in the marketing division at Columbia Business School.[67] He serves as adjunct professor of executive programs at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.[68] He participates annually as a lecturer at the Update in Internal Medicine event sponsored by Harvard Medical School and the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.[69] Robert Carroll writes of Chopra charging $25,000 per lecture, "giving spiritual advice while warning against the ill effects of materialism".[70]
In 2015, Chopra partnered with businessman Paul Tudor Jones II to found JUST Capital, a non-profit which ranks companies in terms of just business practices in an effort to promote economic justice.[71][72] In 2014 Chopra founded ISHAR (Integrative Studies Historical Archive and Repository).[73] In 2012, Chopra joined the board of advisors for tech startup State.com, creating a browsable network of structured opinions.[74] In 2009 Chopra founded the Chopra Foundation, a tax-exempt 501(c) organization that raises funds to promote and research alternative health.[75] The Foundation sponsors annual Sages and Scientists conferences.[76] He sits on the board of advisors of the National Ayurvedic Medical Association.[77] Chopra founded the American Association for Ayurvedic Medicine (AAAM) and Maharishi AyurVeda Products International, though he later distanced himself from these organizations.[78] In 2005 Chopra was appointed as a senior scientist at The Gallup Organization.[79] Since 2004 he has been a board member of Men's Wearhouse, a men's clothing distributor.[80] In 2006 he launched Virgin Comics with his son Gotham Chopra and entrepreneur Richard Branson.[81] In 2016 Chopra was promoted from assistant professor to full professor at the University of California, San Diego in their Department of Family Medicine.[82]
Ideas and reception[edit]
Chopra believes that a person may attain "perfect health", a condition "that is free from disease, that never feels pain", and "that cannot age or die".[11][12] Seeing the human body as being undergirded by a "quantum mechanical body" comprised not of matter but of energy and information, he believes that "human aging is fluid and changeable; it can speed up, slow down, stop for a time, and even reverse itself," as determined by one's state of mind.[11][13] He claims that his practices can also treat chronic disease.[14][15]
Consciousness[edit]
Chopra speaks and writes regularly about metaphysics, including the study of consciousness and Vedanta philosophy. He is a philosophical idealist, arguing for the primacy of consciousness over matter and for teleology and intelligence in nature – that mind, or "dynamically active consciousness", is a fundamental feature of the universe.[83]
In this view, consciousness is both subject and object.[84] It is consciousness, he writes, that creates reality; we are not "physical machines that have somehow learned to think...[but] thoughts that have learned to create a physical machine".[85] He argues that the evolution of species is the evolution of consciousness seeking to express itself as multiple observers; the universe experiences itself through our brains: "We are the eyes of the universe looking at itself".[86] He has been quoted as saying "Charles Darwin was wrong. Consciousness is key to evolution and we will soon prove that."[87] He opposes reductionist thinking in science and medicine, arguing that we can trace the physical structure of the body down to the molecular level and still have no explanation for beliefs, desires, memory and creativity.[88] In his book Quantum Healing, Chopra stated the conclusion that quantum entanglement links everything in the Universe, and therefore it must create consciousness.[89]
Approach to health care [edit]




Deepak Chopra at the Clinton "Health Matters" Conference in La Quinta, California, January 14, 2013


Chopra argues that everything that happens in the mind and brain is physically represented elsewhere in the body, with mental states (thoughts, feelings, perceptions and memories) directly influencing physiology by means of neurotransmitters such as dopamine, oxytocin and serotonin. He has stated, "Your mind, your body and your consciousness – which is your spirit – and your social interactions, your personal relationships, your environment, how you deal with the environment, and your biology are all inextricably woven into a single process … By influencing one, you influence everything."[90]
Chopra and physicians at the Chopra Center practise integrative medicine, combining the medical model of conventional Western medicine with alternative therapies such as yoga, mindfulness meditation, and Ayurveda.[91][92] According to Ayurveda, illness is caused by an imbalance in the patient's doshas or humours, and is treated with diet, exercise and meditative practices[93] – based on the medical evidence there is, however, nothing in Ayurvedic medicine that is known to be effective at treating disease, and some preparations may be actively harmful, although meditation may be useful in promoting general wellbeing.[94]
In discussing health care, Chopra has used the term "quantum healing", which he defined in Quantum Healing (1989) as the "ability of one mode of consciousness (the mind) to spontaneously correct the mistakes in another mode of consciousness (the body)".[95] This attempted to wed the Maharishi's version of Ayurvedic medicine with concepts from physics, an example of what cultural historian Kenneth Zysk called "New Age Ayurveda".[96] The book introduced Chopra's view that a person's thoughts and feelings give rise to all cellular processes.[97]
Chopra coined the term quantum healing to invoke the idea of a process whereby a person's health "imbalance" is corrected by quantum mechanical means. Chopra said that quantum phenomena are responsible for health and wellbeing. He has attempted to integrate Ayurveda, a traditional Indian system of medicine, with quantum mechanics, in order to justify his teachings. According to Robert Carroll, he "charges $25,000 per lecture performance, where he spouts a few platitudes and gives spiritual advice while warning against the ill effects of materialism".[21]
Chopra has equated spontaneous remission in cancer to a change in quantum state, corresponding to a jump to "a new level of consciousness that prohibits the existence of cancer". Physics professor Robert L. Park has written that physicists "wince" at the "New Age quackery" in Chopra's cancer theories, and characterizes them as a cruel fiction, since adopting them in place of effective treatment risks compounding the ill effects of the disease with guilt, and might rule out the prospect of getting a genuine cure.[15]
Chopra's claims of quantum healing have attracted controversy due to what has been described as a "systematic misinterpretation" of modern physics.[98] Chopra's connections between quantum mechanics and alternative medicine are widely regarded in the scientific community as being invalid. The main criticism revolves around the fact that macroscopic objects are too large to exhibit inherently quantum properties like interference and wave function collapse. Most literature on quantum healing is almost entirely theosophical, omitting the rigorous mathematics that makes quantum electrodynamics possible.[99]
Physicists have objected to Chopra's use of terms from quantum physics; he was awarded the satirical Ig Nobel Prize in physics in 1998 for "his unique interpretation of quantum physics as it applies to life, liberty, and the pursuit of economic happiness".[100] When Chopra and Jean Houston debated Sam Harris and Michael Shermer in 2010 on the question "Does God Have a Future?", Harris argued that Chopra's use of "spooky physics" merged two language games in a "completely unprincipled way".[18] Interviewed in 2007 by Richard Dawkins, Chopra said that he used the term quantum as a metaphor when discussing healing and that it had little to do with quantum theory in physics.[101]
Chopra wrote in 2000 that his AIDS patients were combining mainstream medicine with activities based on Ayurveda, including taking herbs, meditation and yoga.[102] He acknowledges that AIDS is caused by the HIV virus, but says that, "'[h]earing' the virus in its vicinity, the DNA mistakes it for a friendly or compatible sound". Ayurveda uses vibrations which are said to correct this supposed sound distortion.[103] Medical professor Lawrence Schneiderman writes that Chopra's treatment has "to put it mildly...no supporting empirical data".[104]
In 2001, ABC News aired a show segment on the topic of distance healing and prayer.[105] In it Chopra said that "there is a realm of reality that goes beyond the physical where in fact we can influence each other from a distance".[105] Chopra was shown using his claimed mental powers in an attempt to relax a person in another room, whose vital signs were recorded in charts which were said to show a correspondence between Chopra's periods of concentration and the subject's periods of relaxation.[105] After the show, a poll of its viewers found that 90% of them believed in distance healing.[106] Health and science journalist Christopher Wanjek has criticized the experiment, saying that any correspondence evident from the charts would prove nothing, but that even so freezing the frame of the video showed the correspondences were not so close as claimed. Wanjek characterized the broadcast as "an instructive example of how bad medicine is presented as exciting news" which had "a dependence on unusual or sensational science results that others in the scientific community renounce as unsound".[105]
Alternative medicine[edit]
See also: Maharishi Vedic Approach to Health
Chopra has been described as "America's most prominent spokesman for Ayurveda".[78] His treatments benefit from the placebo response.[6] Chopra states "The placebo effect is real medicine, because it triggers the body's healing system."[107]
Chopra has metaphorically described the AIDS virus as emitting "a sound that lures the DNA to its destruction". The condition can be treated, according to Chopra, with "Ayurveda's primordial sound".[14] Taking issue with this view, medical professor Lawrence Schneiderman has said that ethical issues are raised when alternative medicine is not based on empirical evidence and that, "to put it mildly, Dr. Chopra proposes a treatment and prevention program for AIDS that has no supporting empirical data".[14]
He is placed by David Gorski among the "quacks", "cranks" and "purveyors of woo", and described as "arrogantly obstinate".[22] The New York Times in 2013 stated that Deepak Chopra is "the controversial New Age guru and booster of alternative medicine".[5] The Time magazine stated that he is "the poet-prophet of alternative medicine."[108] He has become one of the best-known and wealthiest figures in the holistic-health movement.[6] The Times argued that his publishers have used his medical degree on the covers of his books as a way to promote the books and buttress their claims.[54] In 1999 Time magazine included Chopra in its list of the 20th century's heroes and icons. The following year Mikhail Gorbachev referred to him as "one of the most lucid and inspired philosophers of our time". Cosmo Landesman wrote in 2005 that Chopra was "hardly a man now, more a lucrative new age brand – the David Beckham of personal/spiritual growth".[109] A 2008 Time magazine article by Ptolemy Tompkins commented that for most of his career Chopra had been a "magnet for criticism", and most of it was from the medical and scientific professionals.[17] Opinions ranged from the "dismissive" to the "outright damning".[17] Chopra's claims for the effectiveness of alternative medicine can, some have argued, lure sick people away from medical treatments.[17] Tompkins however considered Chopra a "beloved" individual whose basic messages centered on "love, health and happiness" had made him rich because of their popular appeal.[17] English professor George O'Har argues that Chopra exemplifies the need of human beings for meaning and spirit in their lives, and places what he calls Chopra's "sophistries" alongside the emotivism of Oprah Winfrey.[110] Paul Kurtz writes that Chopra's "regnant spirituality" is reinforced by postmodern criticism of the notion of objectivity in science, while Wendy Kaminer equates Chopra's views with irrational belief systems such as New Thought, Christian Science, and Scientology.[111]
Aging[edit]
Chopra believes that "ageing is simply learned behaviour" that can be slowed or prevented.[112] Chopra has said that he expects "to live way beyond 100".[113] He states that "by consciously using our awareness, we can influence the way we age biologically...You can tell your body not to age."[114] Conversely, Chopra also says that ageing can be accelerated, for example by a person engaging in "cynical mistrust".[115]
Robert Todd Carroll has characterized Chopra's promotion of lengthened life as a selling of "hope" that seems to be "a false hope based on an unscientific imagination steeped in mysticism and cheerily dispensed gibberish".[21]
Spirituality and religion[edit]
Chopra has likened the universe to a "reality sandwich" which has three layers: the "material" world, a "quantum" zone of matter and energy, and a "virtual" zone outside of time and space, which is the domain of God, and from which God can direct the other layers. Chopra has written that human beings' brains are "hardwired to know God" and that the functions of the human nervous system mirror divine experience.[116] Chopra has written that his thinking has been inspired by Jiddu Krishnamurti, a 20th-century speaker and writer on philosophical and spiritual subjects.[117]
In 2012, reviewing War of the Worldviews – a book co-authored by Chopra and Leonard Mlodinow – physics professor Mark Alford says that the work is set out as a debate between the two authors, "[covering] all the big questions: cosmology, life and evolution, the mind and brain, and God". Alford considers the two sides of the debate a false opposition, and says that "the counterpoint to Chopra's speculations is not science, with its complicated structure of facts, theories, and hypotheses," but rather Occam's razor.[118]
In August 2005, Chopra wrote a series of articles on the creation-evolution controversy and Intelligent design, which were criticized by science writer Michael Shermer, founder of The Skeptics Society.[119][120][121] In 2010, Shermer said that Chopra is "the very definition of what we mean by pseudoscience".[18]
Position on skepticism[edit]
Paul Kurtz, an American skeptic and secular humanist, has written that the popularity of Chopra's views is associated with increasing anti-scientific attitudes in society, and such popularity represents an assault on the objectivity of science itself by seeking new, alternative forms of validation for ideas. Kurtz says that medical claims must always be submitted to open-minded but proper scrutiny, and that skepticism "has its work cut out for it".[122]
In 2013, Chopra published an article on what he saw as "skepticism" at work in Wikipedia, arguing that a "stubborn band of militant skeptics" were editing articles to prevent what he believes would be a fair representation of the views of such figures as Rupert Sheldrake, an author, lecturer, and researcher in parapsychology. The result, Chopra argued, was that the encyclopedia's readers were denied the opportunity to read of attempts to "expand science beyond its conventional boundaries".[123] The biologist Jerry Coyne responded, saying that it was instead Chopra who was losing out as his views were being "exposed as a lot of scientifically-sounding psychobabble".[123]
More broadly, Chopra has attacked skepticism as a whole, writing in The Huffington Post that "No skeptic, to my knowledge, ever made a major scientific discovery or advanced the welfare of others."[124] Astronomer Phil Plait said this statement trembled "on the very edge of being a blatant and gross lie", listing Carl Sagan, Richard Feynman, Stephen Jay Gould, and Edward Jenner among the "thousands of scientists [who] are skeptics", who he said were counterexamples to Chopra's statement.[125]
Use of scientific terminology[edit]
See also: Quantum mysticism
Reviewing Susan Jacoby's book, The Age of American Unreason, Wendy Kaminer sees Chopra's popular reception in the USA as being symptomatic of many Americans' historical inability (as Jacoby puts it) "to distinguish between real scientists and those who peddled theories in the guise of science". Chopra's "nonsensical references to quantum physics" are placed in a lineage of American religious pseudoscience, extending back through Scientology to Christian Science.[19] Physics professor Chad Orzel has written that "to a physicist, Chopra's babble about 'energy fields' and 'congealing quantum soup' presents as utter gibberish", but that Chopra makes enough references to technical terminology to convince non-scientists that he understands physics.[126] English professor George O'Har writes that Chopra is as an exemplification of the fact that human beings need "magic" in their lives, and places "the sophistries of Chopra" alongside the emotivism of Oprah Winfrey, the special effects and logic of Star Trek, and the magic of Harry Potter.[127]
Chopra has been criticized for his frequent references to the relationship of quantum mechanics to healing processes, a connection that has drawn skepticism from physicists who say it can be considered as contributing to the general confusion in the popular press regarding quantum measurement, decoherence and the Heisenberg uncertainty principle.[128] In 1998, Chopra was awarded the satirical Ig Nobel Prize in physics for "his unique interpretation of quantum physics as it applies to life, liberty, and the pursuit of economic happiness".[129] When interviewed by ethologist and evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins in the Channel 4 (UK) documentary The Enemies of Reason, Chopra said that he used the term "quantum physics" as "a metaphor" and that it had little to do with quantum theory in physics.[130] In March 2010, Chopra and Jean Houston debated Sam Harris and Michael Shermer at the California Institute of Technology on the question "Does God Have a Future?" Shermer and Harris criticized Chopra's use of scientific terminology to expound unrelated spiritual concepts.[18]
A 2015 paper examining "the reception and detection of pseudo-profound bullshit" used Chopra's Twitter feed as the canonical example, and compared this with fake Chopra quotes generated by a spoof website.[20][131][132]
Yoga[edit]
In April 2010 Aseem Shukla, co-founder of the Hindu American Foundation, criticized Chopra for suggesting that yoga did not have its origins in Hinduism but in an older Indian spiritual tradition.[133] Chopra later said that yoga was rooted in "consciousness alone" expounded by Vedic rishis long before historic Hinduism ever arose. He accused Shukla of having a "fundamentalist agenda". Shukla responded by saying Chopra was an exponent of the art of "How to Deconstruct, Repackage and Sell Hindu Philosophy Without Calling it Hindu!", and he said Chopra's mentioning of fundamentalism was an attempt to divert the debate.[134][135]
Legal actions[edit]
In May 1991, the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) published an article by Chopra and two others on Ayurvedic medicine and TM.[136] JAMA subsequently published an erratum stating that the lead author, Hari M. Sharma, had undisclosed financial interests, followed by an article by JAMA associate editor Andrew A. Skolnick which was highly critical of Chopra and the other authors for failing to disclose their financial connections to the article subject.[137] Several experts on meditation and traditional Indian medicine criticized JAMA for accepting the "shoddy science" of the original article.[138] Chopra and two TM groups sued Skolnick and JAMA for defamation, asking for $194 million in damages, but the case was dismissed in March 1993.[139]
Chopra was sued for copyright infringement by Robert Sapolsky, for using a chart displaying information on the endocrinology of stress without proper attribution, after the publication of Chopra's book Ageless Body, Timeless Mind.[140] "An out-of-court settlement" resulted in Chopra correctly attributing material that was researched by Sapolsky.[141]
Select bibliography[edit]
As of 2015[update], Chopra has written 80 books, 21 of them New York Times bestsellers, which have been translated into 43 languages.[142] His book The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success was on The New York Times Best Seller list[143] for 72 weeks.[144]
Books


(1987) Creating Health. New York: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 0-395-42953-6. 
(1989) Quantum Healing. New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-553-05368-X. 
(1991) Perfect Health. New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-553-81367-6. 
(1991) Return of the Rishi: A Doctor's Story of Spiritual Transformation and Ayurvedic Healing. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 978-0-395-57420-1. 
(1993) Ageless Body Timeless Mind. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-517-59257-6. 
(1994) The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success. San Rafael: Amber Allen Publishing and New World Library. ISBN 1-878424-11-4. 
(1995) The Return of Merlin. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-517-59849-3. 
(1995) The Way of the Wizard. New York: Random House. ISBN 0-517-70434-X. 
(1996) The Path to Love. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-517-70622-0. 
(2000) with David Simon, The Chopra Center Herbal Handbook. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-609-80390-5. 
(2004) The Book of Secrets. New York: Harmony. ISBN 0-517-70624-5. 
(2008) The Soul of Leadership. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-40806-X. 
(2008) The Third Jesus. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-33831-2. 
(2009) Reinventing the Body, Resurrecting the Soul. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-307-45233-7. 
(2011) with Leonard Mlodinow, War of the Worldviews. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-307-88688-0. 
(2011) with Gotham Chopra, The Seven Spiritual Laws of Superheroes: Harnessing Our Power to Change the World. HarperOne. ISBN 978-0-06-205966-6. 
(2012) God: A Story of Revelation. New York: HarperOne. ISBN 978-0-06-202069-7. 
(2012) with Rudolph E. Tanzi, Super Brain. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-95682-2. 
(2013) with Sanjiv Chopra, Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. New York: New Harvest. ISBN 978-0-544-03210-1. 
(2013) What Are You Hungry For?. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-7704-3721-4. 
(2015) with Rudolph Tanzi, Super Genes. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-8041-4013-8. :





See also[edit]


India portal
Biography portal
Health and fitness portal
Psychology portal



Celebrity doctor
Hard problem of consciousness
Indian Americans
Indians in the New York City metropolitan region
List of people in alternative medicine
Panpsychism
Spiritual naturalism

References[edit]


^ Deepak Chopra; Sanjiv Chopra (2013). Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. pp. 5–. ISBN 0-544-03210-1. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Jeffrey Brown (May 13, 2013). "Chopra Brothers Tell Story of How They Became Americans and Doctors in Memoir". PBS News Hour. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Deepak Chopra; Sanjiv Chopra (2013). Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. p. 194. ISBN 0-544-03210-1. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
Boye Lafayette De Mente (January 1, 1976). Cultural Failures That Are Destroying the American Dream! – The Destructive Influence of Male Dominance & Religious Dogma!. Cultural-Insight Books. p. 42. ISBN 978-0-914778-17-2. 
^ Alter, Charlotte (November 26, 2014). "Deepak Chopra on Why Gratitude is Good For You". Time. Retrieved December 16, 2014. 
^ "Deepak Chopra". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Chopra 1991, pp. 54–57; Joanne Kaufman, "Deepak Chopra – An 'Inner Stillness,' Even on the Subway," The New York Times, October 17, 2013.
^ a b c d John Gamel, "Hokum on the Rise: The 70-Percent Solution", The Antioch Review, 66(1), 2008, p. 130.
^ a b c d Perry, Tony (September 7, 1997). "So Rich, So Restless". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved November 10, 2013. 
^ a b c Baer 2003, p. 237.
^ a b Dunkel, Tom (2005). "Inner Peacekeeper". The Baltimore Sun. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ David Steele (September 11, 2012). The Million Dollar Private Practice: Using Your Expertise to Build a Business That Makes a Difference. John Wiley & Sons. pp. 26–. ISBN 978-1-118-22081-8. 
^ a b c d e Baer, HA (June 2003). "The work of Andrew Weil and Deepak Chopra—two holistic health/New Age gurus: a critique of the holistic health/New Age movements.". Medical anthropology quarterly. 17 (2): 240–241. JSTOR 3655336. PMID 12846118. doi:10.1525/maq.2003.17.2.233. 
^ a b Chopra, Deepak (December 2007). Perfect Health—Revised and Updated: The Complete Mind Body Guide. New York, NY: Three Rivers Press. p. 7. 
^ a b Chopra, Deepak (1997). Ageless Body, Timeless Mind: The Quantum Alternative to Growing Old. Random House. p. 6. 
^ a b c d Schneiderman, LJ (2003). "The (alternative) medicalization of life". Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics. 31 (2): 191–7. PMID 12964263. doi:10.1111/j.1748-720X.2003.tb00080.x. 
^ a b c d e Park, Robert L (September 1, 2005). "Chapter 9: Voodoo medicine in a scientific world". In Ashman, Keith; Barringer, Phillip. After the Science Wars: Science and the Study of Science. Routledge. pp. 137–. ISBN 978-1-134-61618-3. 
^ a b Zoe Rosenberg (February 26, 2014). "Deepak Chopra Drops $14.5M on Health-Centric Delos Condo". Vox Media. Retrieved December 25, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g Tompkins, Ptolemy (November 14, 2008). "New Age Supersage". Time. Archived from the original on April 12, 2009. Ever since his early days as an advocate of alternative healing and nutrition, Chopra has been a magnet for criticism—most of it from the medical and scientific communities. Accusations have ranged from the dismissive—Chopra is just another huckster purveying watered-down Eastern wisdom mixed with pseudo science and pop psychology—to the outright damning. 
^ a b c d "Face-Off: Does God Have a Future". Nightline. Season 30. Episode 58. Transcript from the Internet Archive. March 23, 2010. ABC. Retrieved July 9, 2010. 
^ a b Kaminer, Wendy (2008). "The Corrosion of the American Mind (reviewing The Age of American Unreason by Susan Jacoby)". The Wilson Quarterly. 32 (2): 92. JSTOR 40262377. Then came Scientology, the "science" of positive thinking, and, more recently, New Age healer Deepak Chopra's nonsensical references to quantum physics 
^ a b "Scientists find a link between low intelligence and acceptance of 'pseudo-profound bulls***'". The Independent. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ a b c Carroll, Robert Todd (May 19, 2013), "Deepak Chopra", The Skeptic's Dictionary 
^ a b David Gorski. "Deepak Chopra tries his hand at a clinical trial. Woo ensues". Retrieved 20 December 2016. 
^ Chamberlain, Adrian (October 10, 2015). "Backstage: A lesson in concentration from Deepak Chopra". Times Colonist. 
^ Chopra and Chopra 2013, pp. 5, 161.
^ Chopra 2013, pp. 5–6, 11–13; Michael Schulder (May 24, 2013). "The Chopra Brothers". CNN. 
^ "Chopra, Sanjiv, MD" Archived December 20, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. Retrieved May 15, 2014.
^ The AIIMSonians alumni site notes he joined AIIMS in 1964. Retrieved August 25, 2015.
^ Deepak Chopra, Return of the Rishi, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 1991, p. 1.
^ Carl Lindgren (March 31, 2010). "International Dreamer – Deepak Chopra". Map Magazine's Street Editors. Archived from the original on July 16, 2011. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 57; Deepak Chopra, "Special Keynote with Dr. Deepak Chopra", November 2013, from 2:50 mins; Richard Knox, "Foreign doctors: a US dilemma", Boston Globe, June 30, 1974.
^ "Dr. Deepak K Chopra", U.S. News and World Report.
^ "Deepak K. Chopra, M.D.", Commonwealth of Massachusetts Board of Registration in Medicine; "Verify a Physician's Certification" Archived December 13, 2013, at the Wayback Machine., American Board of Internal Medicine.
^ Lambert, Craig A. (July 1989). "Quantum Healing: An Interview with Deepak Chopra, M.D.". Yoga Journal (87): 47–53. 
^ Young, Anna M. (2014). Prophets, Gurus, and Pundits: Rhetorical Styles and Public Engagement. SIU Press. pp. 59–68. ISBN 9780809332953. OCLC 871781118. 
^ Hill, Maria (2016). The Emerging Sensitive: A Guide for Finding Your Place in the World. BookBaby. ISBN 9781682224755. OCLC 953493840. 
^ "Toward an Integrative Medicine". google.se. p. 121. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 105ff.
^ Chopra 1991, p. 125.
^ Rosamund Burton (June 4, 2006). "Peace Seeker". Nova Magazine. Archived from the original on November 5, 2013. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 139ff
^ Nafeez Mosaddeq Ahmed, "The Crisis of Perception", Media Monitors Network, February 29, 2008.
^ Elise Pettus, "The Mind–Body Problems," New York, August 14, 1995, (pp. 28–31, 95), p. 30. Also see Deepak Chopra, "Letters: Deepak responds," New York Magazine, September 25, 1995, p. 16.
^ Cynthia Ann Humes, "Schisms within Hindu guru groups: the Transcendental Meditation movement in North America," in James R. Lewis, Sarah M. Lewis (eds.), Sacred Schisms: How Religions Divide, Cambridge University Press, 2009, p. 297. Also see Cynthia Ann Humes, "Maharishi Mahesh Yogi: Beyond the TM Technique," in Thomas A. Forsthoefel, Cynthia Ann Humes (eds.), Gurus in America, State University of New York Press, 2005, pp. 68–69.
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31.
^ Deepak Chopra, "A Tribute to My Friend, Michael Jackson".
^ The Huffington Post, June 26, 2009; Gerald Posner, "Deepak Chopra: How Michael Jackson Could Have Been Saved", The Daily Beast, July 2, 2009, p. 4.
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31; Baer 2004, p. 129.
^ Deepak Chopra, "The Maharishi Years – The Untold Story: Recollections of a Former Disciple", The Huffington Post, February 13, 2008.
^ Nilanjana Bhaduri Jha (June 22, 2004). "'Employee loyalty comes first, the rest will follow' – Economic Times". The Times of India. Retrieved June 4, 2014. 
^ Carroll, Robert Todd (January 11, 2011). The Skeptic's Dictionary: A Collection of Strange Beliefs, Amusing Deceptions, and Dangerous Delusions. John Wiley & Sons. p. 48. ISBN 978-1-118-04563-3. 
^ Humes 2005, p. 69; Humes 2009, pp. 299, 302.
^ Cynthia Ann Humes, "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Perfect Health through Enlightened Marketing in America," in Frederick M. Smith, Dagmar Wujastyk (eds.), Modern and Global Ayurveda: Pluralism and Paradigms, State University of New York Press, 2008, p. 324.
^ Hoffman, Claire (February 22, 2013). "David Lynch Is Back … as a Guru of Transcendental Meditation". The New York Times. 
^ a b LLC, New York Media, (August 14, 1995). New York Magazine. New York Media, LLC. pp. 95–. Retrieved December 16, 2014. 
^ "Chopra, Deepak", California Department of Consumer Affairs. Retrieved March 23, 2016.
^ "Dr. Deepak K Chopra", U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved March 23, 2016.
^ "Endocrinologists, Scripps La Jolla Hospitals and Clinics", U.S. News & World Report. Archived May 29, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Mind–Body Medical Group" Archived May 29, 2014, at the Wayback Machine., Chopra Center; Deepak Chopra, "The Mind–Body Medical Group at the Chopra Center", The Chopra Well, May 26, 2014.
^ "Deepak Chopra, M.D.", The Chopra Center.
^ Paul A. Offit, Do You Believe in Magic? The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative Medicine, HarperCollins, 2013, p. 39; "Full Transcript: Your Call with Dr Deepak Chopra", NDTV, January 23, 2012; also see Craig Bromberg, "Doc of Ages," People, November 15, 1993.
^ For the National Council's letter, Humes 2005, p. 68; Humes 2009, p. 297; for the rest, Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31.
^ Humes 2008, p. 326.
^ David Ogul (February 9, 2012). "David Simon, 61, mind-body medicine pioneer, opened Chopra Center for Wellbeing". U-T San Diego. p. 1. 
^ Offit, Paul (2013). Do You Believe in Magic? The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative Medicine. HarperCollins. pp. 245–246. ISBN 978-0-06-222296-1. 
^ Rowe 2014, Truly, madly, deeply Deepak Chopra.
^ Srinivas Aravamudan, Guru English: South Asian Religion in a Cosmopolitan Language, Princeton University Press, 2005, p. 257.
^ "Deepak Chopra | Columbia Business School Directory". Columbia Business School, Columbia University in the City of New York. Retrieved December 12, 2015. 
^ "Deepak Chopra – Faculty – Kellogg School of Management". Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. Retrieved March 18, 2016. 
^ "Update in Internal Medicine". updateinternalmedicine.com/faculty. updateinternalmedicine.com. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Robert Todd Carroll (2011). "Auyrvedic medicine". The Skeptic's Dictionary. John Wiley & Sons. p. 48. ISBN 978-1-118-04563-3. 
^ Stanley, Alessandra. "A Plan to Rank 'Just' Companies Aims to Close the Wealth Gap". The New York Times. Retrieved February 8, 2016. 
^ Field, Anne. "Impact Investing Experts Weigh in on Paul Tudor Jones' JUST Capital". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2016. 
^ Maureen Seaberg. "Let's Raise ISHAR!". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ "State.com/about". Retrieved September 9, 2013. 
^ Jane Kelly (October 9, 2013). "Chopra and Huffington to Hold a Public Meditation on the Lawn Oct. 15". UVAToday. 
^ Anne Cukier (January 22, 2014). "Sages and Scientists Symposium 2014". Zapaday. 
^ "NAMA's Board of Advisors".
^ a b Butler, J. Thomas (July 1, 2011). Consumer Health: Making Informed Decisions. Jones & Bartlett Publishers. pp. 117–. ISBN 978-1-4496-7543-1. 
^ "Gallup Senior Scientists". Gallup.com. Archived from the original on February 16, 2011. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Belton, Beth (June 25, 2013). "Men's Wearhouse fires back at George Zimmer". USA Today. Retrieved July 10, 2013. 
^ David Segal, "Deepak Chopra And a New Age Of Comic Books", The Washington Post, March 3, 2007.
^ Robbins, Gary (March 15, 2016). "UCSD deepens ties with Deepak Chopra". U-T San Diego. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "What Is Consciousness & Where Is It?", discussion with Rudolph Tanzi, Menas Kafatos and Lothar Schäfer, Science and Nonduality Conference, 2013, 08:12 mins.

Attila Grandpierre, Deepak Chopra, P. Murali Doraiswamy, Rudolph Tanzi, Menas C. Kafatos, "A Multidisciplinary Approach to Mind and Consciousness", NeuroQuantology, 11(4), December 2013 (pp. 607–617), p. 609.


^ Deepak Chopra, Stuart Hameroff, "The 'Quantum Soul': A Scientific Hypothesis," in Alexander Moreira-Almeida, Franklin Santana Santos (eds.), Exploring Frontiers of the Mind-Brain Relationship, Springer, 2011 (pp. 79–93), p. 85.
^ Chopra, Deepak (2009) [1989]. Quantum Healing: Exploring the Frontiers of Mind Body Medicine. Random House. pp. 71–72, 74. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "Dangerous Ideas: Deepak Chopra & Richard Dawkins",[dead link] University of Puebla, November 9, 2013, 26:23 mins.

Also see Deepak Chopra, Menas Kafatos, Rudolph E. Tanzi, "From Quanta to Qualia: The Mystery of Reality (Part 1)", "(Part 2)", "(Part 3)", "(Part 4)", The Huffington Post, October 8, 15, 29 and November 12, 2012.


^ "India Today Conclave 2015: Darwin was wrong, says Deepak Chopra". India Today. March 13, 2015. 
As quoted by Steve Newton (April 8, 2015). "Why Does Deepak Chopra Hate Me?". NCSE blog. 
As quoted by Valerie Strauss (May 20, 2015). "Deepak Chopra blasts scientist who criticized his view of evolution. The scientist fires back.". The Washington Post (blog). 
^ Deepak Chopra and Leonard Mlodinow, War of the Worldviews, Random House, 2011, p. 123.
^ O'Neill, Ian (May 26, 2011). "Does Quantum Theory Explain Consciousness?". Discovery News. Discovery Communications, LLC. Retrieved August 11, 2014. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "Deepak Chopra Meditation", courtesy of YouTube, December 10, 2012.
^ "Deepak Chopra and the Chopra Center". ReligionFacts.com. Retrieved July 22, 2014. 
^ "Oprah Winfrey & Deepak Chopra Launch All-New Meditation Experience 'Expanding Your Happiness'". Broadway World. Retrieved July 22, 2014. 
^ For imbalance, see Baer 2004, p. 128; for the rest, Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 222–224, 234ff.
^ "Ayurvedic medicine". Cancer Research UK. There is no scientific evidence to prove that Ayurvedic medicine can treat or cure cancer or any other disease. 
^ Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 15, 241; Deepak Chopra, "Healing wisdom", The Chopra Center, June 12, 2013.

That he uses the term "quantum healing" as a metaphor, see Richard Dawkins, "Interview with Chopra", The Enemies of Reason, Channel 4 (UK), 2007, 01:16 mins.


^ Suzanne Newcombe, "Ayurvedic Medicine in Britain and the Epistemology of Practicing Medicine in Good Faith," in Smith and Wujastyk 2008, pp. 263–264; Kenneth Zysk, "New Age Ayurveda or what happens to Indian medicine when it comes to America," Traditional South Asian Medicine, 6, 2001, pp. 10–26. Also see Francoise Jeannotat, "Maharishi Ayur-veda," in Smith and Wujastyk 2008, p. 285ff.
^ John W. Zamarra, "Quantum Healing: Exploring the frontiers of mind/body medicine", New England Journal of Medicine, 321, December 14, 1989.
^ Cox, Brian (February 20, 2012). "Why Quantum Theory Is So Misunderstood – Speakeasy – WSJ". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "'Magic' of Quantum Physics". Aske-skeptics.org.uk. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ Park 2000, p. 137; Victor J. Stenger (2007). "Quantum Quackery". Skeptical Inquirer. 27 (1): 37. ; "Winners of the Ig Nobel Prize". Improbable Research. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 

Brian Cox says that "for some scientists, the unfortunate distortion and misappropriation of scientific ideas that often accompanies their integration into popular culture is an unacceptable price to pay." See Brian Cox (February 20, 2012). "Why Quantum Theory Is So Misunderstood". The Wall Street Journal. 
The main criticism revolves around the fact that macroscopic objects are too large to exhibit inherently quantum properties like interference and wave function collapse. Most literature on quantum healing is almost entirely theosophical, omitting the rigorous mathematics that makes quantum electrodynamics possible. See Doug Bramwell. "'Magic' of Quantum Physics". Association for Skeptical Enquiry. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 


^ Richard Dawkins, "Interview with Chopra", The Enemies of Reason, Channel 4 (UK), 2007; Deepak Chopra, "Richard Dawkins Plays God: The Video (Updated)", The Huffington Post, June 19, 2013.
^ Dann Dulin, "The Medicine Man", interview with Deepak Chopra, A&U magazine, 2000.
^ Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 37, 237, 239–241.
^ Lawrence J. Schneiderman (2003). "The (Alternative) Medicalization of Life". Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics. 31 (2): 192. PMID 12964263. doi:10.1111/j.1748-720X.2003.tb00080.x. 
^ a b c d Wanjek, Christopher (2003). Bad Medicine: Misconceptions and Misuses Revealed, from Distance Healing to Vitamin O. Wiley Bad Science Series. John Wiley & Sons. pp. 224–. ISBN 978-0-471-46315-3. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Posner, Gary P (2001). "Hardly a Prayer on ABC's 20/20 Downtown". Skeptical Inquirer (November/December). 
^ Deepak, Deepak (October 17, 2012). "I Will Not Be Pleased – Your Health and the Nocebo Effect". San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ Dare, Stephen (March 15, 2016). "Stephen Dare Interviews Deepak Chopra". Metro Jacksonville. 
^ For Time, Peter Rowe, "Truly, madly, deeply Deepak Chopra," U-T San Diego, May 3, 2014, p. 1; for Clinton, Public Papers of the presidents of the United States: William J. Clinton, 2000–2001, January 1 to June 26, 2000, Government Printing Office, 2001, p. 508; for Gorbachev and the quote, Cosmo Landesman, "There's an easy way to save the world," The Sunday Times, May 8, 2005.
^ George M. O'Har (2000). "Magic in the Machine Age". Technology and Culture. 41 (4): 864. JSTOR 25147641. doi:10.1353/tech.2000.0174. 
^ Paul Kurtz, Skepticism and Humanism: The New Paradigm, Transaction Publishers, 2001, p. 110; Wendy Kaminer (2008). "The Corrosion of the American Mind". The Wilson Quarterly. 32 (2): 92. JSTOR 40262377. 
^ Henderson, Mark (February 7, 2004). "Junk medicine; The triumph of mumbo jumbo". The Times (Book review). p. 4. 
^ Francis Wheen (July 6, 2005). How Mumbo-Jumbo Conquered the World: A Short History of Modern Delusions. PublicAffairs. pp. 46–. ISBN 978-0-7867-2352-2. 
^ Stephen Barrett. "A Few Thoughts on Ayurvedic Mumbo-Jumbo". Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Moukheiber, Zina (1994). "Lord of immortality". Forbes (Book review). 153 (8): 132. 
^ Lois Malcolm (2003). "God as best seller: Deepak Chopra, Neal Walsch and New Age theology". The Christian Century. 120 (19): 31.  commenting on Deepak Chopra (2008). How To Know God. Ebury Publishing. ISBN 978-1-4090-2220-6. 
^ Blau, Evelyne (May 1995). Krishnamurti: 100 Years. Stewart, Tabori, & Chang. p. 233. ISBN 978-1-55670-407-9. 
^ Alford, Mark (2012). "Is science the antidote to Deepak Chopra's spirituality?". Skeptical Inquirer. 36 (3): 54. Archived from the original on November 5, 2012. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (August 23, 2005). "Intelligent Design Without the Bible". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Shermer, Michael (March 28, 2008). "Skyhooks and Cranes: Deepak Chopra, George W. Bush, and Intelligent Design". The Huffington Post. Retrieved November 30, 2008. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (August 24, 2005). "Rescuing Intelligent Design – But from Whom?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Paul Kurtz (2001). Skepticism and Humanism: The New Paradigm. Transaction Publishers. p. 110. ISBN 978-1-4128-3411-7. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ a b Coyne, Jerry A (November 8, 2013). "Pseudoscientist Rupert Sheldrake Is Not Being Persecuted, And Is Not Like Galileo". The New Republic. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (November 30, 2009). "The Perils of Skepticism". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Plait, Phil (December 1, 2009). "Deepak Chopra: redefining 'wrong'". Discover. 
^ Orzel, Chad (October 11, 2013). "Malcolm Gladwell Is Deepak Chopra". ScienceBlogs. Retrieved October 13, 2013. 
^ O'Har, George M (2000). "Magic in the Machine Age". Technology and Culture. 41 (4): 862–864. doi:10.1353/tech.2000.0174. 
^ Stenger, Victor J (1997). "Quantum Quackery". Skeptical Inquirer. 21 (1): 37-. 
^ "Winners of the Ig Nobel Prize". Improbable Research. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ "The Enemies of Reason". Channel 4. 
^ "Study Finds People Who Fall For Nonsense Inspirational Quotes Are Less Intelligent". The Huffington Post. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Pennycook, Gordon; et al. (November 2015). "On the reception and detection of pseudo-profound b......t". Judgment and Decision Making. Pennsylvania: Society for Judgment and Decision Making (SJDM) and the European Association for Decision Making (EADM). 10 (6): 549–563. Retrieved December 3, 2015. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "April 28, 2010". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "Dr. Chopra: Honor thy heritage". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "On Faith Panelists Blog: Hinduism and Sanatana Dharma: One and the same – Aseem Shukla". The Washington Post. Retrieved July 9, 2010. 
^ Hari M. Sharma; B. D. Triguna; Deepak Chopra (May 22, 1991). "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Modern insights into ancient medicine". Journal of the American Medical Association. 265 (20): 2633–4, 2637. PMID 1817464. doi:10.1001/jama.265.20.2633. 
^ "Financial Disclosure". JAMA. 266 (6): 798. August 14, 1991. doi:10.1001/jama.1991.03470060060025. ; Andrew A. Skolnick (October 2, 1991). "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Guru's marketing scheme promises the world eternal 'perfect health'". JAMA. 266 (13): 1741–1750. PMID 1817475. doi:10.1001/jama.1991.03470130017003. .

Also see Andrew A. Skolnick (Fall 1991). "The Maharhish Caper: Or How to Hoodwink Top Medical Journals". ScienceWriters. 


^ Robert Barnett; Cathy Sears (October 11, 1991). "JAMA gets into an Indian herbal jam". Science. 254 (5029): 188–189. JSTOR 2885745. PMID 1925571. doi:10.1126/science.1925571. 
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31; "Deepak's Days in Court". The New York Times. August 18, 1996. 
^ Kazak, Don (March 5, 1997). "matDon Kazak, "Book Talk", Time (March 5, 1997)". paloaltoonline.com. Retrieved August 1, 2012. 
^ TNN (April 15, 2001). "The Times of India, Halyeema Sayed, The Mind-Body, April 15, 2001". The Times of India. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Harper Collins author bio.
^ Presley Noble, Barbara (April 2, 1995). "SPENDING IT: OFF THE SHELF; Habits of Highly Effective Authors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 
^ McGee, Micki (August 10, 2005). Self-Help, Inc.: Makeover Culture in American Life. Oxford University Press. pp. 71–. ISBN 978-0-19-988368-4. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 


Further reading[edit]


Butler, J. Thomas. "Ayurveda," in Consumer Health: Making Informed Decisions, Jones & Bartlett Publishers, 2011, pp. 117–118.
Butler, Kurt and Barrett, Stephen (1992). A Consumer's Guide to "Alternative Medicine": A Close Look at Homeopathy, Acupuncture, Faith-healing, and Other Unconventional Treatments. Prometheus Books, pp. 110–116. ISBN 978-0-87975-733-5.
Kaeser, Eduard (July 2013). "Science kitsch and pop science: A reconnaissance". Public Understanding of Science. 22 (5): 559–69. PMID 23833170. doi:10.1177/0963662513489390. 
Kafatos, Menas, Nadeau, Robert. The Conscious Universe: Parts and Wholes in Physical Reality, Springer, 2013.
Nacson, Leon (1998). Deepak Chopra: How to Live in a World of Infinite Possibilities. Random House. ISBN 0-09-183673-5. 
Scherer, Jochen. "The 'scientific' presentation and legitimation of the teaching of synchronicity in New Age literature," in James R. Lewis, Olav Hammer (eds.), Handbook of Religion and the Authority of Science, Brill Academic Publishers, 2010.


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


New Age movement



Non-exclusive
Themes



Age of Aquarius
Akashic records
Alternative medicine
Ancient astronauts
Angels
Animism
Ascended master
Astral projection
Astrology
Atlantis
Aura
Conspiracy theories
Contactee
Cosmic ordering
Crystal healing
Earth Changes
Earth mysteries
Ecofeminism
Energy
Environmentalism
Faith healing
Feng shui
Gaia hypothesis
Gaia philosophy
Gnosis
Goddess movement
Idealism
Indigo children
Intuition
Karma
Law of attraction
Lemuria
Magic
Meditation
Mediumship
Michael Teachings
New Age communities
New Age music
Odic force
Paganism
Pantheism
Parapsychology
Perception
Perennial philosophy
Quantum mysticism
Qi
Reincarnation
Religious pluralism
Supernatural
Tantra
UFOs
Veganism
Vegetarianism
Wellness
Yoga





Proponents or
individual
influences



José Argüelles
Richard Bach
Alice Bailey
Annie Besant
Helena Blavatsky
William Bloom
Gregg Braden
Rhonda Byrne
Eileen Caddy
Marjorie Cameron
Lee Carroll
Edgar Cayce
Deepak Chopra
Andrew Cohen
Benjamin Creme
Aleister Crowley
Scott Cunningham
Adi Da
Ram Dass
Wayne Dyer
Werner Erhard
Marilyn Ferguson
Debbie Ford
Gandalf
Linda Goodman
Glenda Green
Alex Grey
Michael Harner
Esther Hicks
Barbara Marx Hubbard
David Icke
Timothy Leary
John Lilly
Max Freedom Long
Shirley MacLaine
Leon MacLaren
Terence McKenna
Corinne McLaughlin
Michael Mirdad
Leonard Orr
Jack Parsons
Daniel Quinn
James Redfield
Wilhelm Reich
Jane Roberts
Helena Roerich
Mark Satin
Helen Schucman
John Selby
Ravi Shankar
David Spangler
Joshua David Stone
Ingo Swann
Michael Talbot
William Thetford
Eckhart Tolle
Neale Donald Walsch
Ken Wilber
Stuart Wilde
Marianne Williamson
Robert Anton Wilson
Oprah Winfrey
Fred Alan Wolf
Roger Woolger
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi





Other
influences



Advaita Vedanta
Animism
Anthroposophy
Ariosophy
Ascended Master Teachings
Astrology
Beat Generation
Buddhism
Cannabis culture
Cognitive science
Conspiracy theories
Discordianism
Eight-circuit model of consciousness
Entheogens
Esoteric Christianity
Esotericism
Freemasonry
Fringe science
Gay liberation
Gnosticism
Hermeticism
Hinduism
Hippie subculture
Human Potential Movement
Huna
Integral theory
Kabbalah
Leather subculture
Metaphysics
Neuro-linguistic programming
New Thought
Nonviolence
Occultism
Paganism

Neo-Druidism
Wicca


Postmodernism
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudoscience
Psychedelic music
Quantum mechanics
Rastafari movement
Rosicrucianism
School of Economic Science
Science fiction
Seth Material
Shamanism
Shinto
Spiritism
Spiritualism
Spirituality
Sufism
Taoism
Thelema
Theosophy
Traditionalist School
Transhumanism
Transpersonal psychology
Zen












v
t
e


Pseudoscience



Terminology



Cargo cult science
Charlatan
Crank
Fringe theory

Fringe science
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudohistory


Junk science
Paranormal
Pathological science
Quackery
Snake oil
Superseded scientific theories
True-believer syndrome
Voodoo science





Examples



2012 phenomenon
Acupuncture
Alchemy
Alternative medicine
Ancient astronauts
Anthroposophic medicine
Applied kinesiology
Astrology
Bates method
Biodynamic agriculture
Bloodletting
Body memory
Catastrophism
Chiropractic
Chromotherapy
Conspiracy theory

9/11 conspiracy theories
Chemtrail conspiracy theory
Climate change denial
Moon landing conspiracy theories


Conversion therapy
Creation science
Crystal healing
Cryptozoology
Detoxification

Colon cleansing


Dianetics
Dowsing
Ear candling
Electromagnetic hypersensitivity
Electronic Voice Phenomenon
Feng shui
Flat Earth Theory
Germ theory denialism
Graphology
HIV/AIDS denialism
Hollow Earth theory
Homeopathy
Humorism
Indigo children
Intelligent design
Japhetic theory
Levitation
Lunar effect
Lysenkoism
Magnet therapy
Mediumship
Naturopathy
Nazi archaeology
Nibiru cataclysm
Numerology
Perpetual motion
Orgone
Phrenology
Polygraph
Primal therapy
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudohistory

Genocide denial
Historical negationism
Holocaust denial


Pseudoscientific metrology
Psychohistory
Quantum mysticism
Recovered-memory therapy
Reiki
Scientific racism

Aryan race
Melanin theory


Trepanning
Ufology
Voice stress analysis





Related topics



Bourgeois pseudoscience
Suppressed research in the Soviet Union





Resources



Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
Cults of Unreason
Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience
Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science
Quackwatch
JREF
The Psychology of the Occult
The Ragged Edge of Science
The Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience
Skeptical Inquirer
The Skeptic's Dictionary






List of topics characterized as pseudoscience










v
t
e


Transcendental Meditation



Programs



History of Transcendental Meditation
Maharishi Peace Palace
Maharishi Vastu Architecture
Maharishi Vedic Approach to Health
Transcendental Meditation in education
Transcendental Meditation technique





Organizations



David Lynch Foundation (US)
Global Country of World Peace
Maharishi Heaven on Earth Development
Natural Law Party
Natural Law Party of Canada
Natural Law Party (United States)
Transcendental Meditation movement





Education



Maharishi Institute of Management (IN)
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi Vedic University (IN)
Maharishi School (UK)
Maharishi School of the Age of Enlightenment (US)
Maharishi University of Management and Technology (IN)
Maharishi University of Management (US)
Maharishi Vidya Mandir Schools (IN)





People



Ashley Deans
Bevan Morris
Brahmananda Saraswati
David Lynch
David Orme-Johnson
Deepak Chopra
John Hagelin
Nancy Cooke de Herrera
List of people who have learned Transcendental Meditation
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
Nancy Lonsdorf
Prudence Farrow
Tony Nader
The Beatles in India





Places



Fairfield, Iowa (US)
Golden Domes (US)
Hararit (IL)
Kolleg St. Ludwig (NL)
Maharishi Vedic City, Iowa (US)





Media



Catching the Big Fish
David Wants to Fly
KSCI
TM and Cult Mania
Transcendence: Healing and Transformation Through Transcendental Meditation








Find out more on Wikipedia's
Sister projects


Media
from Commons
Quotations
from Wikiquote
Data
from Wikidata







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 34491177
LCCN: n86130779
ISNI: 0000 0001 1556 5934
GND: 115460624
SUDOC: 029724503
BNF: cb12128712w (data)
MusicBrainz: bc1fbace-7ef8-48d6-a413-65ab9a227bdc
BNE: XX1049304










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Deepak_Chopra&oldid=791414599"					
Categories: 1946 birthsAll India Institute of Medical Sciences alumniAmerican male writers of Indian descentAmerican spiritual writersAyurvedacharyasCelebrity doctorsIndian emigrants to the United States20th-century Indian medical doctorsIndian motivational speakersIndian self-help writersIndian spiritual writersLiving peopleNautilus Book Award winnersNew Age spiritual leadersNew Age writersPeople from New DelhiPeople in alternative medicineQuantum mysticismRecipients of the Medal of the Presidency of the Italian RepublicSelf-published authorsSt. Columba's School, Delhi alumniThe Huffington Post writers and columnistsTranscendental Meditation practitionersSiddha medicineHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Wikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from October 2016Use American English from April 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishBiography template using pronunciationArticles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Articles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2006Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2013Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2005Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2015Pages using refbegin with normalfont parameterWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersUse American English from March 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةتۆرکجهБългарскиCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीItalianoעבריתKapampanganമലയാളംमराठीNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeاردو 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 03:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Deepak Chopra - Wikipedia






















 







Deepak Chopra

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 20 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Deepak Chopra (disambiguation).


Deepak Chopra



Chopra in 2006



Pronunciation
/ˈdiːpɑːk ˈtʃoʊprə/ Hindustani: [d̪iːpək tʃoːpraː]


Born
(1946-10-22) October 22, 1946 (age 70)[1]
New Delhi, British India


Nationality
American[2]


Alma mater
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi


Occupation
Alternative medicine advocate, public speaker, writer


Spouse(s)
Rita Chopra


Children
Mallika Chopra and Gotham Chopra


Parent(s)
Krishan Chopra, Pushpa Chopra


Relatives
Sanjiv Chopra (brother)


Website
Official website


Deepak Chopra (born October 22, 1946) is an American author, public speaker, alternative medicine advocate, and a prominent figure in the New Age movement.[3][4][5] Through his books and videos, he has become one of the best-known and wealthiest figures in alternative medicine.[6]
Chopra studied medicine in India before emigrating to the United States in 1970 where he completed residencies in internal medicine and endocrinology. As a licensed physician, he became chief of staff at the New England Memorial Hospital (NEMH) in 1980.[7] He met Maharishi Mahesh Yogi in 1985 and became involved with the Transcendental Meditation movement (TM). He resigned his position at NEMH shortly thereafter to establish the Maharishi Ayurveda Health Center.[8] Chopra gained a following in 1993 after his interview on The Oprah Winfrey Show regarding his books.[9] He then left the TM movement to become the executive director of Sharp HealthCare's Center for Mind-Body Medicine and in 1996 he co-founded the Chopra Center for Wellbeing.[7][8][10]
Chopra believes that a person may attain "perfect health", a condition "that is free from disease, that never feels pain", and "that cannot age or die".[11][12] Seeing the human body as being undergirded by a "quantum mechanical body" composed not of matter but of energy and information, he believes that "human aging is fluid and changeable; it can speed up, slow down, stop for a time, and even reverse itself," as determined by one's state of mind.[11][13] He claims that his practices can also treat chronic disease.[14][15] As of 2014[update], Deepak Chopra lived in a "health-centric" condominium in Manhattan.[16]
The ideas Chopra promotes have been regularly criticized by medical and scientific professionals as pseudoscience.[17][18][19][20] This criticism has been described as ranging "from dismissive [to] damning".[17] For example, Robert Carroll states Chopra attempts to integrate Ayurveda with quantum mechanics to justify his teachings.[21] Chopra argues that what he calls "quantum healing" cures any manner of ailments, including cancer, through effects that he claims are literally based on the same principles as quantum mechanics.[15] This has led physicists to object to his use of the term quantum in reference to medical conditions and the human body.[15] His treatments benefit from the placebo response,[6] and some argue that his claims for the effectiveness of alternative medicine can lure sick people away from medical treatments.[17] He is placed by David Gorski among the "quacks", "cranks" and "purveyors of woo", and described as "arrogantly obstinate".[22] Richard Dawkins publicly exposed Chopra, accusing him of using "quantum jargon as plausible-sounding hocus pocus".[citation needed]



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life and education
1.2 East Coast years
1.3 West Coast years
1.4 Alternative medicine business
1.5 Teaching and other roles


2 Ideas and reception

2.1 Consciousness
2.2 Approach to health care
2.3 Alternative medicine
2.4 Aging
2.5 Spirituality and religion
2.6 Position on skepticism
2.7 Use of scientific terminology
2.8 Yoga


3 Legal actions
4 Select bibliography
5 See also
6 References
7 Further reading
8 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life and education[edit]
Chopra was born in New Delhi, India,[23] to Krishan Lal Chopra (1919–2001) and Pushpa Chopra.[24]
His paternal grandfather was a sergeant in the British Indian Army. His father was a prominent cardiologist, head of the department of medicine and cardiology at New Delhi's Moolchand Khairati Ram Hospital for over 25 years; he was also a lieutenant in the British army, serving as an army doctor at the front at Burma and acting as a medical adviser to Lord Mountbatten, viceroy of India.[25] As of 2014[update] Chopra's younger brother, Sanjiv Chopra, is a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School and on staff at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.[26]
Chopra completed his primary education at St. Columba's School in New Delhi and graduated from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in 1969.[citation needed][27] He spent his first months as a doctor working in rural India, including, he writes, six months in a village where the lights went out whenever it rained.[28] It was during his early career that he was drawn to study endocrinology, particularly neuroendocrinology, to find a biological basis for the influence of thoughts and emotions.[29]
He married in India in 1970 before emigrating with his wife that year to the United States.[9] The Indian government had banned its doctors from sitting the American Medical Association exam needed to practice in the USA, so Chopra had to travel to Sri Lanka to take it. After passing he arrived in the United States to take up a clinical internship at Muhlenberg Hospital in Plainfield, New Jersey, where doctors from overseas were being recruited to replace those serving in Vietnam.[30]
Between 1971 and 1977 he completed residencies in internal medicine at the Lahey Clinic in Burlington, Massachusetts, the VA Medical Center, St Elizabeth's Medical Center and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston.[31] He earned his license to practice medicine in the state of Massachusetts in 1973, becoming board certified in internal medicine, specializing in endocrinology.[32]
East Coast years[edit]
Chopra taught at the medical schools of Tufts University, Boston University and Harvard University,[33][34][35] and became Chief of Staff at the New England Memorial Hospital (NEMH) (later known as the Boston Regional Medical Center) in Stoneham, Massachusetts, before establishing a private practice in Boston in endocrinology.[36]




Maharishi Mahesh Yogi was an influence on Chopra in the 1980s


While visiting New Delhi in 1981, he met the physician Brihaspati Dev Triguna, head of the Indian Council for Ayurvedic Medicine, whose advice prompted him to begin investigating Ayurvedic practices.[37] Chopra was "drinking black coffee by the hour and smoking at least a pack of cigarettes a day".[38] He took up Transcendental Meditation to help him stop; as of 2006[update] he continued to meditate for two hours every morning and half an hour in the evening.[39]
Chopra's involvement with TM led to a meeting, in 1985, with the leader of the TM movement, Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, who asked him to establish an Ayurvedic health center.[8][40] He left his position at the NEMH. Chopra said that one of the reasons he left was his disenchantment at having to prescribe too many drugs: "[W]hen all you do is prescribe medication, you start to feel like a legalized drug pusher. That doesn't mean that all prescriptions are useless, but it is true that 80 percent of all drugs prescribed today are of optional or marginal benefit."[41]
He became the founding president of the American Association of Ayurvedic Medicine, one of the founders of Maharishi Ayur-Veda Products International, and medical director of the Maharishi Ayur-Veda Health Center in Lancaster, Massachusetts. The center charged between $2,850 and $3,950 a week for Ayurvedic cleansing rituals such as massages, enemas and oil baths; TM lessons cost an additional $1,000. Celebrity patients included Elizabeth Taylor.[42] Chopra also became one of the TM movement's spokespersons. In 1989 the Maharishi awarded him the title "Dhanvantari of Heaven and Earth" (Dhanvantari is the Hindu physician to the gods).[43] That year Chopra's Quantum Healing: Exploring the Frontiers of Mind/Body Medicine was published, followed by Perfect Health: The Complete Mind/Body Guide (1990).[7]
West Coast years[edit]
In June 1993 he moved to California as executive director of Sharp HealthCare's Institute for Human Potential and Mind/Body Medicine, and head of their Center for Mind/Body Medicine, a clinic in an exclusive resort in Del Mar, California that charged $4,000 a week and included Michael Jackson's family among its clients.[44] Chopra and Jackson first met in 1988 and remained friends for 20 years. When Jackson died in 2009 after being administered prescription drugs, Chopra said he hoped it would be a call to action against the "cult of drug-pushing doctors, with their co-dependent relationships with addicted celebrities".[45][46]
Chopra left the Transcendental Meditation movement around the time he moved to California in January 1993.[47] By his own account, the Maharishi had accused him of competing for the Maharishi's position as guru,[48] although Chopra rejects identification as a "guru".[49] According to Robert Todd Carroll, Chopra left the TM organization when it "became too stressful" and was a "hindrance to his success".[50] Cynthia Ann Humes writes that the Maharishi was concerned, and not only with regard to Chopra, that rival systems were being taught at lower prices.[51] Chopra, for his part, was worried that his close association with the TM movement might prevent Ayurvedic medicine from being accepted as legitimate, particularly after the problems with the JAMA article.[52] He also stated that he had become uncomfortable with what seemed like a "cultish atmosphere around Maharishi".[53]
In 1995 Chopra was not licensed to practice medicine in California where he had a clinic; however, he did not see patients at this clinic "as a doctor" during this time.[54] In 2004 he received his California medical licence, and as of 2014[update] is affiliated with Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla, California.[55][56][57] Chopra is the owner and supervisor of the Mind-Body Medical Group within the Chopra Center, which in addition to standard medical treatment offers personalized advice about nutrition, sleep-wake cycles and stress management, based on mainstream medicine and Ayurveda.[58] He is a fellow of the American College of Physicians and member of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists.[59]
The couple had two adult children and three grandchildren as of 2013[update].[5] As of 2014[update], Deepak Chopra lived in a "health-centric" condominium in Manhattan.[16]
Alternative medicine business[edit]
Chopra's Ageless Body, Timeless Mind: The Quantum Alternative to Growing Old was published in 1993.[7] The book and his friendship with Michael Jackson gained him an interview on July 12 that year on Oprah, which made him a household name. Paul Offit writes that within 24 hours Chopra had sold 137,000 copies of his book and 400,000 by the end of the week.[60] Four days after the interview, the Maharishi National Council of the Age of Enlightenment wrote to TM centers in the United States, instructing them not to promote Chopra, and his name and books were removed from the movement's literature and health centers.[61] Neuroscientist Tony Nader became the movement's new "Dhanvantari of Heaven and Earth".[62]
Sharp HealthCare changed ownership in 1996 and Chopra left to set up the Chopra Center for Wellbeing with neurologist David Simon, now located at the Omni La Costa Resort and Spa in Carlsbad, California.[63] In his 2013 book Do You Believe in Magic?, Paul Offit writes that Chopra's business grosses approximately $20 million annually, and is built on the sale of various alternative medicine products such as herbal supplements, massage oils, books, videos and courses. A year's worth of products for "anti-ageing" can cost up to $10,000, Offit wrote.[64] Chopra himself is estimated to be worth over $80 million as of 2014[update].[65] As of 2005[update], according to Srinivas Aravamudan, he was able to charge $25,000 to $30,000 per lecture five or six times a month.[66] Medical anthropologist Hans Baer said Chopra was an example of a successful entrepreneur, but that he focused too much on serving the upper-class through an alternative to medical hegemony, rather than a truly holistic approach to health.[11]
Teaching and other roles[edit]
Chopra serves as an adjunct professor in the marketing division at Columbia Business School.[67] He serves as adjunct professor of executive programs at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.[68] He participates annually as a lecturer at the Update in Internal Medicine event sponsored by Harvard Medical School and the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.[69] Robert Carroll writes of Chopra charging $25,000 per lecture, "giving spiritual advice while warning against the ill effects of materialism".[70]
In 2015, Chopra partnered with businessman Paul Tudor Jones II to found JUST Capital, a non-profit which ranks companies in terms of just business practices in an effort to promote economic justice.[71][72] In 2014 Chopra founded ISHAR (Integrative Studies Historical Archive and Repository).[73] In 2012, Chopra joined the board of advisors for tech startup State.com, creating a browsable network of structured opinions.[74] In 2009 Chopra founded the Chopra Foundation, a tax-exempt 501(c) organization that raises funds to promote and research alternative health.[75] The Foundation sponsors annual Sages and Scientists conferences.[76] He sits on the board of advisors of the National Ayurvedic Medical Association.[77] Chopra founded the American Association for Ayurvedic Medicine (AAAM) and Maharishi AyurVeda Products International, though he later distanced himself from these organizations.[78] In 2005 Chopra was appointed as a senior scientist at The Gallup Organization.[79] Since 2004 he has been a board member of Men's Wearhouse, a men's clothing distributor.[80] In 2006 he launched Virgin Comics with his son Gotham Chopra and entrepreneur Richard Branson.[81] In 2016 Chopra was promoted from assistant professor to full professor at the University of California, San Diego in their Department of Family Medicine.[82]
Ideas and reception[edit]
Chopra believes that a person may attain "perfect health", a condition "that is free from disease, that never feels pain", and "that cannot age or die".[11][12] Seeing the human body as being undergirded by a "quantum mechanical body" comprised not of matter but of energy and information, he believes that "human aging is fluid and changeable; it can speed up, slow down, stop for a time, and even reverse itself," as determined by one's state of mind.[11][13] He claims that his practices can also treat chronic disease.[14][15]
Consciousness[edit]
Chopra speaks and writes regularly about metaphysics, including the study of consciousness and Vedanta philosophy. He is a philosophical idealist, arguing for the primacy of consciousness over matter and for teleology and intelligence in nature – that mind, or "dynamically active consciousness", is a fundamental feature of the universe.[83]
In this view, consciousness is both subject and object.[84] It is consciousness, he writes, that creates reality; we are not "physical machines that have somehow learned to think...[but] thoughts that have learned to create a physical machine".[85] He argues that the evolution of species is the evolution of consciousness seeking to express itself as multiple observers; the universe experiences itself through our brains: "We are the eyes of the universe looking at itself".[86] He has been quoted as saying "Charles Darwin was wrong. Consciousness is key to evolution and we will soon prove that."[87] He opposes reductionist thinking in science and medicine, arguing that we can trace the physical structure of the body down to the molecular level and still have no explanation for beliefs, desires, memory and creativity.[88] In his book Quantum Healing, Chopra stated the conclusion that quantum entanglement links everything in the Universe, and therefore it must create consciousness.[89]
Approach to health care [edit]




Deepak Chopra at the Clinton "Health Matters" Conference in La Quinta, California, January 14, 2013


Chopra argues that everything that happens in the mind and brain is physically represented elsewhere in the body, with mental states (thoughts, feelings, perceptions and memories) directly influencing physiology by means of neurotransmitters such as dopamine, oxytocin and serotonin. He has stated, "Your mind, your body and your consciousness – which is your spirit – and your social interactions, your personal relationships, your environment, how you deal with the environment, and your biology are all inextricably woven into a single process … By influencing one, you influence everything."[90]
Chopra and physicians at the Chopra Center practise integrative medicine, combining the medical model of conventional Western medicine with alternative therapies such as yoga, mindfulness meditation, and Ayurveda.[91][92] According to Ayurveda, illness is caused by an imbalance in the patient's doshas or humours, and is treated with diet, exercise and meditative practices[93] – based on the medical evidence there is, however, nothing in Ayurvedic medicine that is known to be effective at treating disease, and some preparations may be actively harmful, although meditation may be useful in promoting general wellbeing.[94]
In discussing health care, Chopra has used the term "quantum healing", which he defined in Quantum Healing (1989) as the "ability of one mode of consciousness (the mind) to spontaneously correct the mistakes in another mode of consciousness (the body)".[95] This attempted to wed the Maharishi's version of Ayurvedic medicine with concepts from physics, an example of what cultural historian Kenneth Zysk called "New Age Ayurveda".[96] The book introduced Chopra's view that a person's thoughts and feelings give rise to all cellular processes.[97]
Chopra coined the term quantum healing to invoke the idea of a process whereby a person's health "imbalance" is corrected by quantum mechanical means. Chopra said that quantum phenomena are responsible for health and wellbeing. He has attempted to integrate Ayurveda, a traditional Indian system of medicine, with quantum mechanics, in order to justify his teachings. According to Robert Carroll, he "charges $25,000 per lecture performance, where he spouts a few platitudes and gives spiritual advice while warning against the ill effects of materialism".[21]
Chopra has equated spontaneous remission in cancer to a change in quantum state, corresponding to a jump to "a new level of consciousness that prohibits the existence of cancer". Physics professor Robert L. Park has written that physicists "wince" at the "New Age quackery" in Chopra's cancer theories, and characterizes them as a cruel fiction, since adopting them in place of effective treatment risks compounding the ill effects of the disease with guilt, and might rule out the prospect of getting a genuine cure.[15]
Chopra's claims of quantum healing have attracted controversy due to what has been described as a "systematic misinterpretation" of modern physics.[98] Chopra's connections between quantum mechanics and alternative medicine are widely regarded in the scientific community as being invalid. The main criticism revolves around the fact that macroscopic objects are too large to exhibit inherently quantum properties like interference and wave function collapse. Most literature on quantum healing is almost entirely theosophical, omitting the rigorous mathematics that makes quantum electrodynamics possible.[99]
Physicists have objected to Chopra's use of terms from quantum physics; he was awarded the satirical Ig Nobel Prize in physics in 1998 for "his unique interpretation of quantum physics as it applies to life, liberty, and the pursuit of economic happiness".[100] When Chopra and Jean Houston debated Sam Harris and Michael Shermer in 2010 on the question "Does God Have a Future?", Harris argued that Chopra's use of "spooky physics" merged two language games in a "completely unprincipled way".[18] Interviewed in 2007 by Richard Dawkins, Chopra said that he used the term quantum as a metaphor when discussing healing and that it had little to do with quantum theory in physics.[101]
Chopra wrote in 2000 that his AIDS patients were combining mainstream medicine with activities based on Ayurveda, including taking herbs, meditation and yoga.[102] He acknowledges that AIDS is caused by the HIV virus, but says that, "'[h]earing' the virus in its vicinity, the DNA mistakes it for a friendly or compatible sound". Ayurveda uses vibrations which are said to correct this supposed sound distortion.[103] Medical professor Lawrence Schneiderman writes that Chopra's treatment has "to put it mildly...no supporting empirical data".[104]
In 2001, ABC News aired a show segment on the topic of distance healing and prayer.[105] In it Chopra said that "there is a realm of reality that goes beyond the physical where in fact we can influence each other from a distance".[105] Chopra was shown using his claimed mental powers in an attempt to relax a person in another room, whose vital signs were recorded in charts which were said to show a correspondence between Chopra's periods of concentration and the subject's periods of relaxation.[105] After the show, a poll of its viewers found that 90% of them believed in distance healing.[106] Health and science journalist Christopher Wanjek has criticized the experiment, saying that any correspondence evident from the charts would prove nothing, but that even so freezing the frame of the video showed the correspondences were not so close as claimed. Wanjek characterized the broadcast as "an instructive example of how bad medicine is presented as exciting news" which had "a dependence on unusual or sensational science results that others in the scientific community renounce as unsound".[105]
Alternative medicine[edit]
See also: Maharishi Vedic Approach to Health
Chopra has been described as "America's most prominent spokesman for Ayurveda".[78] His treatments benefit from the placebo response.[6] Chopra states "The placebo effect is real medicine, because it triggers the body's healing system."[107]
Chopra has metaphorically described the AIDS virus as emitting "a sound that lures the DNA to its destruction". The condition can be treated, according to Chopra, with "Ayurveda's primordial sound".[14] Taking issue with this view, medical professor Lawrence Schneiderman has said that ethical issues are raised when alternative medicine is not based on empirical evidence and that, "to put it mildly, Dr. Chopra proposes a treatment and prevention program for AIDS that has no supporting empirical data".[14]
He is placed by David Gorski among the "quacks", "cranks" and "purveyors of woo", and described as "arrogantly obstinate".[22] The New York Times in 2013 stated that Deepak Chopra is "the controversial New Age guru and booster of alternative medicine".[5] The Time magazine stated that he is "the poet-prophet of alternative medicine."[108] He has become one of the best-known and wealthiest figures in the holistic-health movement.[6] The Times argued that his publishers have used his medical degree on the covers of his books as a way to promote the books and buttress their claims.[54] In 1999 Time magazine included Chopra in its list of the 20th century's heroes and icons. The following year Mikhail Gorbachev referred to him as "one of the most lucid and inspired philosophers of our time". Cosmo Landesman wrote in 2005 that Chopra was "hardly a man now, more a lucrative new age brand – the David Beckham of personal/spiritual growth".[109] A 2008 Time magazine article by Ptolemy Tompkins commented that for most of his career Chopra had been a "magnet for criticism", and most of it was from the medical and scientific professionals.[17] Opinions ranged from the "dismissive" to the "outright damning".[17] Chopra's claims for the effectiveness of alternative medicine can, some have argued, lure sick people away from medical treatments.[17] Tompkins however considered Chopra a "beloved" individual whose basic messages centered on "love, health and happiness" had made him rich because of their popular appeal.[17] English professor George O'Har argues that Chopra exemplifies the need of human beings for meaning and spirit in their lives, and places what he calls Chopra's "sophistries" alongside the emotivism of Oprah Winfrey.[110] Paul Kurtz writes that Chopra's "regnant spirituality" is reinforced by postmodern criticism of the notion of objectivity in science, while Wendy Kaminer equates Chopra's views with irrational belief systems such as New Thought, Christian Science, and Scientology.[111]
Aging[edit]
Chopra believes that "ageing is simply learned behaviour" that can be slowed or prevented.[112] Chopra has said that he expects "to live way beyond 100".[113] He states that "by consciously using our awareness, we can influence the way we age biologically...You can tell your body not to age."[114] Conversely, Chopra also says that ageing can be accelerated, for example by a person engaging in "cynical mistrust".[115]
Robert Todd Carroll has characterized Chopra's promotion of lengthened life as a selling of "hope" that seems to be "a false hope based on an unscientific imagination steeped in mysticism and cheerily dispensed gibberish".[21]
Spirituality and religion[edit]
Chopra has likened the universe to a "reality sandwich" which has three layers: the "material" world, a "quantum" zone of matter and energy, and a "virtual" zone outside of time and space, which is the domain of God, and from which God can direct the other layers. Chopra has written that human beings' brains are "hardwired to know God" and that the functions of the human nervous system mirror divine experience.[116] Chopra has written that his thinking has been inspired by Jiddu Krishnamurti, a 20th-century speaker and writer on philosophical and spiritual subjects.[117]
In 2012, reviewing War of the Worldviews – a book co-authored by Chopra and Leonard Mlodinow – physics professor Mark Alford says that the work is set out as a debate between the two authors, "[covering] all the big questions: cosmology, life and evolution, the mind and brain, and God". Alford considers the two sides of the debate a false opposition, and says that "the counterpoint to Chopra's speculations is not science, with its complicated structure of facts, theories, and hypotheses," but rather Occam's razor.[118]
In August 2005, Chopra wrote a series of articles on the creation-evolution controversy and Intelligent design, which were criticized by science writer Michael Shermer, founder of The Skeptics Society.[119][120][121] In 2010, Shermer said that Chopra is "the very definition of what we mean by pseudoscience".[18]
Position on skepticism[edit]
Paul Kurtz, an American skeptic and secular humanist, has written that the popularity of Chopra's views is associated with increasing anti-scientific attitudes in society, and such popularity represents an assault on the objectivity of science itself by seeking new, alternative forms of validation for ideas. Kurtz says that medical claims must always be submitted to open-minded but proper scrutiny, and that skepticism "has its work cut out for it".[122]
In 2013, Chopra published an article on what he saw as "skepticism" at work in Wikipedia, arguing that a "stubborn band of militant skeptics" were editing articles to prevent what he believes would be a fair representation of the views of such figures as Rupert Sheldrake, an author, lecturer, and researcher in parapsychology. The result, Chopra argued, was that the encyclopedia's readers were denied the opportunity to read of attempts to "expand science beyond its conventional boundaries".[123] The biologist Jerry Coyne responded, saying that it was instead Chopra who was losing out as his views were being "exposed as a lot of scientifically-sounding psychobabble".[123]
More broadly, Chopra has attacked skepticism as a whole, writing in The Huffington Post that "No skeptic, to my knowledge, ever made a major scientific discovery or advanced the welfare of others."[124] Astronomer Phil Plait said this statement trembled "on the very edge of being a blatant and gross lie", listing Carl Sagan, Richard Feynman, Stephen Jay Gould, and Edward Jenner among the "thousands of scientists [who] are skeptics", who he said were counterexamples to Chopra's statement.[125]
Use of scientific terminology[edit]
See also: Quantum mysticism
Reviewing Susan Jacoby's book, The Age of American Unreason, Wendy Kaminer sees Chopra's popular reception in the USA as being symptomatic of many Americans' historical inability (as Jacoby puts it) "to distinguish between real scientists and those who peddled theories in the guise of science". Chopra's "nonsensical references to quantum physics" are placed in a lineage of American religious pseudoscience, extending back through Scientology to Christian Science.[19] Physics professor Chad Orzel has written that "to a physicist, Chopra's babble about 'energy fields' and 'congealing quantum soup' presents as utter gibberish", but that Chopra makes enough references to technical terminology to convince non-scientists that he understands physics.[126] English professor George O'Har writes that Chopra is as an exemplification of the fact that human beings need "magic" in their lives, and places "the sophistries of Chopra" alongside the emotivism of Oprah Winfrey, the special effects and logic of Star Trek, and the magic of Harry Potter.[127]
Chopra has been criticized for his frequent references to the relationship of quantum mechanics to healing processes, a connection that has drawn skepticism from physicists who say it can be considered as contributing to the general confusion in the popular press regarding quantum measurement, decoherence and the Heisenberg uncertainty principle.[128] In 1998, Chopra was awarded the satirical Ig Nobel Prize in physics for "his unique interpretation of quantum physics as it applies to life, liberty, and the pursuit of economic happiness".[129] When interviewed by ethologist and evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins in the Channel 4 (UK) documentary The Enemies of Reason, Chopra said that he used the term "quantum physics" as "a metaphor" and that it had little to do with quantum theory in physics.[130] In March 2010, Chopra and Jean Houston debated Sam Harris and Michael Shermer at the California Institute of Technology on the question "Does God Have a Future?" Shermer and Harris criticized Chopra's use of scientific terminology to expound unrelated spiritual concepts.[18]
A 2015 paper examining "the reception and detection of pseudo-profound bullshit" used Chopra's Twitter feed as the canonical example, and compared this with fake Chopra quotes generated by a spoof website.[20][131][132]
Yoga[edit]
In April 2010 Aseem Shukla, co-founder of the Hindu American Foundation, criticized Chopra for suggesting that yoga did not have its origins in Hinduism but in an older Indian spiritual tradition.[133] Chopra later said that yoga was rooted in "consciousness alone" expounded by Vedic rishis long before historic Hinduism ever arose. He accused Shukla of having a "fundamentalist agenda". Shukla responded by saying Chopra was an exponent of the art of "How to Deconstruct, Repackage and Sell Hindu Philosophy Without Calling it Hindu!", and he said Chopra's mentioning of fundamentalism was an attempt to divert the debate.[134][135]
Legal actions[edit]
In May 1991, the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) published an article by Chopra and two others on Ayurvedic medicine and TM.[136] JAMA subsequently published an erratum stating that the lead author, Hari M. Sharma, had undisclosed financial interests, followed by an article by JAMA associate editor Andrew A. Skolnick which was highly critical of Chopra and the other authors for failing to disclose their financial connections to the article subject.[137] Several experts on meditation and traditional Indian medicine criticized JAMA for accepting the "shoddy science" of the original article.[138] Chopra and two TM groups sued Skolnick and JAMA for defamation, asking for $194 million in damages, but the case was dismissed in March 1993.[139]
Chopra was sued for copyright infringement by Robert Sapolsky, for using a chart displaying information on the endocrinology of stress without proper attribution, after the publication of Chopra's book Ageless Body, Timeless Mind.[140] "An out-of-court settlement" resulted in Chopra correctly attributing material that was researched by Sapolsky.[141]
Select bibliography[edit]
As of 2015[update], Chopra has written 80 books, 21 of them New York Times bestsellers, which have been translated into 43 languages.[142] His book The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success was on The New York Times Best Seller list[143] for 72 weeks.[144]
Books


(1987) Creating Health. New York: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 0-395-42953-6. 
(1989) Quantum Healing. New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-553-05368-X. 
(1991) Perfect Health. New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-553-81367-6. 
(1991) Return of the Rishi: A Doctor's Story of Spiritual Transformation and Ayurvedic Healing. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 978-0-395-57420-1. 
(1993) Ageless Body Timeless Mind. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-517-59257-6. 
(1994) The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success. San Rafael: Amber Allen Publishing and New World Library. ISBN 1-878424-11-4. 
(1995) The Return of Merlin. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-517-59849-3. 
(1995) The Way of the Wizard. New York: Random House. ISBN 0-517-70434-X. 
(1996) The Path to Love. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-517-70622-0. 
(2000) with David Simon, The Chopra Center Herbal Handbook. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-609-80390-5. 
(2004) The Book of Secrets. New York: Harmony. ISBN 0-517-70624-5. 
(2008) The Soul of Leadership. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-40806-X. 
(2008) The Third Jesus. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-33831-2. 
(2009) Reinventing the Body, Resurrecting the Soul. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-307-45233-7. 
(2011) with Leonard Mlodinow, War of the Worldviews. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-307-88688-0. 
(2011) with Gotham Chopra, The Seven Spiritual Laws of Superheroes: Harnessing Our Power to Change the World. HarperOne. ISBN 978-0-06-205966-6. 
(2012) God: A Story of Revelation. New York: HarperOne. ISBN 978-0-06-202069-7. 
(2012) with Rudolph E. Tanzi, Super Brain. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-95682-2. 
(2013) with Sanjiv Chopra, Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. New York: New Harvest. ISBN 978-0-544-03210-1. 
(2013) What Are You Hungry For?. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-7704-3721-4. 
(2015) with Rudolph Tanzi, Super Genes. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-8041-4013-8. :





See also[edit]


India portal
Biography portal
Health and fitness portal
Psychology portal



Celebrity doctor
Hard problem of consciousness
Indian Americans
Indians in the New York City metropolitan region
List of people in alternative medicine
Panpsychism
Spiritual naturalism

References[edit]


^ Deepak Chopra; Sanjiv Chopra (2013). Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. pp. 5–. ISBN 0-544-03210-1. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Jeffrey Brown (May 13, 2013). "Chopra Brothers Tell Story of How They Became Americans and Doctors in Memoir". PBS News Hour. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Deepak Chopra; Sanjiv Chopra (2013). Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. p. 194. ISBN 0-544-03210-1. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
Boye Lafayette De Mente (January 1, 1976). Cultural Failures That Are Destroying the American Dream! – The Destructive Influence of Male Dominance & Religious Dogma!. Cultural-Insight Books. p. 42. ISBN 978-0-914778-17-2. 
^ Alter, Charlotte (November 26, 2014). "Deepak Chopra on Why Gratitude is Good For You". Time. Retrieved December 16, 2014. 
^ "Deepak Chopra". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Chopra 1991, pp. 54–57; Joanne Kaufman, "Deepak Chopra – An 'Inner Stillness,' Even on the Subway," The New York Times, October 17, 2013.
^ a b c d John Gamel, "Hokum on the Rise: The 70-Percent Solution", The Antioch Review, 66(1), 2008, p. 130.
^ a b c d Perry, Tony (September 7, 1997). "So Rich, So Restless". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved November 10, 2013. 
^ a b c Baer 2003, p. 237.
^ a b Dunkel, Tom (2005). "Inner Peacekeeper". The Baltimore Sun. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ David Steele (September 11, 2012). The Million Dollar Private Practice: Using Your Expertise to Build a Business That Makes a Difference. John Wiley & Sons. pp. 26–. ISBN 978-1-118-22081-8. 
^ a b c d e Baer, HA (June 2003). "The work of Andrew Weil and Deepak Chopra—two holistic health/New Age gurus: a critique of the holistic health/New Age movements.". Medical anthropology quarterly. 17 (2): 240–241. JSTOR 3655336. PMID 12846118. doi:10.1525/maq.2003.17.2.233. 
^ a b Chopra, Deepak (December 2007). Perfect Health—Revised and Updated: The Complete Mind Body Guide. New York, NY: Three Rivers Press. p. 7. 
^ a b Chopra, Deepak (1997). Ageless Body, Timeless Mind: The Quantum Alternative to Growing Old. Random House. p. 6. 
^ a b c d Schneiderman, LJ (2003). "The (alternative) medicalization of life". Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics. 31 (2): 191–7. PMID 12964263. doi:10.1111/j.1748-720X.2003.tb00080.x. 
^ a b c d e Park, Robert L (September 1, 2005). "Chapter 9: Voodoo medicine in a scientific world". In Ashman, Keith; Barringer, Phillip. After the Science Wars: Science and the Study of Science. Routledge. pp. 137–. ISBN 978-1-134-61618-3. 
^ a b Zoe Rosenberg (February 26, 2014). "Deepak Chopra Drops $14.5M on Health-Centric Delos Condo". Vox Media. Retrieved December 25, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g Tompkins, Ptolemy (November 14, 2008). "New Age Supersage". Time. Archived from the original on April 12, 2009. Ever since his early days as an advocate of alternative healing and nutrition, Chopra has been a magnet for criticism—most of it from the medical and scientific communities. Accusations have ranged from the dismissive—Chopra is just another huckster purveying watered-down Eastern wisdom mixed with pseudo science and pop psychology—to the outright damning. 
^ a b c d "Face-Off: Does God Have a Future". Nightline. Season 30. Episode 58. Transcript from the Internet Archive. March 23, 2010. ABC. Retrieved July 9, 2010. 
^ a b Kaminer, Wendy (2008). "The Corrosion of the American Mind (reviewing The Age of American Unreason by Susan Jacoby)". The Wilson Quarterly. 32 (2): 92. JSTOR 40262377. Then came Scientology, the "science" of positive thinking, and, more recently, New Age healer Deepak Chopra's nonsensical references to quantum physics 
^ a b "Scientists find a link between low intelligence and acceptance of 'pseudo-profound bulls***'". The Independent. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ a b c Carroll, Robert Todd (May 19, 2013), "Deepak Chopra", The Skeptic's Dictionary 
^ a b David Gorski. "Deepak Chopra tries his hand at a clinical trial. Woo ensues". Retrieved 20 December 2016. 
^ Chamberlain, Adrian (October 10, 2015). "Backstage: A lesson in concentration from Deepak Chopra". Times Colonist. 
^ Chopra and Chopra 2013, pp. 5, 161.
^ Chopra 2013, pp. 5–6, 11–13; Michael Schulder (May 24, 2013). "The Chopra Brothers". CNN. 
^ "Chopra, Sanjiv, MD" Archived December 20, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. Retrieved May 15, 2014.
^ The AIIMSonians alumni site notes he joined AIIMS in 1964. Retrieved August 25, 2015.
^ Deepak Chopra, Return of the Rishi, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 1991, p. 1.
^ Carl Lindgren (March 31, 2010). "International Dreamer – Deepak Chopra". Map Magazine's Street Editors. Archived from the original on July 16, 2011. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 57; Deepak Chopra, "Special Keynote with Dr. Deepak Chopra", November 2013, from 2:50 mins; Richard Knox, "Foreign doctors: a US dilemma", Boston Globe, June 30, 1974.
^ "Dr. Deepak K Chopra", U.S. News and World Report.
^ "Deepak K. Chopra, M.D.", Commonwealth of Massachusetts Board of Registration in Medicine; "Verify a Physician's Certification" Archived December 13, 2013, at the Wayback Machine., American Board of Internal Medicine.
^ Lambert, Craig A. (July 1989). "Quantum Healing: An Interview with Deepak Chopra, M.D.". Yoga Journal (87): 47–53. 
^ Young, Anna M. (2014). Prophets, Gurus, and Pundits: Rhetorical Styles and Public Engagement. SIU Press. pp. 59–68. ISBN 9780809332953. OCLC 871781118. 
^ Hill, Maria (2016). The Emerging Sensitive: A Guide for Finding Your Place in the World. BookBaby. ISBN 9781682224755. OCLC 953493840. 
^ "Toward an Integrative Medicine". google.se. p. 121. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 105ff.
^ Chopra 1991, p. 125.
^ Rosamund Burton (June 4, 2006). "Peace Seeker". Nova Magazine. Archived from the original on November 5, 2013. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 139ff
^ Nafeez Mosaddeq Ahmed, "The Crisis of Perception", Media Monitors Network, February 29, 2008.
^ Elise Pettus, "The Mind–Body Problems," New York, August 14, 1995, (pp. 28–31, 95), p. 30. Also see Deepak Chopra, "Letters: Deepak responds," New York Magazine, September 25, 1995, p. 16.
^ Cynthia Ann Humes, "Schisms within Hindu guru groups: the Transcendental Meditation movement in North America," in James R. Lewis, Sarah M. Lewis (eds.), Sacred Schisms: How Religions Divide, Cambridge University Press, 2009, p. 297. Also see Cynthia Ann Humes, "Maharishi Mahesh Yogi: Beyond the TM Technique," in Thomas A. Forsthoefel, Cynthia Ann Humes (eds.), Gurus in America, State University of New York Press, 2005, pp. 68–69.
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31.
^ Deepak Chopra, "A Tribute to My Friend, Michael Jackson".
^ The Huffington Post, June 26, 2009; Gerald Posner, "Deepak Chopra: How Michael Jackson Could Have Been Saved", The Daily Beast, July 2, 2009, p. 4.
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31; Baer 2004, p. 129.
^ Deepak Chopra, "The Maharishi Years – The Untold Story: Recollections of a Former Disciple", The Huffington Post, February 13, 2008.
^ Nilanjana Bhaduri Jha (June 22, 2004). "'Employee loyalty comes first, the rest will follow' – Economic Times". The Times of India. Retrieved June 4, 2014. 
^ Carroll, Robert Todd (January 11, 2011). The Skeptic's Dictionary: A Collection of Strange Beliefs, Amusing Deceptions, and Dangerous Delusions. John Wiley & Sons. p. 48. ISBN 978-1-118-04563-3. 
^ Humes 2005, p. 69; Humes 2009, pp. 299, 302.
^ Cynthia Ann Humes, "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Perfect Health through Enlightened Marketing in America," in Frederick M. Smith, Dagmar Wujastyk (eds.), Modern and Global Ayurveda: Pluralism and Paradigms, State University of New York Press, 2008, p. 324.
^ Hoffman, Claire (February 22, 2013). "David Lynch Is Back … as a Guru of Transcendental Meditation". The New York Times. 
^ a b LLC, New York Media, (August 14, 1995). New York Magazine. New York Media, LLC. pp. 95–. Retrieved December 16, 2014. 
^ "Chopra, Deepak", California Department of Consumer Affairs. Retrieved March 23, 2016.
^ "Dr. Deepak K Chopra", U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved March 23, 2016.
^ "Endocrinologists, Scripps La Jolla Hospitals and Clinics", U.S. News & World Report. Archived May 29, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Mind–Body Medical Group" Archived May 29, 2014, at the Wayback Machine., Chopra Center; Deepak Chopra, "The Mind–Body Medical Group at the Chopra Center", The Chopra Well, May 26, 2014.
^ "Deepak Chopra, M.D.", The Chopra Center.
^ Paul A. Offit, Do You Believe in Magic? The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative Medicine, HarperCollins, 2013, p. 39; "Full Transcript: Your Call with Dr Deepak Chopra", NDTV, January 23, 2012; also see Craig Bromberg, "Doc of Ages," People, November 15, 1993.
^ For the National Council's letter, Humes 2005, p. 68; Humes 2009, p. 297; for the rest, Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31.
^ Humes 2008, p. 326.
^ David Ogul (February 9, 2012). "David Simon, 61, mind-body medicine pioneer, opened Chopra Center for Wellbeing". U-T San Diego. p. 1. 
^ Offit, Paul (2013). Do You Believe in Magic? The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative Medicine. HarperCollins. pp. 245–246. ISBN 978-0-06-222296-1. 
^ Rowe 2014, Truly, madly, deeply Deepak Chopra.
^ Srinivas Aravamudan, Guru English: South Asian Religion in a Cosmopolitan Language, Princeton University Press, 2005, p. 257.
^ "Deepak Chopra | Columbia Business School Directory". Columbia Business School, Columbia University in the City of New York. Retrieved December 12, 2015. 
^ "Deepak Chopra – Faculty – Kellogg School of Management". Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. Retrieved March 18, 2016. 
^ "Update in Internal Medicine". updateinternalmedicine.com/faculty. updateinternalmedicine.com. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Robert Todd Carroll (2011). "Auyrvedic medicine". The Skeptic's Dictionary. John Wiley & Sons. p. 48. ISBN 978-1-118-04563-3. 
^ Stanley, Alessandra. "A Plan to Rank 'Just' Companies Aims to Close the Wealth Gap". The New York Times. Retrieved February 8, 2016. 
^ Field, Anne. "Impact Investing Experts Weigh in on Paul Tudor Jones' JUST Capital". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2016. 
^ Maureen Seaberg. "Let's Raise ISHAR!". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ "State.com/about". Retrieved September 9, 2013. 
^ Jane Kelly (October 9, 2013). "Chopra and Huffington to Hold a Public Meditation on the Lawn Oct. 15". UVAToday. 
^ Anne Cukier (January 22, 2014). "Sages and Scientists Symposium 2014". Zapaday. 
^ "NAMA's Board of Advisors".
^ a b Butler, J. Thomas (July 1, 2011). Consumer Health: Making Informed Decisions. Jones & Bartlett Publishers. pp. 117–. ISBN 978-1-4496-7543-1. 
^ "Gallup Senior Scientists". Gallup.com. Archived from the original on February 16, 2011. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Belton, Beth (June 25, 2013). "Men's Wearhouse fires back at George Zimmer". USA Today. Retrieved July 10, 2013. 
^ David Segal, "Deepak Chopra And a New Age Of Comic Books", The Washington Post, March 3, 2007.
^ Robbins, Gary (March 15, 2016). "UCSD deepens ties with Deepak Chopra". U-T San Diego. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "What Is Consciousness & Where Is It?", discussion with Rudolph Tanzi, Menas Kafatos and Lothar Schäfer, Science and Nonduality Conference, 2013, 08:12 mins.

Attila Grandpierre, Deepak Chopra, P. Murali Doraiswamy, Rudolph Tanzi, Menas C. Kafatos, "A Multidisciplinary Approach to Mind and Consciousness", NeuroQuantology, 11(4), December 2013 (pp. 607–617), p. 609.


^ Deepak Chopra, Stuart Hameroff, "The 'Quantum Soul': A Scientific Hypothesis," in Alexander Moreira-Almeida, Franklin Santana Santos (eds.), Exploring Frontiers of the Mind-Brain Relationship, Springer, 2011 (pp. 79–93), p. 85.
^ Chopra, Deepak (2009) [1989]. Quantum Healing: Exploring the Frontiers of Mind Body Medicine. Random House. pp. 71–72, 74. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "Dangerous Ideas: Deepak Chopra & Richard Dawkins",[dead link] University of Puebla, November 9, 2013, 26:23 mins.

Also see Deepak Chopra, Menas Kafatos, Rudolph E. Tanzi, "From Quanta to Qualia: The Mystery of Reality (Part 1)", "(Part 2)", "(Part 3)", "(Part 4)", The Huffington Post, October 8, 15, 29 and November 12, 2012.


^ "India Today Conclave 2015: Darwin was wrong, says Deepak Chopra". India Today. March 13, 2015. 
As quoted by Steve Newton (April 8, 2015). "Why Does Deepak Chopra Hate Me?". NCSE blog. 
As quoted by Valerie Strauss (May 20, 2015). "Deepak Chopra blasts scientist who criticized his view of evolution. The scientist fires back.". The Washington Post (blog). 
^ Deepak Chopra and Leonard Mlodinow, War of the Worldviews, Random House, 2011, p. 123.
^ O'Neill, Ian (May 26, 2011). "Does Quantum Theory Explain Consciousness?". Discovery News. Discovery Communications, LLC. Retrieved August 11, 2014. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "Deepak Chopra Meditation", courtesy of YouTube, December 10, 2012.
^ "Deepak Chopra and the Chopra Center". ReligionFacts.com. Retrieved July 22, 2014. 
^ "Oprah Winfrey & Deepak Chopra Launch All-New Meditation Experience 'Expanding Your Happiness'". Broadway World. Retrieved July 22, 2014. 
^ For imbalance, see Baer 2004, p. 128; for the rest, Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 222–224, 234ff.
^ "Ayurvedic medicine". Cancer Research UK. There is no scientific evidence to prove that Ayurvedic medicine can treat or cure cancer or any other disease. 
^ Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 15, 241; Deepak Chopra, "Healing wisdom", The Chopra Center, June 12, 2013.

That he uses the term "quantum healing" as a metaphor, see Richard Dawkins, "Interview with Chopra", The Enemies of Reason, Channel 4 (UK), 2007, 01:16 mins.


^ Suzanne Newcombe, "Ayurvedic Medicine in Britain and the Epistemology of Practicing Medicine in Good Faith," in Smith and Wujastyk 2008, pp. 263–264; Kenneth Zysk, "New Age Ayurveda or what happens to Indian medicine when it comes to America," Traditional South Asian Medicine, 6, 2001, pp. 10–26. Also see Francoise Jeannotat, "Maharishi Ayur-veda," in Smith and Wujastyk 2008, p. 285ff.
^ John W. Zamarra, "Quantum Healing: Exploring the frontiers of mind/body medicine", New England Journal of Medicine, 321, December 14, 1989.
^ Cox, Brian (February 20, 2012). "Why Quantum Theory Is So Misunderstood – Speakeasy – WSJ". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "'Magic' of Quantum Physics". Aske-skeptics.org.uk. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ Park 2000, p. 137; Victor J. Stenger (2007). "Quantum Quackery". Skeptical Inquirer. 27 (1): 37. ; "Winners of the Ig Nobel Prize". Improbable Research. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 

Brian Cox says that "for some scientists, the unfortunate distortion and misappropriation of scientific ideas that often accompanies their integration into popular culture is an unacceptable price to pay." See Brian Cox (February 20, 2012). "Why Quantum Theory Is So Misunderstood". The Wall Street Journal. 
The main criticism revolves around the fact that macroscopic objects are too large to exhibit inherently quantum properties like interference and wave function collapse. Most literature on quantum healing is almost entirely theosophical, omitting the rigorous mathematics that makes quantum electrodynamics possible. See Doug Bramwell. "'Magic' of Quantum Physics". Association for Skeptical Enquiry. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 


^ Richard Dawkins, "Interview with Chopra", The Enemies of Reason, Channel 4 (UK), 2007; Deepak Chopra, "Richard Dawkins Plays God: The Video (Updated)", The Huffington Post, June 19, 2013.
^ Dann Dulin, "The Medicine Man", interview with Deepak Chopra, A&U magazine, 2000.
^ Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 37, 237, 239–241.
^ Lawrence J. Schneiderman (2003). "The (Alternative) Medicalization of Life". Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics. 31 (2): 192. PMID 12964263. doi:10.1111/j.1748-720X.2003.tb00080.x. 
^ a b c d Wanjek, Christopher (2003). Bad Medicine: Misconceptions and Misuses Revealed, from Distance Healing to Vitamin O. Wiley Bad Science Series. John Wiley & Sons. pp. 224–. ISBN 978-0-471-46315-3. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Posner, Gary P (2001). "Hardly a Prayer on ABC's 20/20 Downtown". Skeptical Inquirer (November/December). 
^ Deepak, Deepak (October 17, 2012). "I Will Not Be Pleased – Your Health and the Nocebo Effect". San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ Dare, Stephen (March 15, 2016). "Stephen Dare Interviews Deepak Chopra". Metro Jacksonville. 
^ For Time, Peter Rowe, "Truly, madly, deeply Deepak Chopra," U-T San Diego, May 3, 2014, p. 1; for Clinton, Public Papers of the presidents of the United States: William J. Clinton, 2000–2001, January 1 to June 26, 2000, Government Printing Office, 2001, p. 508; for Gorbachev and the quote, Cosmo Landesman, "There's an easy way to save the world," The Sunday Times, May 8, 2005.
^ George M. O'Har (2000). "Magic in the Machine Age". Technology and Culture. 41 (4): 864. JSTOR 25147641. doi:10.1353/tech.2000.0174. 
^ Paul Kurtz, Skepticism and Humanism: The New Paradigm, Transaction Publishers, 2001, p. 110; Wendy Kaminer (2008). "The Corrosion of the American Mind". The Wilson Quarterly. 32 (2): 92. JSTOR 40262377. 
^ Henderson, Mark (February 7, 2004). "Junk medicine; The triumph of mumbo jumbo". The Times (Book review). p. 4. 
^ Francis Wheen (July 6, 2005). How Mumbo-Jumbo Conquered the World: A Short History of Modern Delusions. PublicAffairs. pp. 46–. ISBN 978-0-7867-2352-2. 
^ Stephen Barrett. "A Few Thoughts on Ayurvedic Mumbo-Jumbo". Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Moukheiber, Zina (1994). "Lord of immortality". Forbes (Book review). 153 (8): 132. 
^ Lois Malcolm (2003). "God as best seller: Deepak Chopra, Neal Walsch and New Age theology". The Christian Century. 120 (19): 31.  commenting on Deepak Chopra (2008). How To Know God. Ebury Publishing. ISBN 978-1-4090-2220-6. 
^ Blau, Evelyne (May 1995). Krishnamurti: 100 Years. Stewart, Tabori, & Chang. p. 233. ISBN 978-1-55670-407-9. 
^ Alford, Mark (2012). "Is science the antidote to Deepak Chopra's spirituality?". Skeptical Inquirer. 36 (3): 54. Archived from the original on November 5, 2012. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (August 23, 2005). "Intelligent Design Without the Bible". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Shermer, Michael (March 28, 2008). "Skyhooks and Cranes: Deepak Chopra, George W. Bush, and Intelligent Design". The Huffington Post. Retrieved November 30, 2008. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (August 24, 2005). "Rescuing Intelligent Design – But from Whom?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Paul Kurtz (2001). Skepticism and Humanism: The New Paradigm. Transaction Publishers. p. 110. ISBN 978-1-4128-3411-7. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ a b Coyne, Jerry A (November 8, 2013). "Pseudoscientist Rupert Sheldrake Is Not Being Persecuted, And Is Not Like Galileo". The New Republic. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (November 30, 2009). "The Perils of Skepticism". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Plait, Phil (December 1, 2009). "Deepak Chopra: redefining 'wrong'". Discover. 
^ Orzel, Chad (October 11, 2013). "Malcolm Gladwell Is Deepak Chopra". ScienceBlogs. Retrieved October 13, 2013. 
^ O'Har, George M (2000). "Magic in the Machine Age". Technology and Culture. 41 (4): 862–864. doi:10.1353/tech.2000.0174. 
^ Stenger, Victor J (1997). "Quantum Quackery". Skeptical Inquirer. 21 (1): 37-. 
^ "Winners of the Ig Nobel Prize". Improbable Research. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ "The Enemies of Reason". Channel 4. 
^ "Study Finds People Who Fall For Nonsense Inspirational Quotes Are Less Intelligent". The Huffington Post. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Pennycook, Gordon; et al. (November 2015). "On the reception and detection of pseudo-profound b......t". Judgment and Decision Making. Pennsylvania: Society for Judgment and Decision Making (SJDM) and the European Association for Decision Making (EADM). 10 (6): 549–563. Retrieved December 3, 2015. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "April 28, 2010". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "Dr. Chopra: Honor thy heritage". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "On Faith Panelists Blog: Hinduism and Sanatana Dharma: One and the same – Aseem Shukla". The Washington Post. Retrieved July 9, 2010. 
^ Hari M. Sharma; B. D. Triguna; Deepak Chopra (May 22, 1991). "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Modern insights into ancient medicine". Journal of the American Medical Association. 265 (20): 2633–4, 2637. PMID 1817464. doi:10.1001/jama.265.20.2633. 
^ "Financial Disclosure". JAMA. 266 (6): 798. August 14, 1991. doi:10.1001/jama.1991.03470060060025. ; Andrew A. Skolnick (October 2, 1991). "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Guru's marketing scheme promises the world eternal 'perfect health'". JAMA. 266 (13): 1741–1750. PMID 1817475. doi:10.1001/jama.1991.03470130017003. .

Also see Andrew A. Skolnick (Fall 1991). "The Maharhish Caper: Or How to Hoodwink Top Medical Journals". ScienceWriters. 


^ Robert Barnett; Cathy Sears (October 11, 1991). "JAMA gets into an Indian herbal jam". Science. 254 (5029): 188–189. JSTOR 2885745. PMID 1925571. doi:10.1126/science.1925571. 
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31; "Deepak's Days in Court". The New York Times. August 18, 1996. 
^ Kazak, Don (March 5, 1997). "matDon Kazak, "Book Talk", Time (March 5, 1997)". paloaltoonline.com. Retrieved August 1, 2012. 
^ TNN (April 15, 2001). "The Times of India, Halyeema Sayed, The Mind-Body, April 15, 2001". The Times of India. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Harper Collins author bio.
^ Presley Noble, Barbara (April 2, 1995). "SPENDING IT: OFF THE SHELF; Habits of Highly Effective Authors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 
^ McGee, Micki (August 10, 2005). Self-Help, Inc.: Makeover Culture in American Life. Oxford University Press. pp. 71–. ISBN 978-0-19-988368-4. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 


Further reading[edit]


Butler, J. Thomas. "Ayurveda," in Consumer Health: Making Informed Decisions, Jones & Bartlett Publishers, 2011, pp. 117–118.
Butler, Kurt and Barrett, Stephen (1992). A Consumer's Guide to "Alternative Medicine": A Close Look at Homeopathy, Acupuncture, Faith-healing, and Other Unconventional Treatments. Prometheus Books, pp. 110–116. ISBN 978-0-87975-733-5.
Kaeser, Eduard (July 2013). "Science kitsch and pop science: A reconnaissance". Public Understanding of Science. 22 (5): 559–69. PMID 23833170. doi:10.1177/0963662513489390. 
Kafatos, Menas, Nadeau, Robert. The Conscious Universe: Parts and Wholes in Physical Reality, Springer, 2013.
Nacson, Leon (1998). Deepak Chopra: How to Live in a World of Infinite Possibilities. Random House. ISBN 0-09-183673-5. 
Scherer, Jochen. "The 'scientific' presentation and legitimation of the teaching of synchronicity in New Age literature," in James R. Lewis, Olav Hammer (eds.), Handbook of Religion and the Authority of Science, Brill Academic Publishers, 2010.


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


New Age movement



Non-exclusive
Themes



Age of Aquarius
Akashic records
Alternative medicine
Ancient astronauts
Angels
Animism
Ascended master
Astral projection
Astrology
Atlantis
Aura
Conspiracy theories
Contactee
Cosmic ordering
Crystal healing
Earth Changes
Earth mysteries
Ecofeminism
Energy
Environmentalism
Faith healing
Feng shui
Gaia hypothesis
Gaia philosophy
Gnosis
Goddess movement
Idealism
Indigo children
Intuition
Karma
Law of attraction
Lemuria
Magic
Meditation
Mediumship
Michael Teachings
New Age communities
New Age music
Odic force
Paganism
Pantheism
Parapsychology
Perception
Perennial philosophy
Quantum mysticism
Qi
Reincarnation
Religious pluralism
Supernatural
Tantra
UFOs
Veganism
Vegetarianism
Wellness
Yoga





Proponents or
individual
influences



José Argüelles
Richard Bach
Alice Bailey
Annie Besant
Helena Blavatsky
William Bloom
Gregg Braden
Rhonda Byrne
Eileen Caddy
Marjorie Cameron
Lee Carroll
Edgar Cayce
Deepak Chopra
Andrew Cohen
Benjamin Creme
Aleister Crowley
Scott Cunningham
Adi Da
Ram Dass
Wayne Dyer
Werner Erhard
Marilyn Ferguson
Debbie Ford
Gandalf
Linda Goodman
Glenda Green
Alex Grey
Michael Harner
Esther Hicks
Barbara Marx Hubbard
David Icke
Timothy Leary
John Lilly
Max Freedom Long
Shirley MacLaine
Leon MacLaren
Terence McKenna
Corinne McLaughlin
Michael Mirdad
Leonard Orr
Jack Parsons
Daniel Quinn
James Redfield
Wilhelm Reich
Jane Roberts
Helena Roerich
Mark Satin
Helen Schucman
John Selby
Ravi Shankar
David Spangler
Joshua David Stone
Ingo Swann
Michael Talbot
William Thetford
Eckhart Tolle
Neale Donald Walsch
Ken Wilber
Stuart Wilde
Marianne Williamson
Robert Anton Wilson
Oprah Winfrey
Fred Alan Wolf
Roger Woolger
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi





Other
influences



Advaita Vedanta
Animism
Anthroposophy
Ariosophy
Ascended Master Teachings
Astrology
Beat Generation
Buddhism
Cannabis culture
Cognitive science
Conspiracy theories
Discordianism
Eight-circuit model of consciousness
Entheogens
Esoteric Christianity
Esotericism
Freemasonry
Fringe science
Gay liberation
Gnosticism
Hermeticism
Hinduism
Hippie subculture
Human Potential Movement
Huna
Integral theory
Kabbalah
Leather subculture
Metaphysics
Neuro-linguistic programming
New Thought
Nonviolence
Occultism
Paganism

Neo-Druidism
Wicca


Postmodernism
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudoscience
Psychedelic music
Quantum mechanics
Rastafari movement
Rosicrucianism
School of Economic Science
Science fiction
Seth Material
Shamanism
Shinto
Spiritism
Spiritualism
Spirituality
Sufism
Taoism
Thelema
Theosophy
Traditionalist School
Transhumanism
Transpersonal psychology
Zen












v
t
e


Pseudoscience



Terminology



Cargo cult science
Charlatan
Crank
Fringe theory

Fringe science
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudohistory


Junk science
Paranormal
Pathological science
Quackery
Snake oil
Superseded scientific theories
True-believer syndrome
Voodoo science





Examples



2012 phenomenon
Acupuncture
Alchemy
Alternative medicine
Ancient astronauts
Anthroposophic medicine
Applied kinesiology
Astrology
Bates method
Biodynamic agriculture
Bloodletting
Body memory
Catastrophism
Chiropractic
Chromotherapy
Conspiracy theory

9/11 conspiracy theories
Chemtrail conspiracy theory
Climate change denial
Moon landing conspiracy theories


Conversion therapy
Creation science
Crystal healing
Cryptozoology
Detoxification

Colon cleansing


Dianetics
Dowsing
Ear candling
Electromagnetic hypersensitivity
Electronic Voice Phenomenon
Feng shui
Flat Earth Theory
Germ theory denialism
Graphology
HIV/AIDS denialism
Hollow Earth theory
Homeopathy
Humorism
Indigo children
Intelligent design
Japhetic theory
Levitation
Lunar effect
Lysenkoism
Magnet therapy
Mediumship
Naturopathy
Nazi archaeology
Nibiru cataclysm
Numerology
Perpetual motion
Orgone
Phrenology
Polygraph
Primal therapy
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudohistory

Genocide denial
Historical negationism
Holocaust denial


Pseudoscientific metrology
Psychohistory
Quantum mysticism
Recovered-memory therapy
Reiki
Scientific racism

Aryan race
Melanin theory


Trepanning
Ufology
Voice stress analysis





Related topics



Bourgeois pseudoscience
Suppressed research in the Soviet Union





Resources



Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
Cults of Unreason
Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience
Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science
Quackwatch
JREF
The Psychology of the Occult
The Ragged Edge of Science
The Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience
Skeptical Inquirer
The Skeptic's Dictionary






List of topics characterized as pseudoscience










v
t
e


Transcendental Meditation



Programs



History of Transcendental Meditation
Maharishi Peace Palace
Maharishi Vastu Architecture
Maharishi Vedic Approach to Health
Transcendental Meditation in education
Transcendental Meditation technique





Organizations



David Lynch Foundation (US)
Global Country of World Peace
Maharishi Heaven on Earth Development
Natural Law Party
Natural Law Party of Canada
Natural Law Party (United States)
Transcendental Meditation movement





Education



Maharishi Institute of Management (IN)
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi Vedic University (IN)
Maharishi School (UK)
Maharishi School of the Age of Enlightenment (US)
Maharishi University of Management and Technology (IN)
Maharishi University of Management (US)
Maharishi Vidya Mandir Schools (IN)





People



Ashley Deans
Bevan Morris
Brahmananda Saraswati
David Lynch
David Orme-Johnson
Deepak Chopra
John Hagelin
Nancy Cooke de Herrera
List of people who have learned Transcendental Meditation
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
Nancy Lonsdorf
Prudence Farrow
Tony Nader
The Beatles in India





Places



Fairfield, Iowa (US)
Golden Domes (US)
Hararit (IL)
Kolleg St. Ludwig (NL)
Maharishi Vedic City, Iowa (US)





Media



Catching the Big Fish
David Wants to Fly
KSCI
TM and Cult Mania
Transcendence: Healing and Transformation Through Transcendental Meditation








Find out more on Wikipedia's
Sister projects


Media
from Commons
Quotations
from Wikiquote
Data
from Wikidata







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 34491177
LCCN: n86130779
ISNI: 0000 0001 1556 5934
GND: 115460624
SUDOC: 029724503
BNF: cb12128712w (data)
MusicBrainz: bc1fbace-7ef8-48d6-a413-65ab9a227bdc
BNE: XX1049304










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Deepak_Chopra&oldid=791414599"					
Categories: 1946 birthsAll India Institute of Medical Sciences alumniAmerican male writers of Indian descentAmerican spiritual writersAyurvedacharyasCelebrity doctorsIndian emigrants to the United States20th-century Indian medical doctorsIndian motivational speakersIndian self-help writersIndian spiritual writersLiving peopleNautilus Book Award winnersNew Age spiritual leadersNew Age writersPeople from New DelhiPeople in alternative medicineQuantum mysticismRecipients of the Medal of the Presidency of the Italian RepublicSelf-published authorsSt. Columba's School, Delhi alumniThe Huffington Post writers and columnistsTranscendental Meditation practitionersSiddha medicineHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Wikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from October 2016Use American English from April 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishBiography template using pronunciationArticles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Articles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2006Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2013Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2005Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2015Pages using refbegin with normalfont parameterWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersUse American English from March 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةتۆرکجهБългарскиCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीItalianoעבריתKapampanganമലയാളംमराठीNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeاردو 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 03:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Deepak Chopra - Wikipedia






















 







Deepak Chopra

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 20 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Deepak Chopra (disambiguation).


Deepak Chopra



Chopra in 2006



Pronunciation
/ˈdiːpɑːk ˈtʃoʊprə/ Hindustani: [d̪iːpək tʃoːpraː]


Born
(1946-10-22) October 22, 1946 (age 70)[1]
New Delhi, British India


Nationality
American[2]


Alma mater
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi


Occupation
Alternative medicine advocate, public speaker, writer


Spouse(s)
Rita Chopra


Children
Mallika Chopra and Gotham Chopra


Parent(s)
Krishan Chopra, Pushpa Chopra


Relatives
Sanjiv Chopra (brother)


Website
Official website


Deepak Chopra (born October 22, 1946) is an American author, public speaker, alternative medicine advocate, and a prominent figure in the New Age movement.[3][4][5] Through his books and videos, he has become one of the best-known and wealthiest figures in alternative medicine.[6]
Chopra studied medicine in India before emigrating to the United States in 1970 where he completed residencies in internal medicine and endocrinology. As a licensed physician, he became chief of staff at the New England Memorial Hospital (NEMH) in 1980.[7] He met Maharishi Mahesh Yogi in 1985 and became involved with the Transcendental Meditation movement (TM). He resigned his position at NEMH shortly thereafter to establish the Maharishi Ayurveda Health Center.[8] Chopra gained a following in 1993 after his interview on The Oprah Winfrey Show regarding his books.[9] He then left the TM movement to become the executive director of Sharp HealthCare's Center for Mind-Body Medicine and in 1996 he co-founded the Chopra Center for Wellbeing.[7][8][10]
Chopra believes that a person may attain "perfect health", a condition "that is free from disease, that never feels pain", and "that cannot age or die".[11][12] Seeing the human body as being undergirded by a "quantum mechanical body" composed not of matter but of energy and information, he believes that "human aging is fluid and changeable; it can speed up, slow down, stop for a time, and even reverse itself," as determined by one's state of mind.[11][13] He claims that his practices can also treat chronic disease.[14][15] As of 2014[update], Deepak Chopra lived in a "health-centric" condominium in Manhattan.[16]
The ideas Chopra promotes have been regularly criticized by medical and scientific professionals as pseudoscience.[17][18][19][20] This criticism has been described as ranging "from dismissive [to] damning".[17] For example, Robert Carroll states Chopra attempts to integrate Ayurveda with quantum mechanics to justify his teachings.[21] Chopra argues that what he calls "quantum healing" cures any manner of ailments, including cancer, through effects that he claims are literally based on the same principles as quantum mechanics.[15] This has led physicists to object to his use of the term quantum in reference to medical conditions and the human body.[15] His treatments benefit from the placebo response,[6] and some argue that his claims for the effectiveness of alternative medicine can lure sick people away from medical treatments.[17] He is placed by David Gorski among the "quacks", "cranks" and "purveyors of woo", and described as "arrogantly obstinate".[22] Richard Dawkins publicly exposed Chopra, accusing him of using "quantum jargon as plausible-sounding hocus pocus".[citation needed]



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life and education
1.2 East Coast years
1.3 West Coast years
1.4 Alternative medicine business
1.5 Teaching and other roles


2 Ideas and reception

2.1 Consciousness
2.2 Approach to health care
2.3 Alternative medicine
2.4 Aging
2.5 Spirituality and religion
2.6 Position on skepticism
2.7 Use of scientific terminology
2.8 Yoga


3 Legal actions
4 Select bibliography
5 See also
6 References
7 Further reading
8 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life and education[edit]
Chopra was born in New Delhi, India,[23] to Krishan Lal Chopra (1919–2001) and Pushpa Chopra.[24]
His paternal grandfather was a sergeant in the British Indian Army. His father was a prominent cardiologist, head of the department of medicine and cardiology at New Delhi's Moolchand Khairati Ram Hospital for over 25 years; he was also a lieutenant in the British army, serving as an army doctor at the front at Burma and acting as a medical adviser to Lord Mountbatten, viceroy of India.[25] As of 2014[update] Chopra's younger brother, Sanjiv Chopra, is a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School and on staff at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.[26]
Chopra completed his primary education at St. Columba's School in New Delhi and graduated from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in 1969.[citation needed][27] He spent his first months as a doctor working in rural India, including, he writes, six months in a village where the lights went out whenever it rained.[28] It was during his early career that he was drawn to study endocrinology, particularly neuroendocrinology, to find a biological basis for the influence of thoughts and emotions.[29]
He married in India in 1970 before emigrating with his wife that year to the United States.[9] The Indian government had banned its doctors from sitting the American Medical Association exam needed to practice in the USA, so Chopra had to travel to Sri Lanka to take it. After passing he arrived in the United States to take up a clinical internship at Muhlenberg Hospital in Plainfield, New Jersey, where doctors from overseas were being recruited to replace those serving in Vietnam.[30]
Between 1971 and 1977 he completed residencies in internal medicine at the Lahey Clinic in Burlington, Massachusetts, the VA Medical Center, St Elizabeth's Medical Center and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston.[31] He earned his license to practice medicine in the state of Massachusetts in 1973, becoming board certified in internal medicine, specializing in endocrinology.[32]
East Coast years[edit]
Chopra taught at the medical schools of Tufts University, Boston University and Harvard University,[33][34][35] and became Chief of Staff at the New England Memorial Hospital (NEMH) (later known as the Boston Regional Medical Center) in Stoneham, Massachusetts, before establishing a private practice in Boston in endocrinology.[36]




Maharishi Mahesh Yogi was an influence on Chopra in the 1980s


While visiting New Delhi in 1981, he met the physician Brihaspati Dev Triguna, head of the Indian Council for Ayurvedic Medicine, whose advice prompted him to begin investigating Ayurvedic practices.[37] Chopra was "drinking black coffee by the hour and smoking at least a pack of cigarettes a day".[38] He took up Transcendental Meditation to help him stop; as of 2006[update] he continued to meditate for two hours every morning and half an hour in the evening.[39]
Chopra's involvement with TM led to a meeting, in 1985, with the leader of the TM movement, Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, who asked him to establish an Ayurvedic health center.[8][40] He left his position at the NEMH. Chopra said that one of the reasons he left was his disenchantment at having to prescribe too many drugs: "[W]hen all you do is prescribe medication, you start to feel like a legalized drug pusher. That doesn't mean that all prescriptions are useless, but it is true that 80 percent of all drugs prescribed today are of optional or marginal benefit."[41]
He became the founding president of the American Association of Ayurvedic Medicine, one of the founders of Maharishi Ayur-Veda Products International, and medical director of the Maharishi Ayur-Veda Health Center in Lancaster, Massachusetts. The center charged between $2,850 and $3,950 a week for Ayurvedic cleansing rituals such as massages, enemas and oil baths; TM lessons cost an additional $1,000. Celebrity patients included Elizabeth Taylor.[42] Chopra also became one of the TM movement's spokespersons. In 1989 the Maharishi awarded him the title "Dhanvantari of Heaven and Earth" (Dhanvantari is the Hindu physician to the gods).[43] That year Chopra's Quantum Healing: Exploring the Frontiers of Mind/Body Medicine was published, followed by Perfect Health: The Complete Mind/Body Guide (1990).[7]
West Coast years[edit]
In June 1993 he moved to California as executive director of Sharp HealthCare's Institute for Human Potential and Mind/Body Medicine, and head of their Center for Mind/Body Medicine, a clinic in an exclusive resort in Del Mar, California that charged $4,000 a week and included Michael Jackson's family among its clients.[44] Chopra and Jackson first met in 1988 and remained friends for 20 years. When Jackson died in 2009 after being administered prescription drugs, Chopra said he hoped it would be a call to action against the "cult of drug-pushing doctors, with their co-dependent relationships with addicted celebrities".[45][46]
Chopra left the Transcendental Meditation movement around the time he moved to California in January 1993.[47] By his own account, the Maharishi had accused him of competing for the Maharishi's position as guru,[48] although Chopra rejects identification as a "guru".[49] According to Robert Todd Carroll, Chopra left the TM organization when it "became too stressful" and was a "hindrance to his success".[50] Cynthia Ann Humes writes that the Maharishi was concerned, and not only with regard to Chopra, that rival systems were being taught at lower prices.[51] Chopra, for his part, was worried that his close association with the TM movement might prevent Ayurvedic medicine from being accepted as legitimate, particularly after the problems with the JAMA article.[52] He also stated that he had become uncomfortable with what seemed like a "cultish atmosphere around Maharishi".[53]
In 1995 Chopra was not licensed to practice medicine in California where he had a clinic; however, he did not see patients at this clinic "as a doctor" during this time.[54] In 2004 he received his California medical licence, and as of 2014[update] is affiliated with Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla, California.[55][56][57] Chopra is the owner and supervisor of the Mind-Body Medical Group within the Chopra Center, which in addition to standard medical treatment offers personalized advice about nutrition, sleep-wake cycles and stress management, based on mainstream medicine and Ayurveda.[58] He is a fellow of the American College of Physicians and member of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists.[59]
The couple had two adult children and three grandchildren as of 2013[update].[5] As of 2014[update], Deepak Chopra lived in a "health-centric" condominium in Manhattan.[16]
Alternative medicine business[edit]
Chopra's Ageless Body, Timeless Mind: The Quantum Alternative to Growing Old was published in 1993.[7] The book and his friendship with Michael Jackson gained him an interview on July 12 that year on Oprah, which made him a household name. Paul Offit writes that within 24 hours Chopra had sold 137,000 copies of his book and 400,000 by the end of the week.[60] Four days after the interview, the Maharishi National Council of the Age of Enlightenment wrote to TM centers in the United States, instructing them not to promote Chopra, and his name and books were removed from the movement's literature and health centers.[61] Neuroscientist Tony Nader became the movement's new "Dhanvantari of Heaven and Earth".[62]
Sharp HealthCare changed ownership in 1996 and Chopra left to set up the Chopra Center for Wellbeing with neurologist David Simon, now located at the Omni La Costa Resort and Spa in Carlsbad, California.[63] In his 2013 book Do You Believe in Magic?, Paul Offit writes that Chopra's business grosses approximately $20 million annually, and is built on the sale of various alternative medicine products such as herbal supplements, massage oils, books, videos and courses. A year's worth of products for "anti-ageing" can cost up to $10,000, Offit wrote.[64] Chopra himself is estimated to be worth over $80 million as of 2014[update].[65] As of 2005[update], according to Srinivas Aravamudan, he was able to charge $25,000 to $30,000 per lecture five or six times a month.[66] Medical anthropologist Hans Baer said Chopra was an example of a successful entrepreneur, but that he focused too much on serving the upper-class through an alternative to medical hegemony, rather than a truly holistic approach to health.[11]
Teaching and other roles[edit]
Chopra serves as an adjunct professor in the marketing division at Columbia Business School.[67] He serves as adjunct professor of executive programs at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.[68] He participates annually as a lecturer at the Update in Internal Medicine event sponsored by Harvard Medical School and the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.[69] Robert Carroll writes of Chopra charging $25,000 per lecture, "giving spiritual advice while warning against the ill effects of materialism".[70]
In 2015, Chopra partnered with businessman Paul Tudor Jones II to found JUST Capital, a non-profit which ranks companies in terms of just business practices in an effort to promote economic justice.[71][72] In 2014 Chopra founded ISHAR (Integrative Studies Historical Archive and Repository).[73] In 2012, Chopra joined the board of advisors for tech startup State.com, creating a browsable network of structured opinions.[74] In 2009 Chopra founded the Chopra Foundation, a tax-exempt 501(c) organization that raises funds to promote and research alternative health.[75] The Foundation sponsors annual Sages and Scientists conferences.[76] He sits on the board of advisors of the National Ayurvedic Medical Association.[77] Chopra founded the American Association for Ayurvedic Medicine (AAAM) and Maharishi AyurVeda Products International, though he later distanced himself from these organizations.[78] In 2005 Chopra was appointed as a senior scientist at The Gallup Organization.[79] Since 2004 he has been a board member of Men's Wearhouse, a men's clothing distributor.[80] In 2006 he launched Virgin Comics with his son Gotham Chopra and entrepreneur Richard Branson.[81] In 2016 Chopra was promoted from assistant professor to full professor at the University of California, San Diego in their Department of Family Medicine.[82]
Ideas and reception[edit]
Chopra believes that a person may attain "perfect health", a condition "that is free from disease, that never feels pain", and "that cannot age or die".[11][12] Seeing the human body as being undergirded by a "quantum mechanical body" comprised not of matter but of energy and information, he believes that "human aging is fluid and changeable; it can speed up, slow down, stop for a time, and even reverse itself," as determined by one's state of mind.[11][13] He claims that his practices can also treat chronic disease.[14][15]
Consciousness[edit]
Chopra speaks and writes regularly about metaphysics, including the study of consciousness and Vedanta philosophy. He is a philosophical idealist, arguing for the primacy of consciousness over matter and for teleology and intelligence in nature – that mind, or "dynamically active consciousness", is a fundamental feature of the universe.[83]
In this view, consciousness is both subject and object.[84] It is consciousness, he writes, that creates reality; we are not "physical machines that have somehow learned to think...[but] thoughts that have learned to create a physical machine".[85] He argues that the evolution of species is the evolution of consciousness seeking to express itself as multiple observers; the universe experiences itself through our brains: "We are the eyes of the universe looking at itself".[86] He has been quoted as saying "Charles Darwin was wrong. Consciousness is key to evolution and we will soon prove that."[87] He opposes reductionist thinking in science and medicine, arguing that we can trace the physical structure of the body down to the molecular level and still have no explanation for beliefs, desires, memory and creativity.[88] In his book Quantum Healing, Chopra stated the conclusion that quantum entanglement links everything in the Universe, and therefore it must create consciousness.[89]
Approach to health care [edit]




Deepak Chopra at the Clinton "Health Matters" Conference in La Quinta, California, January 14, 2013


Chopra argues that everything that happens in the mind and brain is physically represented elsewhere in the body, with mental states (thoughts, feelings, perceptions and memories) directly influencing physiology by means of neurotransmitters such as dopamine, oxytocin and serotonin. He has stated, "Your mind, your body and your consciousness – which is your spirit – and your social interactions, your personal relationships, your environment, how you deal with the environment, and your biology are all inextricably woven into a single process … By influencing one, you influence everything."[90]
Chopra and physicians at the Chopra Center practise integrative medicine, combining the medical model of conventional Western medicine with alternative therapies such as yoga, mindfulness meditation, and Ayurveda.[91][92] According to Ayurveda, illness is caused by an imbalance in the patient's doshas or humours, and is treated with diet, exercise and meditative practices[93] – based on the medical evidence there is, however, nothing in Ayurvedic medicine that is known to be effective at treating disease, and some preparations may be actively harmful, although meditation may be useful in promoting general wellbeing.[94]
In discussing health care, Chopra has used the term "quantum healing", which he defined in Quantum Healing (1989) as the "ability of one mode of consciousness (the mind) to spontaneously correct the mistakes in another mode of consciousness (the body)".[95] This attempted to wed the Maharishi's version of Ayurvedic medicine with concepts from physics, an example of what cultural historian Kenneth Zysk called "New Age Ayurveda".[96] The book introduced Chopra's view that a person's thoughts and feelings give rise to all cellular processes.[97]
Chopra coined the term quantum healing to invoke the idea of a process whereby a person's health "imbalance" is corrected by quantum mechanical means. Chopra said that quantum phenomena are responsible for health and wellbeing. He has attempted to integrate Ayurveda, a traditional Indian system of medicine, with quantum mechanics, in order to justify his teachings. According to Robert Carroll, he "charges $25,000 per lecture performance, where he spouts a few platitudes and gives spiritual advice while warning against the ill effects of materialism".[21]
Chopra has equated spontaneous remission in cancer to a change in quantum state, corresponding to a jump to "a new level of consciousness that prohibits the existence of cancer". Physics professor Robert L. Park has written that physicists "wince" at the "New Age quackery" in Chopra's cancer theories, and characterizes them as a cruel fiction, since adopting them in place of effective treatment risks compounding the ill effects of the disease with guilt, and might rule out the prospect of getting a genuine cure.[15]
Chopra's claims of quantum healing have attracted controversy due to what has been described as a "systematic misinterpretation" of modern physics.[98] Chopra's connections between quantum mechanics and alternative medicine are widely regarded in the scientific community as being invalid. The main criticism revolves around the fact that macroscopic objects are too large to exhibit inherently quantum properties like interference and wave function collapse. Most literature on quantum healing is almost entirely theosophical, omitting the rigorous mathematics that makes quantum electrodynamics possible.[99]
Physicists have objected to Chopra's use of terms from quantum physics; he was awarded the satirical Ig Nobel Prize in physics in 1998 for "his unique interpretation of quantum physics as it applies to life, liberty, and the pursuit of economic happiness".[100] When Chopra and Jean Houston debated Sam Harris and Michael Shermer in 2010 on the question "Does God Have a Future?", Harris argued that Chopra's use of "spooky physics" merged two language games in a "completely unprincipled way".[18] Interviewed in 2007 by Richard Dawkins, Chopra said that he used the term quantum as a metaphor when discussing healing and that it had little to do with quantum theory in physics.[101]
Chopra wrote in 2000 that his AIDS patients were combining mainstream medicine with activities based on Ayurveda, including taking herbs, meditation and yoga.[102] He acknowledges that AIDS is caused by the HIV virus, but says that, "'[h]earing' the virus in its vicinity, the DNA mistakes it for a friendly or compatible sound". Ayurveda uses vibrations which are said to correct this supposed sound distortion.[103] Medical professor Lawrence Schneiderman writes that Chopra's treatment has "to put it mildly...no supporting empirical data".[104]
In 2001, ABC News aired a show segment on the topic of distance healing and prayer.[105] In it Chopra said that "there is a realm of reality that goes beyond the physical where in fact we can influence each other from a distance".[105] Chopra was shown using his claimed mental powers in an attempt to relax a person in another room, whose vital signs were recorded in charts which were said to show a correspondence between Chopra's periods of concentration and the subject's periods of relaxation.[105] After the show, a poll of its viewers found that 90% of them believed in distance healing.[106] Health and science journalist Christopher Wanjek has criticized the experiment, saying that any correspondence evident from the charts would prove nothing, but that even so freezing the frame of the video showed the correspondences were not so close as claimed. Wanjek characterized the broadcast as "an instructive example of how bad medicine is presented as exciting news" which had "a dependence on unusual or sensational science results that others in the scientific community renounce as unsound".[105]
Alternative medicine[edit]
See also: Maharishi Vedic Approach to Health
Chopra has been described as "America's most prominent spokesman for Ayurveda".[78] His treatments benefit from the placebo response.[6] Chopra states "The placebo effect is real medicine, because it triggers the body's healing system."[107]
Chopra has metaphorically described the AIDS virus as emitting "a sound that lures the DNA to its destruction". The condition can be treated, according to Chopra, with "Ayurveda's primordial sound".[14] Taking issue with this view, medical professor Lawrence Schneiderman has said that ethical issues are raised when alternative medicine is not based on empirical evidence and that, "to put it mildly, Dr. Chopra proposes a treatment and prevention program for AIDS that has no supporting empirical data".[14]
He is placed by David Gorski among the "quacks", "cranks" and "purveyors of woo", and described as "arrogantly obstinate".[22] The New York Times in 2013 stated that Deepak Chopra is "the controversial New Age guru and booster of alternative medicine".[5] The Time magazine stated that he is "the poet-prophet of alternative medicine."[108] He has become one of the best-known and wealthiest figures in the holistic-health movement.[6] The Times argued that his publishers have used his medical degree on the covers of his books as a way to promote the books and buttress their claims.[54] In 1999 Time magazine included Chopra in its list of the 20th century's heroes and icons. The following year Mikhail Gorbachev referred to him as "one of the most lucid and inspired philosophers of our time". Cosmo Landesman wrote in 2005 that Chopra was "hardly a man now, more a lucrative new age brand – the David Beckham of personal/spiritual growth".[109] A 2008 Time magazine article by Ptolemy Tompkins commented that for most of his career Chopra had been a "magnet for criticism", and most of it was from the medical and scientific professionals.[17] Opinions ranged from the "dismissive" to the "outright damning".[17] Chopra's claims for the effectiveness of alternative medicine can, some have argued, lure sick people away from medical treatments.[17] Tompkins however considered Chopra a "beloved" individual whose basic messages centered on "love, health and happiness" had made him rich because of their popular appeal.[17] English professor George O'Har argues that Chopra exemplifies the need of human beings for meaning and spirit in their lives, and places what he calls Chopra's "sophistries" alongside the emotivism of Oprah Winfrey.[110] Paul Kurtz writes that Chopra's "regnant spirituality" is reinforced by postmodern criticism of the notion of objectivity in science, while Wendy Kaminer equates Chopra's views with irrational belief systems such as New Thought, Christian Science, and Scientology.[111]
Aging[edit]
Chopra believes that "ageing is simply learned behaviour" that can be slowed or prevented.[112] Chopra has said that he expects "to live way beyond 100".[113] He states that "by consciously using our awareness, we can influence the way we age biologically...You can tell your body not to age."[114] Conversely, Chopra also says that ageing can be accelerated, for example by a person engaging in "cynical mistrust".[115]
Robert Todd Carroll has characterized Chopra's promotion of lengthened life as a selling of "hope" that seems to be "a false hope based on an unscientific imagination steeped in mysticism and cheerily dispensed gibberish".[21]
Spirituality and religion[edit]
Chopra has likened the universe to a "reality sandwich" which has three layers: the "material" world, a "quantum" zone of matter and energy, and a "virtual" zone outside of time and space, which is the domain of God, and from which God can direct the other layers. Chopra has written that human beings' brains are "hardwired to know God" and that the functions of the human nervous system mirror divine experience.[116] Chopra has written that his thinking has been inspired by Jiddu Krishnamurti, a 20th-century speaker and writer on philosophical and spiritual subjects.[117]
In 2012, reviewing War of the Worldviews – a book co-authored by Chopra and Leonard Mlodinow – physics professor Mark Alford says that the work is set out as a debate between the two authors, "[covering] all the big questions: cosmology, life and evolution, the mind and brain, and God". Alford considers the two sides of the debate a false opposition, and says that "the counterpoint to Chopra's speculations is not science, with its complicated structure of facts, theories, and hypotheses," but rather Occam's razor.[118]
In August 2005, Chopra wrote a series of articles on the creation-evolution controversy and Intelligent design, which were criticized by science writer Michael Shermer, founder of The Skeptics Society.[119][120][121] In 2010, Shermer said that Chopra is "the very definition of what we mean by pseudoscience".[18]
Position on skepticism[edit]
Paul Kurtz, an American skeptic and secular humanist, has written that the popularity of Chopra's views is associated with increasing anti-scientific attitudes in society, and such popularity represents an assault on the objectivity of science itself by seeking new, alternative forms of validation for ideas. Kurtz says that medical claims must always be submitted to open-minded but proper scrutiny, and that skepticism "has its work cut out for it".[122]
In 2013, Chopra published an article on what he saw as "skepticism" at work in Wikipedia, arguing that a "stubborn band of militant skeptics" were editing articles to prevent what he believes would be a fair representation of the views of such figures as Rupert Sheldrake, an author, lecturer, and researcher in parapsychology. The result, Chopra argued, was that the encyclopedia's readers were denied the opportunity to read of attempts to "expand science beyond its conventional boundaries".[123] The biologist Jerry Coyne responded, saying that it was instead Chopra who was losing out as his views were being "exposed as a lot of scientifically-sounding psychobabble".[123]
More broadly, Chopra has attacked skepticism as a whole, writing in The Huffington Post that "No skeptic, to my knowledge, ever made a major scientific discovery or advanced the welfare of others."[124] Astronomer Phil Plait said this statement trembled "on the very edge of being a blatant and gross lie", listing Carl Sagan, Richard Feynman, Stephen Jay Gould, and Edward Jenner among the "thousands of scientists [who] are skeptics", who he said were counterexamples to Chopra's statement.[125]
Use of scientific terminology[edit]
See also: Quantum mysticism
Reviewing Susan Jacoby's book, The Age of American Unreason, Wendy Kaminer sees Chopra's popular reception in the USA as being symptomatic of many Americans' historical inability (as Jacoby puts it) "to distinguish between real scientists and those who peddled theories in the guise of science". Chopra's "nonsensical references to quantum physics" are placed in a lineage of American religious pseudoscience, extending back through Scientology to Christian Science.[19] Physics professor Chad Orzel has written that "to a physicist, Chopra's babble about 'energy fields' and 'congealing quantum soup' presents as utter gibberish", but that Chopra makes enough references to technical terminology to convince non-scientists that he understands physics.[126] English professor George O'Har writes that Chopra is as an exemplification of the fact that human beings need "magic" in their lives, and places "the sophistries of Chopra" alongside the emotivism of Oprah Winfrey, the special effects and logic of Star Trek, and the magic of Harry Potter.[127]
Chopra has been criticized for his frequent references to the relationship of quantum mechanics to healing processes, a connection that has drawn skepticism from physicists who say it can be considered as contributing to the general confusion in the popular press regarding quantum measurement, decoherence and the Heisenberg uncertainty principle.[128] In 1998, Chopra was awarded the satirical Ig Nobel Prize in physics for "his unique interpretation of quantum physics as it applies to life, liberty, and the pursuit of economic happiness".[129] When interviewed by ethologist and evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins in the Channel 4 (UK) documentary The Enemies of Reason, Chopra said that he used the term "quantum physics" as "a metaphor" and that it had little to do with quantum theory in physics.[130] In March 2010, Chopra and Jean Houston debated Sam Harris and Michael Shermer at the California Institute of Technology on the question "Does God Have a Future?" Shermer and Harris criticized Chopra's use of scientific terminology to expound unrelated spiritual concepts.[18]
A 2015 paper examining "the reception and detection of pseudo-profound bullshit" used Chopra's Twitter feed as the canonical example, and compared this with fake Chopra quotes generated by a spoof website.[20][131][132]
Yoga[edit]
In April 2010 Aseem Shukla, co-founder of the Hindu American Foundation, criticized Chopra for suggesting that yoga did not have its origins in Hinduism but in an older Indian spiritual tradition.[133] Chopra later said that yoga was rooted in "consciousness alone" expounded by Vedic rishis long before historic Hinduism ever arose. He accused Shukla of having a "fundamentalist agenda". Shukla responded by saying Chopra was an exponent of the art of "How to Deconstruct, Repackage and Sell Hindu Philosophy Without Calling it Hindu!", and he said Chopra's mentioning of fundamentalism was an attempt to divert the debate.[134][135]
Legal actions[edit]
In May 1991, the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) published an article by Chopra and two others on Ayurvedic medicine and TM.[136] JAMA subsequently published an erratum stating that the lead author, Hari M. Sharma, had undisclosed financial interests, followed by an article by JAMA associate editor Andrew A. Skolnick which was highly critical of Chopra and the other authors for failing to disclose their financial connections to the article subject.[137] Several experts on meditation and traditional Indian medicine criticized JAMA for accepting the "shoddy science" of the original article.[138] Chopra and two TM groups sued Skolnick and JAMA for defamation, asking for $194 million in damages, but the case was dismissed in March 1993.[139]
Chopra was sued for copyright infringement by Robert Sapolsky, for using a chart displaying information on the endocrinology of stress without proper attribution, after the publication of Chopra's book Ageless Body, Timeless Mind.[140] "An out-of-court settlement" resulted in Chopra correctly attributing material that was researched by Sapolsky.[141]
Select bibliography[edit]
As of 2015[update], Chopra has written 80 books, 21 of them New York Times bestsellers, which have been translated into 43 languages.[142] His book The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success was on The New York Times Best Seller list[143] for 72 weeks.[144]
Books


(1987) Creating Health. New York: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 0-395-42953-6. 
(1989) Quantum Healing. New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-553-05368-X. 
(1991) Perfect Health. New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-553-81367-6. 
(1991) Return of the Rishi: A Doctor's Story of Spiritual Transformation and Ayurvedic Healing. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 978-0-395-57420-1. 
(1993) Ageless Body Timeless Mind. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-517-59257-6. 
(1994) The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success. San Rafael: Amber Allen Publishing and New World Library. ISBN 1-878424-11-4. 
(1995) The Return of Merlin. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-517-59849-3. 
(1995) The Way of the Wizard. New York: Random House. ISBN 0-517-70434-X. 
(1996) The Path to Love. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-517-70622-0. 
(2000) with David Simon, The Chopra Center Herbal Handbook. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-609-80390-5. 
(2004) The Book of Secrets. New York: Harmony. ISBN 0-517-70624-5. 
(2008) The Soul of Leadership. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-40806-X. 
(2008) The Third Jesus. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-33831-2. 
(2009) Reinventing the Body, Resurrecting the Soul. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-307-45233-7. 
(2011) with Leonard Mlodinow, War of the Worldviews. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-307-88688-0. 
(2011) with Gotham Chopra, The Seven Spiritual Laws of Superheroes: Harnessing Our Power to Change the World. HarperOne. ISBN 978-0-06-205966-6. 
(2012) God: A Story of Revelation. New York: HarperOne. ISBN 978-0-06-202069-7. 
(2012) with Rudolph E. Tanzi, Super Brain. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-95682-2. 
(2013) with Sanjiv Chopra, Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. New York: New Harvest. ISBN 978-0-544-03210-1. 
(2013) What Are You Hungry For?. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-7704-3721-4. 
(2015) with Rudolph Tanzi, Super Genes. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-8041-4013-8. :





See also[edit]


India portal
Biography portal
Health and fitness portal
Psychology portal



Celebrity doctor
Hard problem of consciousness
Indian Americans
Indians in the New York City metropolitan region
List of people in alternative medicine
Panpsychism
Spiritual naturalism

References[edit]


^ Deepak Chopra; Sanjiv Chopra (2013). Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. pp. 5–. ISBN 0-544-03210-1. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Jeffrey Brown (May 13, 2013). "Chopra Brothers Tell Story of How They Became Americans and Doctors in Memoir". PBS News Hour. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Deepak Chopra; Sanjiv Chopra (2013). Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. p. 194. ISBN 0-544-03210-1. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
Boye Lafayette De Mente (January 1, 1976). Cultural Failures That Are Destroying the American Dream! – The Destructive Influence of Male Dominance & Religious Dogma!. Cultural-Insight Books. p. 42. ISBN 978-0-914778-17-2. 
^ Alter, Charlotte (November 26, 2014). "Deepak Chopra on Why Gratitude is Good For You". Time. Retrieved December 16, 2014. 
^ "Deepak Chopra". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Chopra 1991, pp. 54–57; Joanne Kaufman, "Deepak Chopra – An 'Inner Stillness,' Even on the Subway," The New York Times, October 17, 2013.
^ a b c d John Gamel, "Hokum on the Rise: The 70-Percent Solution", The Antioch Review, 66(1), 2008, p. 130.
^ a b c d Perry, Tony (September 7, 1997). "So Rich, So Restless". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved November 10, 2013. 
^ a b c Baer 2003, p. 237.
^ a b Dunkel, Tom (2005). "Inner Peacekeeper". The Baltimore Sun. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ David Steele (September 11, 2012). The Million Dollar Private Practice: Using Your Expertise to Build a Business That Makes a Difference. John Wiley & Sons. pp. 26–. ISBN 978-1-118-22081-8. 
^ a b c d e Baer, HA (June 2003). "The work of Andrew Weil and Deepak Chopra—two holistic health/New Age gurus: a critique of the holistic health/New Age movements.". Medical anthropology quarterly. 17 (2): 240–241. JSTOR 3655336. PMID 12846118. doi:10.1525/maq.2003.17.2.233. 
^ a b Chopra, Deepak (December 2007). Perfect Health—Revised and Updated: The Complete Mind Body Guide. New York, NY: Three Rivers Press. p. 7. 
^ a b Chopra, Deepak (1997). Ageless Body, Timeless Mind: The Quantum Alternative to Growing Old. Random House. p. 6. 
^ a b c d Schneiderman, LJ (2003). "The (alternative) medicalization of life". Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics. 31 (2): 191–7. PMID 12964263. doi:10.1111/j.1748-720X.2003.tb00080.x. 
^ a b c d e Park, Robert L (September 1, 2005). "Chapter 9: Voodoo medicine in a scientific world". In Ashman, Keith; Barringer, Phillip. After the Science Wars: Science and the Study of Science. Routledge. pp. 137–. ISBN 978-1-134-61618-3. 
^ a b Zoe Rosenberg (February 26, 2014). "Deepak Chopra Drops $14.5M on Health-Centric Delos Condo". Vox Media. Retrieved December 25, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g Tompkins, Ptolemy (November 14, 2008). "New Age Supersage". Time. Archived from the original on April 12, 2009. Ever since his early days as an advocate of alternative healing and nutrition, Chopra has been a magnet for criticism—most of it from the medical and scientific communities. Accusations have ranged from the dismissive—Chopra is just another huckster purveying watered-down Eastern wisdom mixed with pseudo science and pop psychology—to the outright damning. 
^ a b c d "Face-Off: Does God Have a Future". Nightline. Season 30. Episode 58. Transcript from the Internet Archive. March 23, 2010. ABC. Retrieved July 9, 2010. 
^ a b Kaminer, Wendy (2008). "The Corrosion of the American Mind (reviewing The Age of American Unreason by Susan Jacoby)". The Wilson Quarterly. 32 (2): 92. JSTOR 40262377. Then came Scientology, the "science" of positive thinking, and, more recently, New Age healer Deepak Chopra's nonsensical references to quantum physics 
^ a b "Scientists find a link between low intelligence and acceptance of 'pseudo-profound bulls***'". The Independent. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ a b c Carroll, Robert Todd (May 19, 2013), "Deepak Chopra", The Skeptic's Dictionary 
^ a b David Gorski. "Deepak Chopra tries his hand at a clinical trial. Woo ensues". Retrieved 20 December 2016. 
^ Chamberlain, Adrian (October 10, 2015). "Backstage: A lesson in concentration from Deepak Chopra". Times Colonist. 
^ Chopra and Chopra 2013, pp. 5, 161.
^ Chopra 2013, pp. 5–6, 11–13; Michael Schulder (May 24, 2013). "The Chopra Brothers". CNN. 
^ "Chopra, Sanjiv, MD" Archived December 20, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. Retrieved May 15, 2014.
^ The AIIMSonians alumni site notes he joined AIIMS in 1964. Retrieved August 25, 2015.
^ Deepak Chopra, Return of the Rishi, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 1991, p. 1.
^ Carl Lindgren (March 31, 2010). "International Dreamer – Deepak Chopra". Map Magazine's Street Editors. Archived from the original on July 16, 2011. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 57; Deepak Chopra, "Special Keynote with Dr. Deepak Chopra", November 2013, from 2:50 mins; Richard Knox, "Foreign doctors: a US dilemma", Boston Globe, June 30, 1974.
^ "Dr. Deepak K Chopra", U.S. News and World Report.
^ "Deepak K. Chopra, M.D.", Commonwealth of Massachusetts Board of Registration in Medicine; "Verify a Physician's Certification" Archived December 13, 2013, at the Wayback Machine., American Board of Internal Medicine.
^ Lambert, Craig A. (July 1989). "Quantum Healing: An Interview with Deepak Chopra, M.D.". Yoga Journal (87): 47–53. 
^ Young, Anna M. (2014). Prophets, Gurus, and Pundits: Rhetorical Styles and Public Engagement. SIU Press. pp. 59–68. ISBN 9780809332953. OCLC 871781118. 
^ Hill, Maria (2016). The Emerging Sensitive: A Guide for Finding Your Place in the World. BookBaby. ISBN 9781682224755. OCLC 953493840. 
^ "Toward an Integrative Medicine". google.se. p. 121. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 105ff.
^ Chopra 1991, p. 125.
^ Rosamund Burton (June 4, 2006). "Peace Seeker". Nova Magazine. Archived from the original on November 5, 2013. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 139ff
^ Nafeez Mosaddeq Ahmed, "The Crisis of Perception", Media Monitors Network, February 29, 2008.
^ Elise Pettus, "The Mind–Body Problems," New York, August 14, 1995, (pp. 28–31, 95), p. 30. Also see Deepak Chopra, "Letters: Deepak responds," New York Magazine, September 25, 1995, p. 16.
^ Cynthia Ann Humes, "Schisms within Hindu guru groups: the Transcendental Meditation movement in North America," in James R. Lewis, Sarah M. Lewis (eds.), Sacred Schisms: How Religions Divide, Cambridge University Press, 2009, p. 297. Also see Cynthia Ann Humes, "Maharishi Mahesh Yogi: Beyond the TM Technique," in Thomas A. Forsthoefel, Cynthia Ann Humes (eds.), Gurus in America, State University of New York Press, 2005, pp. 68–69.
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31.
^ Deepak Chopra, "A Tribute to My Friend, Michael Jackson".
^ The Huffington Post, June 26, 2009; Gerald Posner, "Deepak Chopra: How Michael Jackson Could Have Been Saved", The Daily Beast, July 2, 2009, p. 4.
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31; Baer 2004, p. 129.
^ Deepak Chopra, "The Maharishi Years – The Untold Story: Recollections of a Former Disciple", The Huffington Post, February 13, 2008.
^ Nilanjana Bhaduri Jha (June 22, 2004). "'Employee loyalty comes first, the rest will follow' – Economic Times". The Times of India. Retrieved June 4, 2014. 
^ Carroll, Robert Todd (January 11, 2011). The Skeptic's Dictionary: A Collection of Strange Beliefs, Amusing Deceptions, and Dangerous Delusions. John Wiley & Sons. p. 48. ISBN 978-1-118-04563-3. 
^ Humes 2005, p. 69; Humes 2009, pp. 299, 302.
^ Cynthia Ann Humes, "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Perfect Health through Enlightened Marketing in America," in Frederick M. Smith, Dagmar Wujastyk (eds.), Modern and Global Ayurveda: Pluralism and Paradigms, State University of New York Press, 2008, p. 324.
^ Hoffman, Claire (February 22, 2013). "David Lynch Is Back … as a Guru of Transcendental Meditation". The New York Times. 
^ a b LLC, New York Media, (August 14, 1995). New York Magazine. New York Media, LLC. pp. 95–. Retrieved December 16, 2014. 
^ "Chopra, Deepak", California Department of Consumer Affairs. Retrieved March 23, 2016.
^ "Dr. Deepak K Chopra", U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved March 23, 2016.
^ "Endocrinologists, Scripps La Jolla Hospitals and Clinics", U.S. News & World Report. Archived May 29, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Mind–Body Medical Group" Archived May 29, 2014, at the Wayback Machine., Chopra Center; Deepak Chopra, "The Mind–Body Medical Group at the Chopra Center", The Chopra Well, May 26, 2014.
^ "Deepak Chopra, M.D.", The Chopra Center.
^ Paul A. Offit, Do You Believe in Magic? The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative Medicine, HarperCollins, 2013, p. 39; "Full Transcript: Your Call with Dr Deepak Chopra", NDTV, January 23, 2012; also see Craig Bromberg, "Doc of Ages," People, November 15, 1993.
^ For the National Council's letter, Humes 2005, p. 68; Humes 2009, p. 297; for the rest, Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31.
^ Humes 2008, p. 326.
^ David Ogul (February 9, 2012). "David Simon, 61, mind-body medicine pioneer, opened Chopra Center for Wellbeing". U-T San Diego. p. 1. 
^ Offit, Paul (2013). Do You Believe in Magic? The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative Medicine. HarperCollins. pp. 245–246. ISBN 978-0-06-222296-1. 
^ Rowe 2014, Truly, madly, deeply Deepak Chopra.
^ Srinivas Aravamudan, Guru English: South Asian Religion in a Cosmopolitan Language, Princeton University Press, 2005, p. 257.
^ "Deepak Chopra | Columbia Business School Directory". Columbia Business School, Columbia University in the City of New York. Retrieved December 12, 2015. 
^ "Deepak Chopra – Faculty – Kellogg School of Management". Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. Retrieved March 18, 2016. 
^ "Update in Internal Medicine". updateinternalmedicine.com/faculty. updateinternalmedicine.com. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Robert Todd Carroll (2011). "Auyrvedic medicine". The Skeptic's Dictionary. John Wiley & Sons. p. 48. ISBN 978-1-118-04563-3. 
^ Stanley, Alessandra. "A Plan to Rank 'Just' Companies Aims to Close the Wealth Gap". The New York Times. Retrieved February 8, 2016. 
^ Field, Anne. "Impact Investing Experts Weigh in on Paul Tudor Jones' JUST Capital". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2016. 
^ Maureen Seaberg. "Let's Raise ISHAR!". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ "State.com/about". Retrieved September 9, 2013. 
^ Jane Kelly (October 9, 2013). "Chopra and Huffington to Hold a Public Meditation on the Lawn Oct. 15". UVAToday. 
^ Anne Cukier (January 22, 2014). "Sages and Scientists Symposium 2014". Zapaday. 
^ "NAMA's Board of Advisors".
^ a b Butler, J. Thomas (July 1, 2011). Consumer Health: Making Informed Decisions. Jones & Bartlett Publishers. pp. 117–. ISBN 978-1-4496-7543-1. 
^ "Gallup Senior Scientists". Gallup.com. Archived from the original on February 16, 2011. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Belton, Beth (June 25, 2013). "Men's Wearhouse fires back at George Zimmer". USA Today. Retrieved July 10, 2013. 
^ David Segal, "Deepak Chopra And a New Age Of Comic Books", The Washington Post, March 3, 2007.
^ Robbins, Gary (March 15, 2016). "UCSD deepens ties with Deepak Chopra". U-T San Diego. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "What Is Consciousness & Where Is It?", discussion with Rudolph Tanzi, Menas Kafatos and Lothar Schäfer, Science and Nonduality Conference, 2013, 08:12 mins.

Attila Grandpierre, Deepak Chopra, P. Murali Doraiswamy, Rudolph Tanzi, Menas C. Kafatos, "A Multidisciplinary Approach to Mind and Consciousness", NeuroQuantology, 11(4), December 2013 (pp. 607–617), p. 609.


^ Deepak Chopra, Stuart Hameroff, "The 'Quantum Soul': A Scientific Hypothesis," in Alexander Moreira-Almeida, Franklin Santana Santos (eds.), Exploring Frontiers of the Mind-Brain Relationship, Springer, 2011 (pp. 79–93), p. 85.
^ Chopra, Deepak (2009) [1989]. Quantum Healing: Exploring the Frontiers of Mind Body Medicine. Random House. pp. 71–72, 74. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "Dangerous Ideas: Deepak Chopra & Richard Dawkins",[dead link] University of Puebla, November 9, 2013, 26:23 mins.

Also see Deepak Chopra, Menas Kafatos, Rudolph E. Tanzi, "From Quanta to Qualia: The Mystery of Reality (Part 1)", "(Part 2)", "(Part 3)", "(Part 4)", The Huffington Post, October 8, 15, 29 and November 12, 2012.


^ "India Today Conclave 2015: Darwin was wrong, says Deepak Chopra". India Today. March 13, 2015. 
As quoted by Steve Newton (April 8, 2015). "Why Does Deepak Chopra Hate Me?". NCSE blog. 
As quoted by Valerie Strauss (May 20, 2015). "Deepak Chopra blasts scientist who criticized his view of evolution. The scientist fires back.". The Washington Post (blog). 
^ Deepak Chopra and Leonard Mlodinow, War of the Worldviews, Random House, 2011, p. 123.
^ O'Neill, Ian (May 26, 2011). "Does Quantum Theory Explain Consciousness?". Discovery News. Discovery Communications, LLC. Retrieved August 11, 2014. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "Deepak Chopra Meditation", courtesy of YouTube, December 10, 2012.
^ "Deepak Chopra and the Chopra Center". ReligionFacts.com. Retrieved July 22, 2014. 
^ "Oprah Winfrey & Deepak Chopra Launch All-New Meditation Experience 'Expanding Your Happiness'". Broadway World. Retrieved July 22, 2014. 
^ For imbalance, see Baer 2004, p. 128; for the rest, Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 222–224, 234ff.
^ "Ayurvedic medicine". Cancer Research UK. There is no scientific evidence to prove that Ayurvedic medicine can treat or cure cancer or any other disease. 
^ Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 15, 241; Deepak Chopra, "Healing wisdom", The Chopra Center, June 12, 2013.

That he uses the term "quantum healing" as a metaphor, see Richard Dawkins, "Interview with Chopra", The Enemies of Reason, Channel 4 (UK), 2007, 01:16 mins.


^ Suzanne Newcombe, "Ayurvedic Medicine in Britain and the Epistemology of Practicing Medicine in Good Faith," in Smith and Wujastyk 2008, pp. 263–264; Kenneth Zysk, "New Age Ayurveda or what happens to Indian medicine when it comes to America," Traditional South Asian Medicine, 6, 2001, pp. 10–26. Also see Francoise Jeannotat, "Maharishi Ayur-veda," in Smith and Wujastyk 2008, p. 285ff.
^ John W. Zamarra, "Quantum Healing: Exploring the frontiers of mind/body medicine", New England Journal of Medicine, 321, December 14, 1989.
^ Cox, Brian (February 20, 2012). "Why Quantum Theory Is So Misunderstood – Speakeasy – WSJ". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "'Magic' of Quantum Physics". Aske-skeptics.org.uk. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ Park 2000, p. 137; Victor J. Stenger (2007). "Quantum Quackery". Skeptical Inquirer. 27 (1): 37. ; "Winners of the Ig Nobel Prize". Improbable Research. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 

Brian Cox says that "for some scientists, the unfortunate distortion and misappropriation of scientific ideas that often accompanies their integration into popular culture is an unacceptable price to pay." See Brian Cox (February 20, 2012). "Why Quantum Theory Is So Misunderstood". The Wall Street Journal. 
The main criticism revolves around the fact that macroscopic objects are too large to exhibit inherently quantum properties like interference and wave function collapse. Most literature on quantum healing is almost entirely theosophical, omitting the rigorous mathematics that makes quantum electrodynamics possible. See Doug Bramwell. "'Magic' of Quantum Physics". Association for Skeptical Enquiry. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 


^ Richard Dawkins, "Interview with Chopra", The Enemies of Reason, Channel 4 (UK), 2007; Deepak Chopra, "Richard Dawkins Plays God: The Video (Updated)", The Huffington Post, June 19, 2013.
^ Dann Dulin, "The Medicine Man", interview with Deepak Chopra, A&U magazine, 2000.
^ Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 37, 237, 239–241.
^ Lawrence J. Schneiderman (2003). "The (Alternative) Medicalization of Life". Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics. 31 (2): 192. PMID 12964263. doi:10.1111/j.1748-720X.2003.tb00080.x. 
^ a b c d Wanjek, Christopher (2003). Bad Medicine: Misconceptions and Misuses Revealed, from Distance Healing to Vitamin O. Wiley Bad Science Series. John Wiley & Sons. pp. 224–. ISBN 978-0-471-46315-3. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Posner, Gary P (2001). "Hardly a Prayer on ABC's 20/20 Downtown". Skeptical Inquirer (November/December). 
^ Deepak, Deepak (October 17, 2012). "I Will Not Be Pleased – Your Health and the Nocebo Effect". San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ Dare, Stephen (March 15, 2016). "Stephen Dare Interviews Deepak Chopra". Metro Jacksonville. 
^ For Time, Peter Rowe, "Truly, madly, deeply Deepak Chopra," U-T San Diego, May 3, 2014, p. 1; for Clinton, Public Papers of the presidents of the United States: William J. Clinton, 2000–2001, January 1 to June 26, 2000, Government Printing Office, 2001, p. 508; for Gorbachev and the quote, Cosmo Landesman, "There's an easy way to save the world," The Sunday Times, May 8, 2005.
^ George M. O'Har (2000). "Magic in the Machine Age". Technology and Culture. 41 (4): 864. JSTOR 25147641. doi:10.1353/tech.2000.0174. 
^ Paul Kurtz, Skepticism and Humanism: The New Paradigm, Transaction Publishers, 2001, p. 110; Wendy Kaminer (2008). "The Corrosion of the American Mind". The Wilson Quarterly. 32 (2): 92. JSTOR 40262377. 
^ Henderson, Mark (February 7, 2004). "Junk medicine; The triumph of mumbo jumbo". The Times (Book review). p. 4. 
^ Francis Wheen (July 6, 2005). How Mumbo-Jumbo Conquered the World: A Short History of Modern Delusions. PublicAffairs. pp. 46–. ISBN 978-0-7867-2352-2. 
^ Stephen Barrett. "A Few Thoughts on Ayurvedic Mumbo-Jumbo". Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Moukheiber, Zina (1994). "Lord of immortality". Forbes (Book review). 153 (8): 132. 
^ Lois Malcolm (2003). "God as best seller: Deepak Chopra, Neal Walsch and New Age theology". The Christian Century. 120 (19): 31.  commenting on Deepak Chopra (2008). How To Know God. Ebury Publishing. ISBN 978-1-4090-2220-6. 
^ Blau, Evelyne (May 1995). Krishnamurti: 100 Years. Stewart, Tabori, & Chang. p. 233. ISBN 978-1-55670-407-9. 
^ Alford, Mark (2012). "Is science the antidote to Deepak Chopra's spirituality?". Skeptical Inquirer. 36 (3): 54. Archived from the original on November 5, 2012. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (August 23, 2005). "Intelligent Design Without the Bible". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Shermer, Michael (March 28, 2008). "Skyhooks and Cranes: Deepak Chopra, George W. Bush, and Intelligent Design". The Huffington Post. Retrieved November 30, 2008. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (August 24, 2005). "Rescuing Intelligent Design – But from Whom?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Paul Kurtz (2001). Skepticism and Humanism: The New Paradigm. Transaction Publishers. p. 110. ISBN 978-1-4128-3411-7. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ a b Coyne, Jerry A (November 8, 2013). "Pseudoscientist Rupert Sheldrake Is Not Being Persecuted, And Is Not Like Galileo". The New Republic. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (November 30, 2009). "The Perils of Skepticism". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Plait, Phil (December 1, 2009). "Deepak Chopra: redefining 'wrong'". Discover. 
^ Orzel, Chad (October 11, 2013). "Malcolm Gladwell Is Deepak Chopra". ScienceBlogs. Retrieved October 13, 2013. 
^ O'Har, George M (2000). "Magic in the Machine Age". Technology and Culture. 41 (4): 862–864. doi:10.1353/tech.2000.0174. 
^ Stenger, Victor J (1997). "Quantum Quackery". Skeptical Inquirer. 21 (1): 37-. 
^ "Winners of the Ig Nobel Prize". Improbable Research. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ "The Enemies of Reason". Channel 4. 
^ "Study Finds People Who Fall For Nonsense Inspirational Quotes Are Less Intelligent". The Huffington Post. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Pennycook, Gordon; et al. (November 2015). "On the reception and detection of pseudo-profound b......t". Judgment and Decision Making. Pennsylvania: Society for Judgment and Decision Making (SJDM) and the European Association for Decision Making (EADM). 10 (6): 549–563. Retrieved December 3, 2015. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "April 28, 2010". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "Dr. Chopra: Honor thy heritage". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "On Faith Panelists Blog: Hinduism and Sanatana Dharma: One and the same – Aseem Shukla". The Washington Post. Retrieved July 9, 2010. 
^ Hari M. Sharma; B. D. Triguna; Deepak Chopra (May 22, 1991). "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Modern insights into ancient medicine". Journal of the American Medical Association. 265 (20): 2633–4, 2637. PMID 1817464. doi:10.1001/jama.265.20.2633. 
^ "Financial Disclosure". JAMA. 266 (6): 798. August 14, 1991. doi:10.1001/jama.1991.03470060060025. ; Andrew A. Skolnick (October 2, 1991). "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Guru's marketing scheme promises the world eternal 'perfect health'". JAMA. 266 (13): 1741–1750. PMID 1817475. doi:10.1001/jama.1991.03470130017003. .

Also see Andrew A. Skolnick (Fall 1991). "The Maharhish Caper: Or How to Hoodwink Top Medical Journals". ScienceWriters. 


^ Robert Barnett; Cathy Sears (October 11, 1991). "JAMA gets into an Indian herbal jam". Science. 254 (5029): 188–189. JSTOR 2885745. PMID 1925571. doi:10.1126/science.1925571. 
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31; "Deepak's Days in Court". The New York Times. August 18, 1996. 
^ Kazak, Don (March 5, 1997). "matDon Kazak, "Book Talk", Time (March 5, 1997)". paloaltoonline.com. Retrieved August 1, 2012. 
^ TNN (April 15, 2001). "The Times of India, Halyeema Sayed, The Mind-Body, April 15, 2001". The Times of India. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Harper Collins author bio.
^ Presley Noble, Barbara (April 2, 1995). "SPENDING IT: OFF THE SHELF; Habits of Highly Effective Authors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 
^ McGee, Micki (August 10, 2005). Self-Help, Inc.: Makeover Culture in American Life. Oxford University Press. pp. 71–. ISBN 978-0-19-988368-4. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 


Further reading[edit]


Butler, J. Thomas. "Ayurveda," in Consumer Health: Making Informed Decisions, Jones & Bartlett Publishers, 2011, pp. 117–118.
Butler, Kurt and Barrett, Stephen (1992). A Consumer's Guide to "Alternative Medicine": A Close Look at Homeopathy, Acupuncture, Faith-healing, and Other Unconventional Treatments. Prometheus Books, pp. 110–116. ISBN 978-0-87975-733-5.
Kaeser, Eduard (July 2013). "Science kitsch and pop science: A reconnaissance". Public Understanding of Science. 22 (5): 559–69. PMID 23833170. doi:10.1177/0963662513489390. 
Kafatos, Menas, Nadeau, Robert. The Conscious Universe: Parts and Wholes in Physical Reality, Springer, 2013.
Nacson, Leon (1998). Deepak Chopra: How to Live in a World of Infinite Possibilities. Random House. ISBN 0-09-183673-5. 
Scherer, Jochen. "The 'scientific' presentation and legitimation of the teaching of synchronicity in New Age literature," in James R. Lewis, Olav Hammer (eds.), Handbook of Religion and the Authority of Science, Brill Academic Publishers, 2010.


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


New Age movement



Non-exclusive
Themes



Age of Aquarius
Akashic records
Alternative medicine
Ancient astronauts
Angels
Animism
Ascended master
Astral projection
Astrology
Atlantis
Aura
Conspiracy theories
Contactee
Cosmic ordering
Crystal healing
Earth Changes
Earth mysteries
Ecofeminism
Energy
Environmentalism
Faith healing
Feng shui
Gaia hypothesis
Gaia philosophy
Gnosis
Goddess movement
Idealism
Indigo children
Intuition
Karma
Law of attraction
Lemuria
Magic
Meditation
Mediumship
Michael Teachings
New Age communities
New Age music
Odic force
Paganism
Pantheism
Parapsychology
Perception
Perennial philosophy
Quantum mysticism
Qi
Reincarnation
Religious pluralism
Supernatural
Tantra
UFOs
Veganism
Vegetarianism
Wellness
Yoga





Proponents or
individual
influences



José Argüelles
Richard Bach
Alice Bailey
Annie Besant
Helena Blavatsky
William Bloom
Gregg Braden
Rhonda Byrne
Eileen Caddy
Marjorie Cameron
Lee Carroll
Edgar Cayce
Deepak Chopra
Andrew Cohen
Benjamin Creme
Aleister Crowley
Scott Cunningham
Adi Da
Ram Dass
Wayne Dyer
Werner Erhard
Marilyn Ferguson
Debbie Ford
Gandalf
Linda Goodman
Glenda Green
Alex Grey
Michael Harner
Esther Hicks
Barbara Marx Hubbard
David Icke
Timothy Leary
John Lilly
Max Freedom Long
Shirley MacLaine
Leon MacLaren
Terence McKenna
Corinne McLaughlin
Michael Mirdad
Leonard Orr
Jack Parsons
Daniel Quinn
James Redfield
Wilhelm Reich
Jane Roberts
Helena Roerich
Mark Satin
Helen Schucman
John Selby
Ravi Shankar
David Spangler
Joshua David Stone
Ingo Swann
Michael Talbot
William Thetford
Eckhart Tolle
Neale Donald Walsch
Ken Wilber
Stuart Wilde
Marianne Williamson
Robert Anton Wilson
Oprah Winfrey
Fred Alan Wolf
Roger Woolger
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi





Other
influences



Advaita Vedanta
Animism
Anthroposophy
Ariosophy
Ascended Master Teachings
Astrology
Beat Generation
Buddhism
Cannabis culture
Cognitive science
Conspiracy theories
Discordianism
Eight-circuit model of consciousness
Entheogens
Esoteric Christianity
Esotericism
Freemasonry
Fringe science
Gay liberation
Gnosticism
Hermeticism
Hinduism
Hippie subculture
Human Potential Movement
Huna
Integral theory
Kabbalah
Leather subculture
Metaphysics
Neuro-linguistic programming
New Thought
Nonviolence
Occultism
Paganism

Neo-Druidism
Wicca


Postmodernism
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudoscience
Psychedelic music
Quantum mechanics
Rastafari movement
Rosicrucianism
School of Economic Science
Science fiction
Seth Material
Shamanism
Shinto
Spiritism
Spiritualism
Spirituality
Sufism
Taoism
Thelema
Theosophy
Traditionalist School
Transhumanism
Transpersonal psychology
Zen












v
t
e


Pseudoscience



Terminology



Cargo cult science
Charlatan
Crank
Fringe theory

Fringe science
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudohistory


Junk science
Paranormal
Pathological science
Quackery
Snake oil
Superseded scientific theories
True-believer syndrome
Voodoo science





Examples



2012 phenomenon
Acupuncture
Alchemy
Alternative medicine
Ancient astronauts
Anthroposophic medicine
Applied kinesiology
Astrology
Bates method
Biodynamic agriculture
Bloodletting
Body memory
Catastrophism
Chiropractic
Chromotherapy
Conspiracy theory

9/11 conspiracy theories
Chemtrail conspiracy theory
Climate change denial
Moon landing conspiracy theories


Conversion therapy
Creation science
Crystal healing
Cryptozoology
Detoxification

Colon cleansing


Dianetics
Dowsing
Ear candling
Electromagnetic hypersensitivity
Electronic Voice Phenomenon
Feng shui
Flat Earth Theory
Germ theory denialism
Graphology
HIV/AIDS denialism
Hollow Earth theory
Homeopathy
Humorism
Indigo children
Intelligent design
Japhetic theory
Levitation
Lunar effect
Lysenkoism
Magnet therapy
Mediumship
Naturopathy
Nazi archaeology
Nibiru cataclysm
Numerology
Perpetual motion
Orgone
Phrenology
Polygraph
Primal therapy
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudohistory

Genocide denial
Historical negationism
Holocaust denial


Pseudoscientific metrology
Psychohistory
Quantum mysticism
Recovered-memory therapy
Reiki
Scientific racism

Aryan race
Melanin theory


Trepanning
Ufology
Voice stress analysis





Related topics



Bourgeois pseudoscience
Suppressed research in the Soviet Union





Resources



Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
Cults of Unreason
Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience
Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science
Quackwatch
JREF
The Psychology of the Occult
The Ragged Edge of Science
The Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience
Skeptical Inquirer
The Skeptic's Dictionary






List of topics characterized as pseudoscience










v
t
e


Transcendental Meditation



Programs



History of Transcendental Meditation
Maharishi Peace Palace
Maharishi Vastu Architecture
Maharishi Vedic Approach to Health
Transcendental Meditation in education
Transcendental Meditation technique





Organizations



David Lynch Foundation (US)
Global Country of World Peace
Maharishi Heaven on Earth Development
Natural Law Party
Natural Law Party of Canada
Natural Law Party (United States)
Transcendental Meditation movement





Education



Maharishi Institute of Management (IN)
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi Vedic University (IN)
Maharishi School (UK)
Maharishi School of the Age of Enlightenment (US)
Maharishi University of Management and Technology (IN)
Maharishi University of Management (US)
Maharishi Vidya Mandir Schools (IN)





People



Ashley Deans
Bevan Morris
Brahmananda Saraswati
David Lynch
David Orme-Johnson
Deepak Chopra
John Hagelin
Nancy Cooke de Herrera
List of people who have learned Transcendental Meditation
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
Nancy Lonsdorf
Prudence Farrow
Tony Nader
The Beatles in India





Places



Fairfield, Iowa (US)
Golden Domes (US)
Hararit (IL)
Kolleg St. Ludwig (NL)
Maharishi Vedic City, Iowa (US)





Media



Catching the Big Fish
David Wants to Fly
KSCI
TM and Cult Mania
Transcendence: Healing and Transformation Through Transcendental Meditation








Find out more on Wikipedia's
Sister projects


Media
from Commons
Quotations
from Wikiquote
Data
from Wikidata







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 34491177
LCCN: n86130779
ISNI: 0000 0001 1556 5934
GND: 115460624
SUDOC: 029724503
BNF: cb12128712w (data)
MusicBrainz: bc1fbace-7ef8-48d6-a413-65ab9a227bdc
BNE: XX1049304










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Deepak_Chopra&oldid=791414599"					
Categories: 1946 birthsAll India Institute of Medical Sciences alumniAmerican male writers of Indian descentAmerican spiritual writersAyurvedacharyasCelebrity doctorsIndian emigrants to the United States20th-century Indian medical doctorsIndian motivational speakersIndian self-help writersIndian spiritual writersLiving peopleNautilus Book Award winnersNew Age spiritual leadersNew Age writersPeople from New DelhiPeople in alternative medicineQuantum mysticismRecipients of the Medal of the Presidency of the Italian RepublicSelf-published authorsSt. Columba's School, Delhi alumniThe Huffington Post writers and columnistsTranscendental Meditation practitionersSiddha medicineHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Wikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from October 2016Use American English from April 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishBiography template using pronunciationArticles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Articles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2006Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2013Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2005Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2015Pages using refbegin with normalfont parameterWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersUse American English from March 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةتۆرکجهБългарскиCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीItalianoעבריתKapampanganമലയാളംमराठीNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeاردو 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 03:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Deepak Chopra - Wikipedia






















 







Deepak Chopra

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 20 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Deepak Chopra (disambiguation).


Deepak Chopra



Chopra in 2006



Pronunciation
/ˈdiːpɑːk ˈtʃoʊprə/ Hindustani: [d̪iːpək tʃoːpraː]


Born
(1946-10-22) October 22, 1946 (age 70)[1]
New Delhi, British India


Nationality
American[2]


Alma mater
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi


Occupation
Alternative medicine advocate, public speaker, writer


Spouse(s)
Rita Chopra


Children
Mallika Chopra and Gotham Chopra


Parent(s)
Krishan Chopra, Pushpa Chopra


Relatives
Sanjiv Chopra (brother)


Website
Official website


Deepak Chopra (born October 22, 1946) is an American author, public speaker, alternative medicine advocate, and a prominent figure in the New Age movement.[3][4][5] Through his books and videos, he has become one of the best-known and wealthiest figures in alternative medicine.[6]
Chopra studied medicine in India before emigrating to the United States in 1970 where he completed residencies in internal medicine and endocrinology. As a licensed physician, he became chief of staff at the New England Memorial Hospital (NEMH) in 1980.[7] He met Maharishi Mahesh Yogi in 1985 and became involved with the Transcendental Meditation movement (TM). He resigned his position at NEMH shortly thereafter to establish the Maharishi Ayurveda Health Center.[8] Chopra gained a following in 1993 after his interview on The Oprah Winfrey Show regarding his books.[9] He then left the TM movement to become the executive director of Sharp HealthCare's Center for Mind-Body Medicine and in 1996 he co-founded the Chopra Center for Wellbeing.[7][8][10]
Chopra believes that a person may attain "perfect health", a condition "that is free from disease, that never feels pain", and "that cannot age or die".[11][12] Seeing the human body as being undergirded by a "quantum mechanical body" composed not of matter but of energy and information, he believes that "human aging is fluid and changeable; it can speed up, slow down, stop for a time, and even reverse itself," as determined by one's state of mind.[11][13] He claims that his practices can also treat chronic disease.[14][15] As of 2014[update], Deepak Chopra lived in a "health-centric" condominium in Manhattan.[16]
The ideas Chopra promotes have been regularly criticized by medical and scientific professionals as pseudoscience.[17][18][19][20] This criticism has been described as ranging "from dismissive [to] damning".[17] For example, Robert Carroll states Chopra attempts to integrate Ayurveda with quantum mechanics to justify his teachings.[21] Chopra argues that what he calls "quantum healing" cures any manner of ailments, including cancer, through effects that he claims are literally based on the same principles as quantum mechanics.[15] This has led physicists to object to his use of the term quantum in reference to medical conditions and the human body.[15] His treatments benefit from the placebo response,[6] and some argue that his claims for the effectiveness of alternative medicine can lure sick people away from medical treatments.[17] He is placed by David Gorski among the "quacks", "cranks" and "purveyors of woo", and described as "arrogantly obstinate".[22] Richard Dawkins publicly exposed Chopra, accusing him of using "quantum jargon as plausible-sounding hocus pocus".[citation needed]



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life and education
1.2 East Coast years
1.3 West Coast years
1.4 Alternative medicine business
1.5 Teaching and other roles


2 Ideas and reception

2.1 Consciousness
2.2 Approach to health care
2.3 Alternative medicine
2.4 Aging
2.5 Spirituality and religion
2.6 Position on skepticism
2.7 Use of scientific terminology
2.8 Yoga


3 Legal actions
4 Select bibliography
5 See also
6 References
7 Further reading
8 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life and education[edit]
Chopra was born in New Delhi, India,[23] to Krishan Lal Chopra (1919–2001) and Pushpa Chopra.[24]
His paternal grandfather was a sergeant in the British Indian Army. His father was a prominent cardiologist, head of the department of medicine and cardiology at New Delhi's Moolchand Khairati Ram Hospital for over 25 years; he was also a lieutenant in the British army, serving as an army doctor at the front at Burma and acting as a medical adviser to Lord Mountbatten, viceroy of India.[25] As of 2014[update] Chopra's younger brother, Sanjiv Chopra, is a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School and on staff at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.[26]
Chopra completed his primary education at St. Columba's School in New Delhi and graduated from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in 1969.[citation needed][27] He spent his first months as a doctor working in rural India, including, he writes, six months in a village where the lights went out whenever it rained.[28] It was during his early career that he was drawn to study endocrinology, particularly neuroendocrinology, to find a biological basis for the influence of thoughts and emotions.[29]
He married in India in 1970 before emigrating with his wife that year to the United States.[9] The Indian government had banned its doctors from sitting the American Medical Association exam needed to practice in the USA, so Chopra had to travel to Sri Lanka to take it. After passing he arrived in the United States to take up a clinical internship at Muhlenberg Hospital in Plainfield, New Jersey, where doctors from overseas were being recruited to replace those serving in Vietnam.[30]
Between 1971 and 1977 he completed residencies in internal medicine at the Lahey Clinic in Burlington, Massachusetts, the VA Medical Center, St Elizabeth's Medical Center and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston.[31] He earned his license to practice medicine in the state of Massachusetts in 1973, becoming board certified in internal medicine, specializing in endocrinology.[32]
East Coast years[edit]
Chopra taught at the medical schools of Tufts University, Boston University and Harvard University,[33][34][35] and became Chief of Staff at the New England Memorial Hospital (NEMH) (later known as the Boston Regional Medical Center) in Stoneham, Massachusetts, before establishing a private practice in Boston in endocrinology.[36]




Maharishi Mahesh Yogi was an influence on Chopra in the 1980s


While visiting New Delhi in 1981, he met the physician Brihaspati Dev Triguna, head of the Indian Council for Ayurvedic Medicine, whose advice prompted him to begin investigating Ayurvedic practices.[37] Chopra was "drinking black coffee by the hour and smoking at least a pack of cigarettes a day".[38] He took up Transcendental Meditation to help him stop; as of 2006[update] he continued to meditate for two hours every morning and half an hour in the evening.[39]
Chopra's involvement with TM led to a meeting, in 1985, with the leader of the TM movement, Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, who asked him to establish an Ayurvedic health center.[8][40] He left his position at the NEMH. Chopra said that one of the reasons he left was his disenchantment at having to prescribe too many drugs: "[W]hen all you do is prescribe medication, you start to feel like a legalized drug pusher. That doesn't mean that all prescriptions are useless, but it is true that 80 percent of all drugs prescribed today are of optional or marginal benefit."[41]
He became the founding president of the American Association of Ayurvedic Medicine, one of the founders of Maharishi Ayur-Veda Products International, and medical director of the Maharishi Ayur-Veda Health Center in Lancaster, Massachusetts. The center charged between $2,850 and $3,950 a week for Ayurvedic cleansing rituals such as massages, enemas and oil baths; TM lessons cost an additional $1,000. Celebrity patients included Elizabeth Taylor.[42] Chopra also became one of the TM movement's spokespersons. In 1989 the Maharishi awarded him the title "Dhanvantari of Heaven and Earth" (Dhanvantari is the Hindu physician to the gods).[43] That year Chopra's Quantum Healing: Exploring the Frontiers of Mind/Body Medicine was published, followed by Perfect Health: The Complete Mind/Body Guide (1990).[7]
West Coast years[edit]
In June 1993 he moved to California as executive director of Sharp HealthCare's Institute for Human Potential and Mind/Body Medicine, and head of their Center for Mind/Body Medicine, a clinic in an exclusive resort in Del Mar, California that charged $4,000 a week and included Michael Jackson's family among its clients.[44] Chopra and Jackson first met in 1988 and remained friends for 20 years. When Jackson died in 2009 after being administered prescription drugs, Chopra said he hoped it would be a call to action against the "cult of drug-pushing doctors, with their co-dependent relationships with addicted celebrities".[45][46]
Chopra left the Transcendental Meditation movement around the time he moved to California in January 1993.[47] By his own account, the Maharishi had accused him of competing for the Maharishi's position as guru,[48] although Chopra rejects identification as a "guru".[49] According to Robert Todd Carroll, Chopra left the TM organization when it "became too stressful" and was a "hindrance to his success".[50] Cynthia Ann Humes writes that the Maharishi was concerned, and not only with regard to Chopra, that rival systems were being taught at lower prices.[51] Chopra, for his part, was worried that his close association with the TM movement might prevent Ayurvedic medicine from being accepted as legitimate, particularly after the problems with the JAMA article.[52] He also stated that he had become uncomfortable with what seemed like a "cultish atmosphere around Maharishi".[53]
In 1995 Chopra was not licensed to practice medicine in California where he had a clinic; however, he did not see patients at this clinic "as a doctor" during this time.[54] In 2004 he received his California medical licence, and as of 2014[update] is affiliated with Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla, California.[55][56][57] Chopra is the owner and supervisor of the Mind-Body Medical Group within the Chopra Center, which in addition to standard medical treatment offers personalized advice about nutrition, sleep-wake cycles and stress management, based on mainstream medicine and Ayurveda.[58] He is a fellow of the American College of Physicians and member of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists.[59]
The couple had two adult children and three grandchildren as of 2013[update].[5] As of 2014[update], Deepak Chopra lived in a "health-centric" condominium in Manhattan.[16]
Alternative medicine business[edit]
Chopra's Ageless Body, Timeless Mind: The Quantum Alternative to Growing Old was published in 1993.[7] The book and his friendship with Michael Jackson gained him an interview on July 12 that year on Oprah, which made him a household name. Paul Offit writes that within 24 hours Chopra had sold 137,000 copies of his book and 400,000 by the end of the week.[60] Four days after the interview, the Maharishi National Council of the Age of Enlightenment wrote to TM centers in the United States, instructing them not to promote Chopra, and his name and books were removed from the movement's literature and health centers.[61] Neuroscientist Tony Nader became the movement's new "Dhanvantari of Heaven and Earth".[62]
Sharp HealthCare changed ownership in 1996 and Chopra left to set up the Chopra Center for Wellbeing with neurologist David Simon, now located at the Omni La Costa Resort and Spa in Carlsbad, California.[63] In his 2013 book Do You Believe in Magic?, Paul Offit writes that Chopra's business grosses approximately $20 million annually, and is built on the sale of various alternative medicine products such as herbal supplements, massage oils, books, videos and courses. A year's worth of products for "anti-ageing" can cost up to $10,000, Offit wrote.[64] Chopra himself is estimated to be worth over $80 million as of 2014[update].[65] As of 2005[update], according to Srinivas Aravamudan, he was able to charge $25,000 to $30,000 per lecture five or six times a month.[66] Medical anthropologist Hans Baer said Chopra was an example of a successful entrepreneur, but that he focused too much on serving the upper-class through an alternative to medical hegemony, rather than a truly holistic approach to health.[11]
Teaching and other roles[edit]
Chopra serves as an adjunct professor in the marketing division at Columbia Business School.[67] He serves as adjunct professor of executive programs at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.[68] He participates annually as a lecturer at the Update in Internal Medicine event sponsored by Harvard Medical School and the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.[69] Robert Carroll writes of Chopra charging $25,000 per lecture, "giving spiritual advice while warning against the ill effects of materialism".[70]
In 2015, Chopra partnered with businessman Paul Tudor Jones II to found JUST Capital, a non-profit which ranks companies in terms of just business practices in an effort to promote economic justice.[71][72] In 2014 Chopra founded ISHAR (Integrative Studies Historical Archive and Repository).[73] In 2012, Chopra joined the board of advisors for tech startup State.com, creating a browsable network of structured opinions.[74] In 2009 Chopra founded the Chopra Foundation, a tax-exempt 501(c) organization that raises funds to promote and research alternative health.[75] The Foundation sponsors annual Sages and Scientists conferences.[76] He sits on the board of advisors of the National Ayurvedic Medical Association.[77] Chopra founded the American Association for Ayurvedic Medicine (AAAM) and Maharishi AyurVeda Products International, though he later distanced himself from these organizations.[78] In 2005 Chopra was appointed as a senior scientist at The Gallup Organization.[79] Since 2004 he has been a board member of Men's Wearhouse, a men's clothing distributor.[80] In 2006 he launched Virgin Comics with his son Gotham Chopra and entrepreneur Richard Branson.[81] In 2016 Chopra was promoted from assistant professor to full professor at the University of California, San Diego in their Department of Family Medicine.[82]
Ideas and reception[edit]
Chopra believes that a person may attain "perfect health", a condition "that is free from disease, that never feels pain", and "that cannot age or die".[11][12] Seeing the human body as being undergirded by a "quantum mechanical body" comprised not of matter but of energy and information, he believes that "human aging is fluid and changeable; it can speed up, slow down, stop for a time, and even reverse itself," as determined by one's state of mind.[11][13] He claims that his practices can also treat chronic disease.[14][15]
Consciousness[edit]
Chopra speaks and writes regularly about metaphysics, including the study of consciousness and Vedanta philosophy. He is a philosophical idealist, arguing for the primacy of consciousness over matter and for teleology and intelligence in nature – that mind, or "dynamically active consciousness", is a fundamental feature of the universe.[83]
In this view, consciousness is both subject and object.[84] It is consciousness, he writes, that creates reality; we are not "physical machines that have somehow learned to think...[but] thoughts that have learned to create a physical machine".[85] He argues that the evolution of species is the evolution of consciousness seeking to express itself as multiple observers; the universe experiences itself through our brains: "We are the eyes of the universe looking at itself".[86] He has been quoted as saying "Charles Darwin was wrong. Consciousness is key to evolution and we will soon prove that."[87] He opposes reductionist thinking in science and medicine, arguing that we can trace the physical structure of the body down to the molecular level and still have no explanation for beliefs, desires, memory and creativity.[88] In his book Quantum Healing, Chopra stated the conclusion that quantum entanglement links everything in the Universe, and therefore it must create consciousness.[89]
Approach to health care [edit]




Deepak Chopra at the Clinton "Health Matters" Conference in La Quinta, California, January 14, 2013


Chopra argues that everything that happens in the mind and brain is physically represented elsewhere in the body, with mental states (thoughts, feelings, perceptions and memories) directly influencing physiology by means of neurotransmitters such as dopamine, oxytocin and serotonin. He has stated, "Your mind, your body and your consciousness – which is your spirit – and your social interactions, your personal relationships, your environment, how you deal with the environment, and your biology are all inextricably woven into a single process … By influencing one, you influence everything."[90]
Chopra and physicians at the Chopra Center practise integrative medicine, combining the medical model of conventional Western medicine with alternative therapies such as yoga, mindfulness meditation, and Ayurveda.[91][92] According to Ayurveda, illness is caused by an imbalance in the patient's doshas or humours, and is treated with diet, exercise and meditative practices[93] – based on the medical evidence there is, however, nothing in Ayurvedic medicine that is known to be effective at treating disease, and some preparations may be actively harmful, although meditation may be useful in promoting general wellbeing.[94]
In discussing health care, Chopra has used the term "quantum healing", which he defined in Quantum Healing (1989) as the "ability of one mode of consciousness (the mind) to spontaneously correct the mistakes in another mode of consciousness (the body)".[95] This attempted to wed the Maharishi's version of Ayurvedic medicine with concepts from physics, an example of what cultural historian Kenneth Zysk called "New Age Ayurveda".[96] The book introduced Chopra's view that a person's thoughts and feelings give rise to all cellular processes.[97]
Chopra coined the term quantum healing to invoke the idea of a process whereby a person's health "imbalance" is corrected by quantum mechanical means. Chopra said that quantum phenomena are responsible for health and wellbeing. He has attempted to integrate Ayurveda, a traditional Indian system of medicine, with quantum mechanics, in order to justify his teachings. According to Robert Carroll, he "charges $25,000 per lecture performance, where he spouts a few platitudes and gives spiritual advice while warning against the ill effects of materialism".[21]
Chopra has equated spontaneous remission in cancer to a change in quantum state, corresponding to a jump to "a new level of consciousness that prohibits the existence of cancer". Physics professor Robert L. Park has written that physicists "wince" at the "New Age quackery" in Chopra's cancer theories, and characterizes them as a cruel fiction, since adopting them in place of effective treatment risks compounding the ill effects of the disease with guilt, and might rule out the prospect of getting a genuine cure.[15]
Chopra's claims of quantum healing have attracted controversy due to what has been described as a "systematic misinterpretation" of modern physics.[98] Chopra's connections between quantum mechanics and alternative medicine are widely regarded in the scientific community as being invalid. The main criticism revolves around the fact that macroscopic objects are too large to exhibit inherently quantum properties like interference and wave function collapse. Most literature on quantum healing is almost entirely theosophical, omitting the rigorous mathematics that makes quantum electrodynamics possible.[99]
Physicists have objected to Chopra's use of terms from quantum physics; he was awarded the satirical Ig Nobel Prize in physics in 1998 for "his unique interpretation of quantum physics as it applies to life, liberty, and the pursuit of economic happiness".[100] When Chopra and Jean Houston debated Sam Harris and Michael Shermer in 2010 on the question "Does God Have a Future?", Harris argued that Chopra's use of "spooky physics" merged two language games in a "completely unprincipled way".[18] Interviewed in 2007 by Richard Dawkins, Chopra said that he used the term quantum as a metaphor when discussing healing and that it had little to do with quantum theory in physics.[101]
Chopra wrote in 2000 that his AIDS patients were combining mainstream medicine with activities based on Ayurveda, including taking herbs, meditation and yoga.[102] He acknowledges that AIDS is caused by the HIV virus, but says that, "'[h]earing' the virus in its vicinity, the DNA mistakes it for a friendly or compatible sound". Ayurveda uses vibrations which are said to correct this supposed sound distortion.[103] Medical professor Lawrence Schneiderman writes that Chopra's treatment has "to put it mildly...no supporting empirical data".[104]
In 2001, ABC News aired a show segment on the topic of distance healing and prayer.[105] In it Chopra said that "there is a realm of reality that goes beyond the physical where in fact we can influence each other from a distance".[105] Chopra was shown using his claimed mental powers in an attempt to relax a person in another room, whose vital signs were recorded in charts which were said to show a correspondence between Chopra's periods of concentration and the subject's periods of relaxation.[105] After the show, a poll of its viewers found that 90% of them believed in distance healing.[106] Health and science journalist Christopher Wanjek has criticized the experiment, saying that any correspondence evident from the charts would prove nothing, but that even so freezing the frame of the video showed the correspondences were not so close as claimed. Wanjek characterized the broadcast as "an instructive example of how bad medicine is presented as exciting news" which had "a dependence on unusual or sensational science results that others in the scientific community renounce as unsound".[105]
Alternative medicine[edit]
See also: Maharishi Vedic Approach to Health
Chopra has been described as "America's most prominent spokesman for Ayurveda".[78] His treatments benefit from the placebo response.[6] Chopra states "The placebo effect is real medicine, because it triggers the body's healing system."[107]
Chopra has metaphorically described the AIDS virus as emitting "a sound that lures the DNA to its destruction". The condition can be treated, according to Chopra, with "Ayurveda's primordial sound".[14] Taking issue with this view, medical professor Lawrence Schneiderman has said that ethical issues are raised when alternative medicine is not based on empirical evidence and that, "to put it mildly, Dr. Chopra proposes a treatment and prevention program for AIDS that has no supporting empirical data".[14]
He is placed by David Gorski among the "quacks", "cranks" and "purveyors of woo", and described as "arrogantly obstinate".[22] The New York Times in 2013 stated that Deepak Chopra is "the controversial New Age guru and booster of alternative medicine".[5] The Time magazine stated that he is "the poet-prophet of alternative medicine."[108] He has become one of the best-known and wealthiest figures in the holistic-health movement.[6] The Times argued that his publishers have used his medical degree on the covers of his books as a way to promote the books and buttress their claims.[54] In 1999 Time magazine included Chopra in its list of the 20th century's heroes and icons. The following year Mikhail Gorbachev referred to him as "one of the most lucid and inspired philosophers of our time". Cosmo Landesman wrote in 2005 that Chopra was "hardly a man now, more a lucrative new age brand – the David Beckham of personal/spiritual growth".[109] A 2008 Time magazine article by Ptolemy Tompkins commented that for most of his career Chopra had been a "magnet for criticism", and most of it was from the medical and scientific professionals.[17] Opinions ranged from the "dismissive" to the "outright damning".[17] Chopra's claims for the effectiveness of alternative medicine can, some have argued, lure sick people away from medical treatments.[17] Tompkins however considered Chopra a "beloved" individual whose basic messages centered on "love, health and happiness" had made him rich because of their popular appeal.[17] English professor George O'Har argues that Chopra exemplifies the need of human beings for meaning and spirit in their lives, and places what he calls Chopra's "sophistries" alongside the emotivism of Oprah Winfrey.[110] Paul Kurtz writes that Chopra's "regnant spirituality" is reinforced by postmodern criticism of the notion of objectivity in science, while Wendy Kaminer equates Chopra's views with irrational belief systems such as New Thought, Christian Science, and Scientology.[111]
Aging[edit]
Chopra believes that "ageing is simply learned behaviour" that can be slowed or prevented.[112] Chopra has said that he expects "to live way beyond 100".[113] He states that "by consciously using our awareness, we can influence the way we age biologically...You can tell your body not to age."[114] Conversely, Chopra also says that ageing can be accelerated, for example by a person engaging in "cynical mistrust".[115]
Robert Todd Carroll has characterized Chopra's promotion of lengthened life as a selling of "hope" that seems to be "a false hope based on an unscientific imagination steeped in mysticism and cheerily dispensed gibberish".[21]
Spirituality and religion[edit]
Chopra has likened the universe to a "reality sandwich" which has three layers: the "material" world, a "quantum" zone of matter and energy, and a "virtual" zone outside of time and space, which is the domain of God, and from which God can direct the other layers. Chopra has written that human beings' brains are "hardwired to know God" and that the functions of the human nervous system mirror divine experience.[116] Chopra has written that his thinking has been inspired by Jiddu Krishnamurti, a 20th-century speaker and writer on philosophical and spiritual subjects.[117]
In 2012, reviewing War of the Worldviews – a book co-authored by Chopra and Leonard Mlodinow – physics professor Mark Alford says that the work is set out as a debate between the two authors, "[covering] all the big questions: cosmology, life and evolution, the mind and brain, and God". Alford considers the two sides of the debate a false opposition, and says that "the counterpoint to Chopra's speculations is not science, with its complicated structure of facts, theories, and hypotheses," but rather Occam's razor.[118]
In August 2005, Chopra wrote a series of articles on the creation-evolution controversy and Intelligent design, which were criticized by science writer Michael Shermer, founder of The Skeptics Society.[119][120][121] In 2010, Shermer said that Chopra is "the very definition of what we mean by pseudoscience".[18]
Position on skepticism[edit]
Paul Kurtz, an American skeptic and secular humanist, has written that the popularity of Chopra's views is associated with increasing anti-scientific attitudes in society, and such popularity represents an assault on the objectivity of science itself by seeking new, alternative forms of validation for ideas. Kurtz says that medical claims must always be submitted to open-minded but proper scrutiny, and that skepticism "has its work cut out for it".[122]
In 2013, Chopra published an article on what he saw as "skepticism" at work in Wikipedia, arguing that a "stubborn band of militant skeptics" were editing articles to prevent what he believes would be a fair representation of the views of such figures as Rupert Sheldrake, an author, lecturer, and researcher in parapsychology. The result, Chopra argued, was that the encyclopedia's readers were denied the opportunity to read of attempts to "expand science beyond its conventional boundaries".[123] The biologist Jerry Coyne responded, saying that it was instead Chopra who was losing out as his views were being "exposed as a lot of scientifically-sounding psychobabble".[123]
More broadly, Chopra has attacked skepticism as a whole, writing in The Huffington Post that "No skeptic, to my knowledge, ever made a major scientific discovery or advanced the welfare of others."[124] Astronomer Phil Plait said this statement trembled "on the very edge of being a blatant and gross lie", listing Carl Sagan, Richard Feynman, Stephen Jay Gould, and Edward Jenner among the "thousands of scientists [who] are skeptics", who he said were counterexamples to Chopra's statement.[125]
Use of scientific terminology[edit]
See also: Quantum mysticism
Reviewing Susan Jacoby's book, The Age of American Unreason, Wendy Kaminer sees Chopra's popular reception in the USA as being symptomatic of many Americans' historical inability (as Jacoby puts it) "to distinguish between real scientists and those who peddled theories in the guise of science". Chopra's "nonsensical references to quantum physics" are placed in a lineage of American religious pseudoscience, extending back through Scientology to Christian Science.[19] Physics professor Chad Orzel has written that "to a physicist, Chopra's babble about 'energy fields' and 'congealing quantum soup' presents as utter gibberish", but that Chopra makes enough references to technical terminology to convince non-scientists that he understands physics.[126] English professor George O'Har writes that Chopra is as an exemplification of the fact that human beings need "magic" in their lives, and places "the sophistries of Chopra" alongside the emotivism of Oprah Winfrey, the special effects and logic of Star Trek, and the magic of Harry Potter.[127]
Chopra has been criticized for his frequent references to the relationship of quantum mechanics to healing processes, a connection that has drawn skepticism from physicists who say it can be considered as contributing to the general confusion in the popular press regarding quantum measurement, decoherence and the Heisenberg uncertainty principle.[128] In 1998, Chopra was awarded the satirical Ig Nobel Prize in physics for "his unique interpretation of quantum physics as it applies to life, liberty, and the pursuit of economic happiness".[129] When interviewed by ethologist and evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins in the Channel 4 (UK) documentary The Enemies of Reason, Chopra said that he used the term "quantum physics" as "a metaphor" and that it had little to do with quantum theory in physics.[130] In March 2010, Chopra and Jean Houston debated Sam Harris and Michael Shermer at the California Institute of Technology on the question "Does God Have a Future?" Shermer and Harris criticized Chopra's use of scientific terminology to expound unrelated spiritual concepts.[18]
A 2015 paper examining "the reception and detection of pseudo-profound bullshit" used Chopra's Twitter feed as the canonical example, and compared this with fake Chopra quotes generated by a spoof website.[20][131][132]
Yoga[edit]
In April 2010 Aseem Shukla, co-founder of the Hindu American Foundation, criticized Chopra for suggesting that yoga did not have its origins in Hinduism but in an older Indian spiritual tradition.[133] Chopra later said that yoga was rooted in "consciousness alone" expounded by Vedic rishis long before historic Hinduism ever arose. He accused Shukla of having a "fundamentalist agenda". Shukla responded by saying Chopra was an exponent of the art of "How to Deconstruct, Repackage and Sell Hindu Philosophy Without Calling it Hindu!", and he said Chopra's mentioning of fundamentalism was an attempt to divert the debate.[134][135]
Legal actions[edit]
In May 1991, the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) published an article by Chopra and two others on Ayurvedic medicine and TM.[136] JAMA subsequently published an erratum stating that the lead author, Hari M. Sharma, had undisclosed financial interests, followed by an article by JAMA associate editor Andrew A. Skolnick which was highly critical of Chopra and the other authors for failing to disclose their financial connections to the article subject.[137] Several experts on meditation and traditional Indian medicine criticized JAMA for accepting the "shoddy science" of the original article.[138] Chopra and two TM groups sued Skolnick and JAMA for defamation, asking for $194 million in damages, but the case was dismissed in March 1993.[139]
Chopra was sued for copyright infringement by Robert Sapolsky, for using a chart displaying information on the endocrinology of stress without proper attribution, after the publication of Chopra's book Ageless Body, Timeless Mind.[140] "An out-of-court settlement" resulted in Chopra correctly attributing material that was researched by Sapolsky.[141]
Select bibliography[edit]
As of 2015[update], Chopra has written 80 books, 21 of them New York Times bestsellers, which have been translated into 43 languages.[142] His book The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success was on The New York Times Best Seller list[143] for 72 weeks.[144]
Books


(1987) Creating Health. New York: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 0-395-42953-6. 
(1989) Quantum Healing. New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-553-05368-X. 
(1991) Perfect Health. New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-553-81367-6. 
(1991) Return of the Rishi: A Doctor's Story of Spiritual Transformation and Ayurvedic Healing. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 978-0-395-57420-1. 
(1993) Ageless Body Timeless Mind. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-517-59257-6. 
(1994) The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success. San Rafael: Amber Allen Publishing and New World Library. ISBN 1-878424-11-4. 
(1995) The Return of Merlin. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-517-59849-3. 
(1995) The Way of the Wizard. New York: Random House. ISBN 0-517-70434-X. 
(1996) The Path to Love. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-517-70622-0. 
(2000) with David Simon, The Chopra Center Herbal Handbook. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-609-80390-5. 
(2004) The Book of Secrets. New York: Harmony. ISBN 0-517-70624-5. 
(2008) The Soul of Leadership. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-40806-X. 
(2008) The Third Jesus. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-33831-2. 
(2009) Reinventing the Body, Resurrecting the Soul. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-307-45233-7. 
(2011) with Leonard Mlodinow, War of the Worldviews. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-307-88688-0. 
(2011) with Gotham Chopra, The Seven Spiritual Laws of Superheroes: Harnessing Our Power to Change the World. HarperOne. ISBN 978-0-06-205966-6. 
(2012) God: A Story of Revelation. New York: HarperOne. ISBN 978-0-06-202069-7. 
(2012) with Rudolph E. Tanzi, Super Brain. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-95682-2. 
(2013) with Sanjiv Chopra, Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. New York: New Harvest. ISBN 978-0-544-03210-1. 
(2013) What Are You Hungry For?. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-7704-3721-4. 
(2015) with Rudolph Tanzi, Super Genes. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-8041-4013-8. :





See also[edit]


India portal
Biography portal
Health and fitness portal
Psychology portal



Celebrity doctor
Hard problem of consciousness
Indian Americans
Indians in the New York City metropolitan region
List of people in alternative medicine
Panpsychism
Spiritual naturalism

References[edit]


^ Deepak Chopra; Sanjiv Chopra (2013). Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. pp. 5–. ISBN 0-544-03210-1. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Jeffrey Brown (May 13, 2013). "Chopra Brothers Tell Story of How They Became Americans and Doctors in Memoir". PBS News Hour. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Deepak Chopra; Sanjiv Chopra (2013). Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. p. 194. ISBN 0-544-03210-1. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
Boye Lafayette De Mente (January 1, 1976). Cultural Failures That Are Destroying the American Dream! – The Destructive Influence of Male Dominance & Religious Dogma!. Cultural-Insight Books. p. 42. ISBN 978-0-914778-17-2. 
^ Alter, Charlotte (November 26, 2014). "Deepak Chopra on Why Gratitude is Good For You". Time. Retrieved December 16, 2014. 
^ "Deepak Chopra". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Chopra 1991, pp. 54–57; Joanne Kaufman, "Deepak Chopra – An 'Inner Stillness,' Even on the Subway," The New York Times, October 17, 2013.
^ a b c d John Gamel, "Hokum on the Rise: The 70-Percent Solution", The Antioch Review, 66(1), 2008, p. 130.
^ a b c d Perry, Tony (September 7, 1997). "So Rich, So Restless". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved November 10, 2013. 
^ a b c Baer 2003, p. 237.
^ a b Dunkel, Tom (2005). "Inner Peacekeeper". The Baltimore Sun. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ David Steele (September 11, 2012). The Million Dollar Private Practice: Using Your Expertise to Build a Business That Makes a Difference. John Wiley & Sons. pp. 26–. ISBN 978-1-118-22081-8. 
^ a b c d e Baer, HA (June 2003). "The work of Andrew Weil and Deepak Chopra—two holistic health/New Age gurus: a critique of the holistic health/New Age movements.". Medical anthropology quarterly. 17 (2): 240–241. JSTOR 3655336. PMID 12846118. doi:10.1525/maq.2003.17.2.233. 
^ a b Chopra, Deepak (December 2007). Perfect Health—Revised and Updated: The Complete Mind Body Guide. New York, NY: Three Rivers Press. p. 7. 
^ a b Chopra, Deepak (1997). Ageless Body, Timeless Mind: The Quantum Alternative to Growing Old. Random House. p. 6. 
^ a b c d Schneiderman, LJ (2003). "The (alternative) medicalization of life". Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics. 31 (2): 191–7. PMID 12964263. doi:10.1111/j.1748-720X.2003.tb00080.x. 
^ a b c d e Park, Robert L (September 1, 2005). "Chapter 9: Voodoo medicine in a scientific world". In Ashman, Keith; Barringer, Phillip. After the Science Wars: Science and the Study of Science. Routledge. pp. 137–. ISBN 978-1-134-61618-3. 
^ a b Zoe Rosenberg (February 26, 2014). "Deepak Chopra Drops $14.5M on Health-Centric Delos Condo". Vox Media. Retrieved December 25, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g Tompkins, Ptolemy (November 14, 2008). "New Age Supersage". Time. Archived from the original on April 12, 2009. Ever since his early days as an advocate of alternative healing and nutrition, Chopra has been a magnet for criticism—most of it from the medical and scientific communities. Accusations have ranged from the dismissive—Chopra is just another huckster purveying watered-down Eastern wisdom mixed with pseudo science and pop psychology—to the outright damning. 
^ a b c d "Face-Off: Does God Have a Future". Nightline. Season 30. Episode 58. Transcript from the Internet Archive. March 23, 2010. ABC. Retrieved July 9, 2010. 
^ a b Kaminer, Wendy (2008). "The Corrosion of the American Mind (reviewing The Age of American Unreason by Susan Jacoby)". The Wilson Quarterly. 32 (2): 92. JSTOR 40262377. Then came Scientology, the "science" of positive thinking, and, more recently, New Age healer Deepak Chopra's nonsensical references to quantum physics 
^ a b "Scientists find a link between low intelligence and acceptance of 'pseudo-profound bulls***'". The Independent. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ a b c Carroll, Robert Todd (May 19, 2013), "Deepak Chopra", The Skeptic's Dictionary 
^ a b David Gorski. "Deepak Chopra tries his hand at a clinical trial. Woo ensues". Retrieved 20 December 2016. 
^ Chamberlain, Adrian (October 10, 2015). "Backstage: A lesson in concentration from Deepak Chopra". Times Colonist. 
^ Chopra and Chopra 2013, pp. 5, 161.
^ Chopra 2013, pp. 5–6, 11–13; Michael Schulder (May 24, 2013). "The Chopra Brothers". CNN. 
^ "Chopra, Sanjiv, MD" Archived December 20, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. Retrieved May 15, 2014.
^ The AIIMSonians alumni site notes he joined AIIMS in 1964. Retrieved August 25, 2015.
^ Deepak Chopra, Return of the Rishi, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 1991, p. 1.
^ Carl Lindgren (March 31, 2010). "International Dreamer – Deepak Chopra". Map Magazine's Street Editors. Archived from the original on July 16, 2011. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 57; Deepak Chopra, "Special Keynote with Dr. Deepak Chopra", November 2013, from 2:50 mins; Richard Knox, "Foreign doctors: a US dilemma", Boston Globe, June 30, 1974.
^ "Dr. Deepak K Chopra", U.S. News and World Report.
^ "Deepak K. Chopra, M.D.", Commonwealth of Massachusetts Board of Registration in Medicine; "Verify a Physician's Certification" Archived December 13, 2013, at the Wayback Machine., American Board of Internal Medicine.
^ Lambert, Craig A. (July 1989). "Quantum Healing: An Interview with Deepak Chopra, M.D.". Yoga Journal (87): 47–53. 
^ Young, Anna M. (2014). Prophets, Gurus, and Pundits: Rhetorical Styles and Public Engagement. SIU Press. pp. 59–68. ISBN 9780809332953. OCLC 871781118. 
^ Hill, Maria (2016). The Emerging Sensitive: A Guide for Finding Your Place in the World. BookBaby. ISBN 9781682224755. OCLC 953493840. 
^ "Toward an Integrative Medicine". google.se. p. 121. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 105ff.
^ Chopra 1991, p. 125.
^ Rosamund Burton (June 4, 2006). "Peace Seeker". Nova Magazine. Archived from the original on November 5, 2013. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 139ff
^ Nafeez Mosaddeq Ahmed, "The Crisis of Perception", Media Monitors Network, February 29, 2008.
^ Elise Pettus, "The Mind–Body Problems," New York, August 14, 1995, (pp. 28–31, 95), p. 30. Also see Deepak Chopra, "Letters: Deepak responds," New York Magazine, September 25, 1995, p. 16.
^ Cynthia Ann Humes, "Schisms within Hindu guru groups: the Transcendental Meditation movement in North America," in James R. Lewis, Sarah M. Lewis (eds.), Sacred Schisms: How Religions Divide, Cambridge University Press, 2009, p. 297. Also see Cynthia Ann Humes, "Maharishi Mahesh Yogi: Beyond the TM Technique," in Thomas A. Forsthoefel, Cynthia Ann Humes (eds.), Gurus in America, State University of New York Press, 2005, pp. 68–69.
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31.
^ Deepak Chopra, "A Tribute to My Friend, Michael Jackson".
^ The Huffington Post, June 26, 2009; Gerald Posner, "Deepak Chopra: How Michael Jackson Could Have Been Saved", The Daily Beast, July 2, 2009, p. 4.
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31; Baer 2004, p. 129.
^ Deepak Chopra, "The Maharishi Years – The Untold Story: Recollections of a Former Disciple", The Huffington Post, February 13, 2008.
^ Nilanjana Bhaduri Jha (June 22, 2004). "'Employee loyalty comes first, the rest will follow' – Economic Times". The Times of India. Retrieved June 4, 2014. 
^ Carroll, Robert Todd (January 11, 2011). The Skeptic's Dictionary: A Collection of Strange Beliefs, Amusing Deceptions, and Dangerous Delusions. John Wiley & Sons. p. 48. ISBN 978-1-118-04563-3. 
^ Humes 2005, p. 69; Humes 2009, pp. 299, 302.
^ Cynthia Ann Humes, "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Perfect Health through Enlightened Marketing in America," in Frederick M. Smith, Dagmar Wujastyk (eds.), Modern and Global Ayurveda: Pluralism and Paradigms, State University of New York Press, 2008, p. 324.
^ Hoffman, Claire (February 22, 2013). "David Lynch Is Back … as a Guru of Transcendental Meditation". The New York Times. 
^ a b LLC, New York Media, (August 14, 1995). New York Magazine. New York Media, LLC. pp. 95–. Retrieved December 16, 2014. 
^ "Chopra, Deepak", California Department of Consumer Affairs. Retrieved March 23, 2016.
^ "Dr. Deepak K Chopra", U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved March 23, 2016.
^ "Endocrinologists, Scripps La Jolla Hospitals and Clinics", U.S. News & World Report. Archived May 29, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Mind–Body Medical Group" Archived May 29, 2014, at the Wayback Machine., Chopra Center; Deepak Chopra, "The Mind–Body Medical Group at the Chopra Center", The Chopra Well, May 26, 2014.
^ "Deepak Chopra, M.D.", The Chopra Center.
^ Paul A. Offit, Do You Believe in Magic? The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative Medicine, HarperCollins, 2013, p. 39; "Full Transcript: Your Call with Dr Deepak Chopra", NDTV, January 23, 2012; also see Craig Bromberg, "Doc of Ages," People, November 15, 1993.
^ For the National Council's letter, Humes 2005, p. 68; Humes 2009, p. 297; for the rest, Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31.
^ Humes 2008, p. 326.
^ David Ogul (February 9, 2012). "David Simon, 61, mind-body medicine pioneer, opened Chopra Center for Wellbeing". U-T San Diego. p. 1. 
^ Offit, Paul (2013). Do You Believe in Magic? The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative Medicine. HarperCollins. pp. 245–246. ISBN 978-0-06-222296-1. 
^ Rowe 2014, Truly, madly, deeply Deepak Chopra.
^ Srinivas Aravamudan, Guru English: South Asian Religion in a Cosmopolitan Language, Princeton University Press, 2005, p. 257.
^ "Deepak Chopra | Columbia Business School Directory". Columbia Business School, Columbia University in the City of New York. Retrieved December 12, 2015. 
^ "Deepak Chopra – Faculty – Kellogg School of Management". Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. Retrieved March 18, 2016. 
^ "Update in Internal Medicine". updateinternalmedicine.com/faculty. updateinternalmedicine.com. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Robert Todd Carroll (2011). "Auyrvedic medicine". The Skeptic's Dictionary. John Wiley & Sons. p. 48. ISBN 978-1-118-04563-3. 
^ Stanley, Alessandra. "A Plan to Rank 'Just' Companies Aims to Close the Wealth Gap". The New York Times. Retrieved February 8, 2016. 
^ Field, Anne. "Impact Investing Experts Weigh in on Paul Tudor Jones' JUST Capital". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2016. 
^ Maureen Seaberg. "Let's Raise ISHAR!". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ "State.com/about". Retrieved September 9, 2013. 
^ Jane Kelly (October 9, 2013). "Chopra and Huffington to Hold a Public Meditation on the Lawn Oct. 15". UVAToday. 
^ Anne Cukier (January 22, 2014). "Sages and Scientists Symposium 2014". Zapaday. 
^ "NAMA's Board of Advisors".
^ a b Butler, J. Thomas (July 1, 2011). Consumer Health: Making Informed Decisions. Jones & Bartlett Publishers. pp. 117–. ISBN 978-1-4496-7543-1. 
^ "Gallup Senior Scientists". Gallup.com. Archived from the original on February 16, 2011. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Belton, Beth (June 25, 2013). "Men's Wearhouse fires back at George Zimmer". USA Today. Retrieved July 10, 2013. 
^ David Segal, "Deepak Chopra And a New Age Of Comic Books", The Washington Post, March 3, 2007.
^ Robbins, Gary (March 15, 2016). "UCSD deepens ties with Deepak Chopra". U-T San Diego. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "What Is Consciousness & Where Is It?", discussion with Rudolph Tanzi, Menas Kafatos and Lothar Schäfer, Science and Nonduality Conference, 2013, 08:12 mins.

Attila Grandpierre, Deepak Chopra, P. Murali Doraiswamy, Rudolph Tanzi, Menas C. Kafatos, "A Multidisciplinary Approach to Mind and Consciousness", NeuroQuantology, 11(4), December 2013 (pp. 607–617), p. 609.


^ Deepak Chopra, Stuart Hameroff, "The 'Quantum Soul': A Scientific Hypothesis," in Alexander Moreira-Almeida, Franklin Santana Santos (eds.), Exploring Frontiers of the Mind-Brain Relationship, Springer, 2011 (pp. 79–93), p. 85.
^ Chopra, Deepak (2009) [1989]. Quantum Healing: Exploring the Frontiers of Mind Body Medicine. Random House. pp. 71–72, 74. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "Dangerous Ideas: Deepak Chopra & Richard Dawkins",[dead link] University of Puebla, November 9, 2013, 26:23 mins.

Also see Deepak Chopra, Menas Kafatos, Rudolph E. Tanzi, "From Quanta to Qualia: The Mystery of Reality (Part 1)", "(Part 2)", "(Part 3)", "(Part 4)", The Huffington Post, October 8, 15, 29 and November 12, 2012.


^ "India Today Conclave 2015: Darwin was wrong, says Deepak Chopra". India Today. March 13, 2015. 
As quoted by Steve Newton (April 8, 2015). "Why Does Deepak Chopra Hate Me?". NCSE blog. 
As quoted by Valerie Strauss (May 20, 2015). "Deepak Chopra blasts scientist who criticized his view of evolution. The scientist fires back.". The Washington Post (blog). 
^ Deepak Chopra and Leonard Mlodinow, War of the Worldviews, Random House, 2011, p. 123.
^ O'Neill, Ian (May 26, 2011). "Does Quantum Theory Explain Consciousness?". Discovery News. Discovery Communications, LLC. Retrieved August 11, 2014. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "Deepak Chopra Meditation", courtesy of YouTube, December 10, 2012.
^ "Deepak Chopra and the Chopra Center". ReligionFacts.com. Retrieved July 22, 2014. 
^ "Oprah Winfrey & Deepak Chopra Launch All-New Meditation Experience 'Expanding Your Happiness'". Broadway World. Retrieved July 22, 2014. 
^ For imbalance, see Baer 2004, p. 128; for the rest, Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 222–224, 234ff.
^ "Ayurvedic medicine". Cancer Research UK. There is no scientific evidence to prove that Ayurvedic medicine can treat or cure cancer or any other disease. 
^ Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 15, 241; Deepak Chopra, "Healing wisdom", The Chopra Center, June 12, 2013.

That he uses the term "quantum healing" as a metaphor, see Richard Dawkins, "Interview with Chopra", The Enemies of Reason, Channel 4 (UK), 2007, 01:16 mins.


^ Suzanne Newcombe, "Ayurvedic Medicine in Britain and the Epistemology of Practicing Medicine in Good Faith," in Smith and Wujastyk 2008, pp. 263–264; Kenneth Zysk, "New Age Ayurveda or what happens to Indian medicine when it comes to America," Traditional South Asian Medicine, 6, 2001, pp. 10–26. Also see Francoise Jeannotat, "Maharishi Ayur-veda," in Smith and Wujastyk 2008, p. 285ff.
^ John W. Zamarra, "Quantum Healing: Exploring the frontiers of mind/body medicine", New England Journal of Medicine, 321, December 14, 1989.
^ Cox, Brian (February 20, 2012). "Why Quantum Theory Is So Misunderstood – Speakeasy – WSJ". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "'Magic' of Quantum Physics". Aske-skeptics.org.uk. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ Park 2000, p. 137; Victor J. Stenger (2007). "Quantum Quackery". Skeptical Inquirer. 27 (1): 37. ; "Winners of the Ig Nobel Prize". Improbable Research. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 

Brian Cox says that "for some scientists, the unfortunate distortion and misappropriation of scientific ideas that often accompanies their integration into popular culture is an unacceptable price to pay." See Brian Cox (February 20, 2012). "Why Quantum Theory Is So Misunderstood". The Wall Street Journal. 
The main criticism revolves around the fact that macroscopic objects are too large to exhibit inherently quantum properties like interference and wave function collapse. Most literature on quantum healing is almost entirely theosophical, omitting the rigorous mathematics that makes quantum electrodynamics possible. See Doug Bramwell. "'Magic' of Quantum Physics". Association for Skeptical Enquiry. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 


^ Richard Dawkins, "Interview with Chopra", The Enemies of Reason, Channel 4 (UK), 2007; Deepak Chopra, "Richard Dawkins Plays God: The Video (Updated)", The Huffington Post, June 19, 2013.
^ Dann Dulin, "The Medicine Man", interview with Deepak Chopra, A&U magazine, 2000.
^ Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 37, 237, 239–241.
^ Lawrence J. Schneiderman (2003). "The (Alternative) Medicalization of Life". Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics. 31 (2): 192. PMID 12964263. doi:10.1111/j.1748-720X.2003.tb00080.x. 
^ a b c d Wanjek, Christopher (2003). Bad Medicine: Misconceptions and Misuses Revealed, from Distance Healing to Vitamin O. Wiley Bad Science Series. John Wiley & Sons. pp. 224–. ISBN 978-0-471-46315-3. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Posner, Gary P (2001). "Hardly a Prayer on ABC's 20/20 Downtown". Skeptical Inquirer (November/December). 
^ Deepak, Deepak (October 17, 2012). "I Will Not Be Pleased – Your Health and the Nocebo Effect". San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ Dare, Stephen (March 15, 2016). "Stephen Dare Interviews Deepak Chopra". Metro Jacksonville. 
^ For Time, Peter Rowe, "Truly, madly, deeply Deepak Chopra," U-T San Diego, May 3, 2014, p. 1; for Clinton, Public Papers of the presidents of the United States: William J. Clinton, 2000–2001, January 1 to June 26, 2000, Government Printing Office, 2001, p. 508; for Gorbachev and the quote, Cosmo Landesman, "There's an easy way to save the world," The Sunday Times, May 8, 2005.
^ George M. O'Har (2000). "Magic in the Machine Age". Technology and Culture. 41 (4): 864. JSTOR 25147641. doi:10.1353/tech.2000.0174. 
^ Paul Kurtz, Skepticism and Humanism: The New Paradigm, Transaction Publishers, 2001, p. 110; Wendy Kaminer (2008). "The Corrosion of the American Mind". The Wilson Quarterly. 32 (2): 92. JSTOR 40262377. 
^ Henderson, Mark (February 7, 2004). "Junk medicine; The triumph of mumbo jumbo". The Times (Book review). p. 4. 
^ Francis Wheen (July 6, 2005). How Mumbo-Jumbo Conquered the World: A Short History of Modern Delusions. PublicAffairs. pp. 46–. ISBN 978-0-7867-2352-2. 
^ Stephen Barrett. "A Few Thoughts on Ayurvedic Mumbo-Jumbo". Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Moukheiber, Zina (1994). "Lord of immortality". Forbes (Book review). 153 (8): 132. 
^ Lois Malcolm (2003). "God as best seller: Deepak Chopra, Neal Walsch and New Age theology". The Christian Century. 120 (19): 31.  commenting on Deepak Chopra (2008). How To Know God. Ebury Publishing. ISBN 978-1-4090-2220-6. 
^ Blau, Evelyne (May 1995). Krishnamurti: 100 Years. Stewart, Tabori, & Chang. p. 233. ISBN 978-1-55670-407-9. 
^ Alford, Mark (2012). "Is science the antidote to Deepak Chopra's spirituality?". Skeptical Inquirer. 36 (3): 54. Archived from the original on November 5, 2012. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (August 23, 2005). "Intelligent Design Without the Bible". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Shermer, Michael (March 28, 2008). "Skyhooks and Cranes: Deepak Chopra, George W. Bush, and Intelligent Design". The Huffington Post. Retrieved November 30, 2008. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (August 24, 2005). "Rescuing Intelligent Design – But from Whom?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Paul Kurtz (2001). Skepticism and Humanism: The New Paradigm. Transaction Publishers. p. 110. ISBN 978-1-4128-3411-7. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ a b Coyne, Jerry A (November 8, 2013). "Pseudoscientist Rupert Sheldrake Is Not Being Persecuted, And Is Not Like Galileo". The New Republic. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (November 30, 2009). "The Perils of Skepticism". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Plait, Phil (December 1, 2009). "Deepak Chopra: redefining 'wrong'". Discover. 
^ Orzel, Chad (October 11, 2013). "Malcolm Gladwell Is Deepak Chopra". ScienceBlogs. Retrieved October 13, 2013. 
^ O'Har, George M (2000). "Magic in the Machine Age". Technology and Culture. 41 (4): 862–864. doi:10.1353/tech.2000.0174. 
^ Stenger, Victor J (1997). "Quantum Quackery". Skeptical Inquirer. 21 (1): 37-. 
^ "Winners of the Ig Nobel Prize". Improbable Research. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ "The Enemies of Reason". Channel 4. 
^ "Study Finds People Who Fall For Nonsense Inspirational Quotes Are Less Intelligent". The Huffington Post. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Pennycook, Gordon; et al. (November 2015). "On the reception and detection of pseudo-profound b......t". Judgment and Decision Making. Pennsylvania: Society for Judgment and Decision Making (SJDM) and the European Association for Decision Making (EADM). 10 (6): 549–563. Retrieved December 3, 2015. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "April 28, 2010". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "Dr. Chopra: Honor thy heritage". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "On Faith Panelists Blog: Hinduism and Sanatana Dharma: One and the same – Aseem Shukla". The Washington Post. Retrieved July 9, 2010. 
^ Hari M. Sharma; B. D. Triguna; Deepak Chopra (May 22, 1991). "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Modern insights into ancient medicine". Journal of the American Medical Association. 265 (20): 2633–4, 2637. PMID 1817464. doi:10.1001/jama.265.20.2633. 
^ "Financial Disclosure". JAMA. 266 (6): 798. August 14, 1991. doi:10.1001/jama.1991.03470060060025. ; Andrew A. Skolnick (October 2, 1991). "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Guru's marketing scheme promises the world eternal 'perfect health'". JAMA. 266 (13): 1741–1750. PMID 1817475. doi:10.1001/jama.1991.03470130017003. .

Also see Andrew A. Skolnick (Fall 1991). "The Maharhish Caper: Or How to Hoodwink Top Medical Journals". ScienceWriters. 


^ Robert Barnett; Cathy Sears (October 11, 1991). "JAMA gets into an Indian herbal jam". Science. 254 (5029): 188–189. JSTOR 2885745. PMID 1925571. doi:10.1126/science.1925571. 
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31; "Deepak's Days in Court". The New York Times. August 18, 1996. 
^ Kazak, Don (March 5, 1997). "matDon Kazak, "Book Talk", Time (March 5, 1997)". paloaltoonline.com. Retrieved August 1, 2012. 
^ TNN (April 15, 2001). "The Times of India, Halyeema Sayed, The Mind-Body, April 15, 2001". The Times of India. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Harper Collins author bio.
^ Presley Noble, Barbara (April 2, 1995). "SPENDING IT: OFF THE SHELF; Habits of Highly Effective Authors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 
^ McGee, Micki (August 10, 2005). Self-Help, Inc.: Makeover Culture in American Life. Oxford University Press. pp. 71–. ISBN 978-0-19-988368-4. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 


Further reading[edit]


Butler, J. Thomas. "Ayurveda," in Consumer Health: Making Informed Decisions, Jones & Bartlett Publishers, 2011, pp. 117–118.
Butler, Kurt and Barrett, Stephen (1992). A Consumer's Guide to "Alternative Medicine": A Close Look at Homeopathy, Acupuncture, Faith-healing, and Other Unconventional Treatments. Prometheus Books, pp. 110–116. ISBN 978-0-87975-733-5.
Kaeser, Eduard (July 2013). "Science kitsch and pop science: A reconnaissance". Public Understanding of Science. 22 (5): 559–69. PMID 23833170. doi:10.1177/0963662513489390. 
Kafatos, Menas, Nadeau, Robert. The Conscious Universe: Parts and Wholes in Physical Reality, Springer, 2013.
Nacson, Leon (1998). Deepak Chopra: How to Live in a World of Infinite Possibilities. Random House. ISBN 0-09-183673-5. 
Scherer, Jochen. "The 'scientific' presentation and legitimation of the teaching of synchronicity in New Age literature," in James R. Lewis, Olav Hammer (eds.), Handbook of Religion and the Authority of Science, Brill Academic Publishers, 2010.


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


New Age movement



Non-exclusive
Themes



Age of Aquarius
Akashic records
Alternative medicine
Ancient astronauts
Angels
Animism
Ascended master
Astral projection
Astrology
Atlantis
Aura
Conspiracy theories
Contactee
Cosmic ordering
Crystal healing
Earth Changes
Earth mysteries
Ecofeminism
Energy
Environmentalism
Faith healing
Feng shui
Gaia hypothesis
Gaia philosophy
Gnosis
Goddess movement
Idealism
Indigo children
Intuition
Karma
Law of attraction
Lemuria
Magic
Meditation
Mediumship
Michael Teachings
New Age communities
New Age music
Odic force
Paganism
Pantheism
Parapsychology
Perception
Perennial philosophy
Quantum mysticism
Qi
Reincarnation
Religious pluralism
Supernatural
Tantra
UFOs
Veganism
Vegetarianism
Wellness
Yoga





Proponents or
individual
influences



José Argüelles
Richard Bach
Alice Bailey
Annie Besant
Helena Blavatsky
William Bloom
Gregg Braden
Rhonda Byrne
Eileen Caddy
Marjorie Cameron
Lee Carroll
Edgar Cayce
Deepak Chopra
Andrew Cohen
Benjamin Creme
Aleister Crowley
Scott Cunningham
Adi Da
Ram Dass
Wayne Dyer
Werner Erhard
Marilyn Ferguson
Debbie Ford
Gandalf
Linda Goodman
Glenda Green
Alex Grey
Michael Harner
Esther Hicks
Barbara Marx Hubbard
David Icke
Timothy Leary
John Lilly
Max Freedom Long
Shirley MacLaine
Leon MacLaren
Terence McKenna
Corinne McLaughlin
Michael Mirdad
Leonard Orr
Jack Parsons
Daniel Quinn
James Redfield
Wilhelm Reich
Jane Roberts
Helena Roerich
Mark Satin
Helen Schucman
John Selby
Ravi Shankar
David Spangler
Joshua David Stone
Ingo Swann
Michael Talbot
William Thetford
Eckhart Tolle
Neale Donald Walsch
Ken Wilber
Stuart Wilde
Marianne Williamson
Robert Anton Wilson
Oprah Winfrey
Fred Alan Wolf
Roger Woolger
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi





Other
influences



Advaita Vedanta
Animism
Anthroposophy
Ariosophy
Ascended Master Teachings
Astrology
Beat Generation
Buddhism
Cannabis culture
Cognitive science
Conspiracy theories
Discordianism
Eight-circuit model of consciousness
Entheogens
Esoteric Christianity
Esotericism
Freemasonry
Fringe science
Gay liberation
Gnosticism
Hermeticism
Hinduism
Hippie subculture
Human Potential Movement
Huna
Integral theory
Kabbalah
Leather subculture
Metaphysics
Neuro-linguistic programming
New Thought
Nonviolence
Occultism
Paganism

Neo-Druidism
Wicca


Postmodernism
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudoscience
Psychedelic music
Quantum mechanics
Rastafari movement
Rosicrucianism
School of Economic Science
Science fiction
Seth Material
Shamanism
Shinto
Spiritism
Spiritualism
Spirituality
Sufism
Taoism
Thelema
Theosophy
Traditionalist School
Transhumanism
Transpersonal psychology
Zen












v
t
e


Pseudoscience



Terminology



Cargo cult science
Charlatan
Crank
Fringe theory

Fringe science
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudohistory


Junk science
Paranormal
Pathological science
Quackery
Snake oil
Superseded scientific theories
True-believer syndrome
Voodoo science





Examples



2012 phenomenon
Acupuncture
Alchemy
Alternative medicine
Ancient astronauts
Anthroposophic medicine
Applied kinesiology
Astrology
Bates method
Biodynamic agriculture
Bloodletting
Body memory
Catastrophism
Chiropractic
Chromotherapy
Conspiracy theory

9/11 conspiracy theories
Chemtrail conspiracy theory
Climate change denial
Moon landing conspiracy theories


Conversion therapy
Creation science
Crystal healing
Cryptozoology
Detoxification

Colon cleansing


Dianetics
Dowsing
Ear candling
Electromagnetic hypersensitivity
Electronic Voice Phenomenon
Feng shui
Flat Earth Theory
Germ theory denialism
Graphology
HIV/AIDS denialism
Hollow Earth theory
Homeopathy
Humorism
Indigo children
Intelligent design
Japhetic theory
Levitation
Lunar effect
Lysenkoism
Magnet therapy
Mediumship
Naturopathy
Nazi archaeology
Nibiru cataclysm
Numerology
Perpetual motion
Orgone
Phrenology
Polygraph
Primal therapy
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudohistory

Genocide denial
Historical negationism
Holocaust denial


Pseudoscientific metrology
Psychohistory
Quantum mysticism
Recovered-memory therapy
Reiki
Scientific racism

Aryan race
Melanin theory


Trepanning
Ufology
Voice stress analysis





Related topics



Bourgeois pseudoscience
Suppressed research in the Soviet Union





Resources



Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
Cults of Unreason
Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience
Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science
Quackwatch
JREF
The Psychology of the Occult
The Ragged Edge of Science
The Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience
Skeptical Inquirer
The Skeptic's Dictionary






List of topics characterized as pseudoscience










v
t
e


Transcendental Meditation



Programs



History of Transcendental Meditation
Maharishi Peace Palace
Maharishi Vastu Architecture
Maharishi Vedic Approach to Health
Transcendental Meditation in education
Transcendental Meditation technique





Organizations



David Lynch Foundation (US)
Global Country of World Peace
Maharishi Heaven on Earth Development
Natural Law Party
Natural Law Party of Canada
Natural Law Party (United States)
Transcendental Meditation movement





Education



Maharishi Institute of Management (IN)
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi Vedic University (IN)
Maharishi School (UK)
Maharishi School of the Age of Enlightenment (US)
Maharishi University of Management and Technology (IN)
Maharishi University of Management (US)
Maharishi Vidya Mandir Schools (IN)





People



Ashley Deans
Bevan Morris
Brahmananda Saraswati
David Lynch
David Orme-Johnson
Deepak Chopra
John Hagelin
Nancy Cooke de Herrera
List of people who have learned Transcendental Meditation
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
Nancy Lonsdorf
Prudence Farrow
Tony Nader
The Beatles in India





Places



Fairfield, Iowa (US)
Golden Domes (US)
Hararit (IL)
Kolleg St. Ludwig (NL)
Maharishi Vedic City, Iowa (US)





Media



Catching the Big Fish
David Wants to Fly
KSCI
TM and Cult Mania
Transcendence: Healing and Transformation Through Transcendental Meditation








Find out more on Wikipedia's
Sister projects


Media
from Commons
Quotations
from Wikiquote
Data
from Wikidata







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 34491177
LCCN: n86130779
ISNI: 0000 0001 1556 5934
GND: 115460624
SUDOC: 029724503
BNF: cb12128712w (data)
MusicBrainz: bc1fbace-7ef8-48d6-a413-65ab9a227bdc
BNE: XX1049304










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Deepak_Chopra&oldid=791414599"					
Categories: 1946 birthsAll India Institute of Medical Sciences alumniAmerican male writers of Indian descentAmerican spiritual writersAyurvedacharyasCelebrity doctorsIndian emigrants to the United States20th-century Indian medical doctorsIndian motivational speakersIndian self-help writersIndian spiritual writersLiving peopleNautilus Book Award winnersNew Age spiritual leadersNew Age writersPeople from New DelhiPeople in alternative medicineQuantum mysticismRecipients of the Medal of the Presidency of the Italian RepublicSelf-published authorsSt. Columba's School, Delhi alumniThe Huffington Post writers and columnistsTranscendental Meditation practitionersSiddha medicineHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Wikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from October 2016Use American English from April 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishBiography template using pronunciationArticles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Articles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2006Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2013Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2005Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2015Pages using refbegin with normalfont parameterWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersUse American English from March 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةتۆرکجهБългарскиCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीItalianoעבריתKapampanganമലയാളംमराठीNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeاردو 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 03:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Deepak Chopra - Wikipedia






















 







Deepak Chopra

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 20 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Deepak Chopra (disambiguation).


Deepak Chopra



Chopra in 2006



Pronunciation
/ˈdiːpɑːk ˈtʃoʊprə/ Hindustani: [d̪iːpək tʃoːpraː]


Born
(1946-10-22) October 22, 1946 (age 70)[1]
New Delhi, British India


Nationality
American[2]


Alma mater
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi


Occupation
Alternative medicine advocate, public speaker, writer


Spouse(s)
Rita Chopra


Children
Mallika Chopra and Gotham Chopra


Parent(s)
Krishan Chopra, Pushpa Chopra


Relatives
Sanjiv Chopra (brother)


Website
Official website


Deepak Chopra (born October 22, 1946) is an American author, public speaker, alternative medicine advocate, and a prominent figure in the New Age movement.[3][4][5] Through his books and videos, he has become one of the best-known and wealthiest figures in alternative medicine.[6]
Chopra studied medicine in India before emigrating to the United States in 1970 where he completed residencies in internal medicine and endocrinology. As a licensed physician, he became chief of staff at the New England Memorial Hospital (NEMH) in 1980.[7] He met Maharishi Mahesh Yogi in 1985 and became involved with the Transcendental Meditation movement (TM). He resigned his position at NEMH shortly thereafter to establish the Maharishi Ayurveda Health Center.[8] Chopra gained a following in 1993 after his interview on The Oprah Winfrey Show regarding his books.[9] He then left the TM movement to become the executive director of Sharp HealthCare's Center for Mind-Body Medicine and in 1996 he co-founded the Chopra Center for Wellbeing.[7][8][10]
Chopra believes that a person may attain "perfect health", a condition "that is free from disease, that never feels pain", and "that cannot age or die".[11][12] Seeing the human body as being undergirded by a "quantum mechanical body" composed not of matter but of energy and information, he believes that "human aging is fluid and changeable; it can speed up, slow down, stop for a time, and even reverse itself," as determined by one's state of mind.[11][13] He claims that his practices can also treat chronic disease.[14][15] As of 2014[update], Deepak Chopra lived in a "health-centric" condominium in Manhattan.[16]
The ideas Chopra promotes have been regularly criticized by medical and scientific professionals as pseudoscience.[17][18][19][20] This criticism has been described as ranging "from dismissive [to] damning".[17] For example, Robert Carroll states Chopra attempts to integrate Ayurveda with quantum mechanics to justify his teachings.[21] Chopra argues that what he calls "quantum healing" cures any manner of ailments, including cancer, through effects that he claims are literally based on the same principles as quantum mechanics.[15] This has led physicists to object to his use of the term quantum in reference to medical conditions and the human body.[15] His treatments benefit from the placebo response,[6] and some argue that his claims for the effectiveness of alternative medicine can lure sick people away from medical treatments.[17] He is placed by David Gorski among the "quacks", "cranks" and "purveyors of woo", and described as "arrogantly obstinate".[22] Richard Dawkins publicly exposed Chopra, accusing him of using "quantum jargon as plausible-sounding hocus pocus".[citation needed]



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life and education
1.2 East Coast years
1.3 West Coast years
1.4 Alternative medicine business
1.5 Teaching and other roles


2 Ideas and reception

2.1 Consciousness
2.2 Approach to health care
2.3 Alternative medicine
2.4 Aging
2.5 Spirituality and religion
2.6 Position on skepticism
2.7 Use of scientific terminology
2.8 Yoga


3 Legal actions
4 Select bibliography
5 See also
6 References
7 Further reading
8 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life and education[edit]
Chopra was born in New Delhi, India,[23] to Krishan Lal Chopra (1919–2001) and Pushpa Chopra.[24]
His paternal grandfather was a sergeant in the British Indian Army. His father was a prominent cardiologist, head of the department of medicine and cardiology at New Delhi's Moolchand Khairati Ram Hospital for over 25 years; he was also a lieutenant in the British army, serving as an army doctor at the front at Burma and acting as a medical adviser to Lord Mountbatten, viceroy of India.[25] As of 2014[update] Chopra's younger brother, Sanjiv Chopra, is a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School and on staff at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.[26]
Chopra completed his primary education at St. Columba's School in New Delhi and graduated from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in 1969.[citation needed][27] He spent his first months as a doctor working in rural India, including, he writes, six months in a village where the lights went out whenever it rained.[28] It was during his early career that he was drawn to study endocrinology, particularly neuroendocrinology, to find a biological basis for the influence of thoughts and emotions.[29]
He married in India in 1970 before emigrating with his wife that year to the United States.[9] The Indian government had banned its doctors from sitting the American Medical Association exam needed to practice in the USA, so Chopra had to travel to Sri Lanka to take it. After passing he arrived in the United States to take up a clinical internship at Muhlenberg Hospital in Plainfield, New Jersey, where doctors from overseas were being recruited to replace those serving in Vietnam.[30]
Between 1971 and 1977 he completed residencies in internal medicine at the Lahey Clinic in Burlington, Massachusetts, the VA Medical Center, St Elizabeth's Medical Center and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston.[31] He earned his license to practice medicine in the state of Massachusetts in 1973, becoming board certified in internal medicine, specializing in endocrinology.[32]
East Coast years[edit]
Chopra taught at the medical schools of Tufts University, Boston University and Harvard University,[33][34][35] and became Chief of Staff at the New England Memorial Hospital (NEMH) (later known as the Boston Regional Medical Center) in Stoneham, Massachusetts, before establishing a private practice in Boston in endocrinology.[36]




Maharishi Mahesh Yogi was an influence on Chopra in the 1980s


While visiting New Delhi in 1981, he met the physician Brihaspati Dev Triguna, head of the Indian Council for Ayurvedic Medicine, whose advice prompted him to begin investigating Ayurvedic practices.[37] Chopra was "drinking black coffee by the hour and smoking at least a pack of cigarettes a day".[38] He took up Transcendental Meditation to help him stop; as of 2006[update] he continued to meditate for two hours every morning and half an hour in the evening.[39]
Chopra's involvement with TM led to a meeting, in 1985, with the leader of the TM movement, Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, who asked him to establish an Ayurvedic health center.[8][40] He left his position at the NEMH. Chopra said that one of the reasons he left was his disenchantment at having to prescribe too many drugs: "[W]hen all you do is prescribe medication, you start to feel like a legalized drug pusher. That doesn't mean that all prescriptions are useless, but it is true that 80 percent of all drugs prescribed today are of optional or marginal benefit."[41]
He became the founding president of the American Association of Ayurvedic Medicine, one of the founders of Maharishi Ayur-Veda Products International, and medical director of the Maharishi Ayur-Veda Health Center in Lancaster, Massachusetts. The center charged between $2,850 and $3,950 a week for Ayurvedic cleansing rituals such as massages, enemas and oil baths; TM lessons cost an additional $1,000. Celebrity patients included Elizabeth Taylor.[42] Chopra also became one of the TM movement's spokespersons. In 1989 the Maharishi awarded him the title "Dhanvantari of Heaven and Earth" (Dhanvantari is the Hindu physician to the gods).[43] That year Chopra's Quantum Healing: Exploring the Frontiers of Mind/Body Medicine was published, followed by Perfect Health: The Complete Mind/Body Guide (1990).[7]
West Coast years[edit]
In June 1993 he moved to California as executive director of Sharp HealthCare's Institute for Human Potential and Mind/Body Medicine, and head of their Center for Mind/Body Medicine, a clinic in an exclusive resort in Del Mar, California that charged $4,000 a week and included Michael Jackson's family among its clients.[44] Chopra and Jackson first met in 1988 and remained friends for 20 years. When Jackson died in 2009 after being administered prescription drugs, Chopra said he hoped it would be a call to action against the "cult of drug-pushing doctors, with their co-dependent relationships with addicted celebrities".[45][46]
Chopra left the Transcendental Meditation movement around the time he moved to California in January 1993.[47] By his own account, the Maharishi had accused him of competing for the Maharishi's position as guru,[48] although Chopra rejects identification as a "guru".[49] According to Robert Todd Carroll, Chopra left the TM organization when it "became too stressful" and was a "hindrance to his success".[50] Cynthia Ann Humes writes that the Maharishi was concerned, and not only with regard to Chopra, that rival systems were being taught at lower prices.[51] Chopra, for his part, was worried that his close association with the TM movement might prevent Ayurvedic medicine from being accepted as legitimate, particularly after the problems with the JAMA article.[52] He also stated that he had become uncomfortable with what seemed like a "cultish atmosphere around Maharishi".[53]
In 1995 Chopra was not licensed to practice medicine in California where he had a clinic; however, he did not see patients at this clinic "as a doctor" during this time.[54] In 2004 he received his California medical licence, and as of 2014[update] is affiliated with Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla, California.[55][56][57] Chopra is the owner and supervisor of the Mind-Body Medical Group within the Chopra Center, which in addition to standard medical treatment offers personalized advice about nutrition, sleep-wake cycles and stress management, based on mainstream medicine and Ayurveda.[58] He is a fellow of the American College of Physicians and member of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists.[59]
The couple had two adult children and three grandchildren as of 2013[update].[5] As of 2014[update], Deepak Chopra lived in a "health-centric" condominium in Manhattan.[16]
Alternative medicine business[edit]
Chopra's Ageless Body, Timeless Mind: The Quantum Alternative to Growing Old was published in 1993.[7] The book and his friendship with Michael Jackson gained him an interview on July 12 that year on Oprah, which made him a household name. Paul Offit writes that within 24 hours Chopra had sold 137,000 copies of his book and 400,000 by the end of the week.[60] Four days after the interview, the Maharishi National Council of the Age of Enlightenment wrote to TM centers in the United States, instructing them not to promote Chopra, and his name and books were removed from the movement's literature and health centers.[61] Neuroscientist Tony Nader became the movement's new "Dhanvantari of Heaven and Earth".[62]
Sharp HealthCare changed ownership in 1996 and Chopra left to set up the Chopra Center for Wellbeing with neurologist David Simon, now located at the Omni La Costa Resort and Spa in Carlsbad, California.[63] In his 2013 book Do You Believe in Magic?, Paul Offit writes that Chopra's business grosses approximately $20 million annually, and is built on the sale of various alternative medicine products such as herbal supplements, massage oils, books, videos and courses. A year's worth of products for "anti-ageing" can cost up to $10,000, Offit wrote.[64] Chopra himself is estimated to be worth over $80 million as of 2014[update].[65] As of 2005[update], according to Srinivas Aravamudan, he was able to charge $25,000 to $30,000 per lecture five or six times a month.[66] Medical anthropologist Hans Baer said Chopra was an example of a successful entrepreneur, but that he focused too much on serving the upper-class through an alternative to medical hegemony, rather than a truly holistic approach to health.[11]
Teaching and other roles[edit]
Chopra serves as an adjunct professor in the marketing division at Columbia Business School.[67] He serves as adjunct professor of executive programs at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.[68] He participates annually as a lecturer at the Update in Internal Medicine event sponsored by Harvard Medical School and the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.[69] Robert Carroll writes of Chopra charging $25,000 per lecture, "giving spiritual advice while warning against the ill effects of materialism".[70]
In 2015, Chopra partnered with businessman Paul Tudor Jones II to found JUST Capital, a non-profit which ranks companies in terms of just business practices in an effort to promote economic justice.[71][72] In 2014 Chopra founded ISHAR (Integrative Studies Historical Archive and Repository).[73] In 2012, Chopra joined the board of advisors for tech startup State.com, creating a browsable network of structured opinions.[74] In 2009 Chopra founded the Chopra Foundation, a tax-exempt 501(c) organization that raises funds to promote and research alternative health.[75] The Foundation sponsors annual Sages and Scientists conferences.[76] He sits on the board of advisors of the National Ayurvedic Medical Association.[77] Chopra founded the American Association for Ayurvedic Medicine (AAAM) and Maharishi AyurVeda Products International, though he later distanced himself from these organizations.[78] In 2005 Chopra was appointed as a senior scientist at The Gallup Organization.[79] Since 2004 he has been a board member of Men's Wearhouse, a men's clothing distributor.[80] In 2006 he launched Virgin Comics with his son Gotham Chopra and entrepreneur Richard Branson.[81] In 2016 Chopra was promoted from assistant professor to full professor at the University of California, San Diego in their Department of Family Medicine.[82]
Ideas and reception[edit]
Chopra believes that a person may attain "perfect health", a condition "that is free from disease, that never feels pain", and "that cannot age or die".[11][12] Seeing the human body as being undergirded by a "quantum mechanical body" comprised not of matter but of energy and information, he believes that "human aging is fluid and changeable; it can speed up, slow down, stop for a time, and even reverse itself," as determined by one's state of mind.[11][13] He claims that his practices can also treat chronic disease.[14][15]
Consciousness[edit]
Chopra speaks and writes regularly about metaphysics, including the study of consciousness and Vedanta philosophy. He is a philosophical idealist, arguing for the primacy of consciousness over matter and for teleology and intelligence in nature – that mind, or "dynamically active consciousness", is a fundamental feature of the universe.[83]
In this view, consciousness is both subject and object.[84] It is consciousness, he writes, that creates reality; we are not "physical machines that have somehow learned to think...[but] thoughts that have learned to create a physical machine".[85] He argues that the evolution of species is the evolution of consciousness seeking to express itself as multiple observers; the universe experiences itself through our brains: "We are the eyes of the universe looking at itself".[86] He has been quoted as saying "Charles Darwin was wrong. Consciousness is key to evolution and we will soon prove that."[87] He opposes reductionist thinking in science and medicine, arguing that we can trace the physical structure of the body down to the molecular level and still have no explanation for beliefs, desires, memory and creativity.[88] In his book Quantum Healing, Chopra stated the conclusion that quantum entanglement links everything in the Universe, and therefore it must create consciousness.[89]
Approach to health care [edit]




Deepak Chopra at the Clinton "Health Matters" Conference in La Quinta, California, January 14, 2013


Chopra argues that everything that happens in the mind and brain is physically represented elsewhere in the body, with mental states (thoughts, feelings, perceptions and memories) directly influencing physiology by means of neurotransmitters such as dopamine, oxytocin and serotonin. He has stated, "Your mind, your body and your consciousness – which is your spirit – and your social interactions, your personal relationships, your environment, how you deal with the environment, and your biology are all inextricably woven into a single process … By influencing one, you influence everything."[90]
Chopra and physicians at the Chopra Center practise integrative medicine, combining the medical model of conventional Western medicine with alternative therapies such as yoga, mindfulness meditation, and Ayurveda.[91][92] According to Ayurveda, illness is caused by an imbalance in the patient's doshas or humours, and is treated with diet, exercise and meditative practices[93] – based on the medical evidence there is, however, nothing in Ayurvedic medicine that is known to be effective at treating disease, and some preparations may be actively harmful, although meditation may be useful in promoting general wellbeing.[94]
In discussing health care, Chopra has used the term "quantum healing", which he defined in Quantum Healing (1989) as the "ability of one mode of consciousness (the mind) to spontaneously correct the mistakes in another mode of consciousness (the body)".[95] This attempted to wed the Maharishi's version of Ayurvedic medicine with concepts from physics, an example of what cultural historian Kenneth Zysk called "New Age Ayurveda".[96] The book introduced Chopra's view that a person's thoughts and feelings give rise to all cellular processes.[97]
Chopra coined the term quantum healing to invoke the idea of a process whereby a person's health "imbalance" is corrected by quantum mechanical means. Chopra said that quantum phenomena are responsible for health and wellbeing. He has attempted to integrate Ayurveda, a traditional Indian system of medicine, with quantum mechanics, in order to justify his teachings. According to Robert Carroll, he "charges $25,000 per lecture performance, where he spouts a few platitudes and gives spiritual advice while warning against the ill effects of materialism".[21]
Chopra has equated spontaneous remission in cancer to a change in quantum state, corresponding to a jump to "a new level of consciousness that prohibits the existence of cancer". Physics professor Robert L. Park has written that physicists "wince" at the "New Age quackery" in Chopra's cancer theories, and characterizes them as a cruel fiction, since adopting them in place of effective treatment risks compounding the ill effects of the disease with guilt, and might rule out the prospect of getting a genuine cure.[15]
Chopra's claims of quantum healing have attracted controversy due to what has been described as a "systematic misinterpretation" of modern physics.[98] Chopra's connections between quantum mechanics and alternative medicine are widely regarded in the scientific community as being invalid. The main criticism revolves around the fact that macroscopic objects are too large to exhibit inherently quantum properties like interference and wave function collapse. Most literature on quantum healing is almost entirely theosophical, omitting the rigorous mathematics that makes quantum electrodynamics possible.[99]
Physicists have objected to Chopra's use of terms from quantum physics; he was awarded the satirical Ig Nobel Prize in physics in 1998 for "his unique interpretation of quantum physics as it applies to life, liberty, and the pursuit of economic happiness".[100] When Chopra and Jean Houston debated Sam Harris and Michael Shermer in 2010 on the question "Does God Have a Future?", Harris argued that Chopra's use of "spooky physics" merged two language games in a "completely unprincipled way".[18] Interviewed in 2007 by Richard Dawkins, Chopra said that he used the term quantum as a metaphor when discussing healing and that it had little to do with quantum theory in physics.[101]
Chopra wrote in 2000 that his AIDS patients were combining mainstream medicine with activities based on Ayurveda, including taking herbs, meditation and yoga.[102] He acknowledges that AIDS is caused by the HIV virus, but says that, "'[h]earing' the virus in its vicinity, the DNA mistakes it for a friendly or compatible sound". Ayurveda uses vibrations which are said to correct this supposed sound distortion.[103] Medical professor Lawrence Schneiderman writes that Chopra's treatment has "to put it mildly...no supporting empirical data".[104]
In 2001, ABC News aired a show segment on the topic of distance healing and prayer.[105] In it Chopra said that "there is a realm of reality that goes beyond the physical where in fact we can influence each other from a distance".[105] Chopra was shown using his claimed mental powers in an attempt to relax a person in another room, whose vital signs were recorded in charts which were said to show a correspondence between Chopra's periods of concentration and the subject's periods of relaxation.[105] After the show, a poll of its viewers found that 90% of them believed in distance healing.[106] Health and science journalist Christopher Wanjek has criticized the experiment, saying that any correspondence evident from the charts would prove nothing, but that even so freezing the frame of the video showed the correspondences were not so close as claimed. Wanjek characterized the broadcast as "an instructive example of how bad medicine is presented as exciting news" which had "a dependence on unusual or sensational science results that others in the scientific community renounce as unsound".[105]
Alternative medicine[edit]
See also: Maharishi Vedic Approach to Health
Chopra has been described as "America's most prominent spokesman for Ayurveda".[78] His treatments benefit from the placebo response.[6] Chopra states "The placebo effect is real medicine, because it triggers the body's healing system."[107]
Chopra has metaphorically described the AIDS virus as emitting "a sound that lures the DNA to its destruction". The condition can be treated, according to Chopra, with "Ayurveda's primordial sound".[14] Taking issue with this view, medical professor Lawrence Schneiderman has said that ethical issues are raised when alternative medicine is not based on empirical evidence and that, "to put it mildly, Dr. Chopra proposes a treatment and prevention program for AIDS that has no supporting empirical data".[14]
He is placed by David Gorski among the "quacks", "cranks" and "purveyors of woo", and described as "arrogantly obstinate".[22] The New York Times in 2013 stated that Deepak Chopra is "the controversial New Age guru and booster of alternative medicine".[5] The Time magazine stated that he is "the poet-prophet of alternative medicine."[108] He has become one of the best-known and wealthiest figures in the holistic-health movement.[6] The Times argued that his publishers have used his medical degree on the covers of his books as a way to promote the books and buttress their claims.[54] In 1999 Time magazine included Chopra in its list of the 20th century's heroes and icons. The following year Mikhail Gorbachev referred to him as "one of the most lucid and inspired philosophers of our time". Cosmo Landesman wrote in 2005 that Chopra was "hardly a man now, more a lucrative new age brand – the David Beckham of personal/spiritual growth".[109] A 2008 Time magazine article by Ptolemy Tompkins commented that for most of his career Chopra had been a "magnet for criticism", and most of it was from the medical and scientific professionals.[17] Opinions ranged from the "dismissive" to the "outright damning".[17] Chopra's claims for the effectiveness of alternative medicine can, some have argued, lure sick people away from medical treatments.[17] Tompkins however considered Chopra a "beloved" individual whose basic messages centered on "love, health and happiness" had made him rich because of their popular appeal.[17] English professor George O'Har argues that Chopra exemplifies the need of human beings for meaning and spirit in their lives, and places what he calls Chopra's "sophistries" alongside the emotivism of Oprah Winfrey.[110] Paul Kurtz writes that Chopra's "regnant spirituality" is reinforced by postmodern criticism of the notion of objectivity in science, while Wendy Kaminer equates Chopra's views with irrational belief systems such as New Thought, Christian Science, and Scientology.[111]
Aging[edit]
Chopra believes that "ageing is simply learned behaviour" that can be slowed or prevented.[112] Chopra has said that he expects "to live way beyond 100".[113] He states that "by consciously using our awareness, we can influence the way we age biologically...You can tell your body not to age."[114] Conversely, Chopra also says that ageing can be accelerated, for example by a person engaging in "cynical mistrust".[115]
Robert Todd Carroll has characterized Chopra's promotion of lengthened life as a selling of "hope" that seems to be "a false hope based on an unscientific imagination steeped in mysticism and cheerily dispensed gibberish".[21]
Spirituality and religion[edit]
Chopra has likened the universe to a "reality sandwich" which has three layers: the "material" world, a "quantum" zone of matter and energy, and a "virtual" zone outside of time and space, which is the domain of God, and from which God can direct the other layers. Chopra has written that human beings' brains are "hardwired to know God" and that the functions of the human nervous system mirror divine experience.[116] Chopra has written that his thinking has been inspired by Jiddu Krishnamurti, a 20th-century speaker and writer on philosophical and spiritual subjects.[117]
In 2012, reviewing War of the Worldviews – a book co-authored by Chopra and Leonard Mlodinow – physics professor Mark Alford says that the work is set out as a debate between the two authors, "[covering] all the big questions: cosmology, life and evolution, the mind and brain, and God". Alford considers the two sides of the debate a false opposition, and says that "the counterpoint to Chopra's speculations is not science, with its complicated structure of facts, theories, and hypotheses," but rather Occam's razor.[118]
In August 2005, Chopra wrote a series of articles on the creation-evolution controversy and Intelligent design, which were criticized by science writer Michael Shermer, founder of The Skeptics Society.[119][120][121] In 2010, Shermer said that Chopra is "the very definition of what we mean by pseudoscience".[18]
Position on skepticism[edit]
Paul Kurtz, an American skeptic and secular humanist, has written that the popularity of Chopra's views is associated with increasing anti-scientific attitudes in society, and such popularity represents an assault on the objectivity of science itself by seeking new, alternative forms of validation for ideas. Kurtz says that medical claims must always be submitted to open-minded but proper scrutiny, and that skepticism "has its work cut out for it".[122]
In 2013, Chopra published an article on what he saw as "skepticism" at work in Wikipedia, arguing that a "stubborn band of militant skeptics" were editing articles to prevent what he believes would be a fair representation of the views of such figures as Rupert Sheldrake, an author, lecturer, and researcher in parapsychology. The result, Chopra argued, was that the encyclopedia's readers were denied the opportunity to read of attempts to "expand science beyond its conventional boundaries".[123] The biologist Jerry Coyne responded, saying that it was instead Chopra who was losing out as his views were being "exposed as a lot of scientifically-sounding psychobabble".[123]
More broadly, Chopra has attacked skepticism as a whole, writing in The Huffington Post that "No skeptic, to my knowledge, ever made a major scientific discovery or advanced the welfare of others."[124] Astronomer Phil Plait said this statement trembled "on the very edge of being a blatant and gross lie", listing Carl Sagan, Richard Feynman, Stephen Jay Gould, and Edward Jenner among the "thousands of scientists [who] are skeptics", who he said were counterexamples to Chopra's statement.[125]
Use of scientific terminology[edit]
See also: Quantum mysticism
Reviewing Susan Jacoby's book, The Age of American Unreason, Wendy Kaminer sees Chopra's popular reception in the USA as being symptomatic of many Americans' historical inability (as Jacoby puts it) "to distinguish between real scientists and those who peddled theories in the guise of science". Chopra's "nonsensical references to quantum physics" are placed in a lineage of American religious pseudoscience, extending back through Scientology to Christian Science.[19] Physics professor Chad Orzel has written that "to a physicist, Chopra's babble about 'energy fields' and 'congealing quantum soup' presents as utter gibberish", but that Chopra makes enough references to technical terminology to convince non-scientists that he understands physics.[126] English professor George O'Har writes that Chopra is as an exemplification of the fact that human beings need "magic" in their lives, and places "the sophistries of Chopra" alongside the emotivism of Oprah Winfrey, the special effects and logic of Star Trek, and the magic of Harry Potter.[127]
Chopra has been criticized for his frequent references to the relationship of quantum mechanics to healing processes, a connection that has drawn skepticism from physicists who say it can be considered as contributing to the general confusion in the popular press regarding quantum measurement, decoherence and the Heisenberg uncertainty principle.[128] In 1998, Chopra was awarded the satirical Ig Nobel Prize in physics for "his unique interpretation of quantum physics as it applies to life, liberty, and the pursuit of economic happiness".[129] When interviewed by ethologist and evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins in the Channel 4 (UK) documentary The Enemies of Reason, Chopra said that he used the term "quantum physics" as "a metaphor" and that it had little to do with quantum theory in physics.[130] In March 2010, Chopra and Jean Houston debated Sam Harris and Michael Shermer at the California Institute of Technology on the question "Does God Have a Future?" Shermer and Harris criticized Chopra's use of scientific terminology to expound unrelated spiritual concepts.[18]
A 2015 paper examining "the reception and detection of pseudo-profound bullshit" used Chopra's Twitter feed as the canonical example, and compared this with fake Chopra quotes generated by a spoof website.[20][131][132]
Yoga[edit]
In April 2010 Aseem Shukla, co-founder of the Hindu American Foundation, criticized Chopra for suggesting that yoga did not have its origins in Hinduism but in an older Indian spiritual tradition.[133] Chopra later said that yoga was rooted in "consciousness alone" expounded by Vedic rishis long before historic Hinduism ever arose. He accused Shukla of having a "fundamentalist agenda". Shukla responded by saying Chopra was an exponent of the art of "How to Deconstruct, Repackage and Sell Hindu Philosophy Without Calling it Hindu!", and he said Chopra's mentioning of fundamentalism was an attempt to divert the debate.[134][135]
Legal actions[edit]
In May 1991, the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) published an article by Chopra and two others on Ayurvedic medicine and TM.[136] JAMA subsequently published an erratum stating that the lead author, Hari M. Sharma, had undisclosed financial interests, followed by an article by JAMA associate editor Andrew A. Skolnick which was highly critical of Chopra and the other authors for failing to disclose their financial connections to the article subject.[137] Several experts on meditation and traditional Indian medicine criticized JAMA for accepting the "shoddy science" of the original article.[138] Chopra and two TM groups sued Skolnick and JAMA for defamation, asking for $194 million in damages, but the case was dismissed in March 1993.[139]
Chopra was sued for copyright infringement by Robert Sapolsky, for using a chart displaying information on the endocrinology of stress without proper attribution, after the publication of Chopra's book Ageless Body, Timeless Mind.[140] "An out-of-court settlement" resulted in Chopra correctly attributing material that was researched by Sapolsky.[141]
Select bibliography[edit]
As of 2015[update], Chopra has written 80 books, 21 of them New York Times bestsellers, which have been translated into 43 languages.[142] His book The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success was on The New York Times Best Seller list[143] for 72 weeks.[144]
Books


(1987) Creating Health. New York: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 0-395-42953-6. 
(1989) Quantum Healing. New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-553-05368-X. 
(1991) Perfect Health. New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-553-81367-6. 
(1991) Return of the Rishi: A Doctor's Story of Spiritual Transformation and Ayurvedic Healing. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 978-0-395-57420-1. 
(1993) Ageless Body Timeless Mind. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-517-59257-6. 
(1994) The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success. San Rafael: Amber Allen Publishing and New World Library. ISBN 1-878424-11-4. 
(1995) The Return of Merlin. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-517-59849-3. 
(1995) The Way of the Wizard. New York: Random House. ISBN 0-517-70434-X. 
(1996) The Path to Love. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-517-70622-0. 
(2000) with David Simon, The Chopra Center Herbal Handbook. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-609-80390-5. 
(2004) The Book of Secrets. New York: Harmony. ISBN 0-517-70624-5. 
(2008) The Soul of Leadership. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-40806-X. 
(2008) The Third Jesus. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-33831-2. 
(2009) Reinventing the Body, Resurrecting the Soul. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-307-45233-7. 
(2011) with Leonard Mlodinow, War of the Worldviews. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-307-88688-0. 
(2011) with Gotham Chopra, The Seven Spiritual Laws of Superheroes: Harnessing Our Power to Change the World. HarperOne. ISBN 978-0-06-205966-6. 
(2012) God: A Story of Revelation. New York: HarperOne. ISBN 978-0-06-202069-7. 
(2012) with Rudolph E. Tanzi, Super Brain. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-95682-2. 
(2013) with Sanjiv Chopra, Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. New York: New Harvest. ISBN 978-0-544-03210-1. 
(2013) What Are You Hungry For?. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-7704-3721-4. 
(2015) with Rudolph Tanzi, Super Genes. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-8041-4013-8. :





See also[edit]


India portal
Biography portal
Health and fitness portal
Psychology portal



Celebrity doctor
Hard problem of consciousness
Indian Americans
Indians in the New York City metropolitan region
List of people in alternative medicine
Panpsychism
Spiritual naturalism

References[edit]


^ Deepak Chopra; Sanjiv Chopra (2013). Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. pp. 5–. ISBN 0-544-03210-1. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Jeffrey Brown (May 13, 2013). "Chopra Brothers Tell Story of How They Became Americans and Doctors in Memoir". PBS News Hour. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Deepak Chopra; Sanjiv Chopra (2013). Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. p. 194. ISBN 0-544-03210-1. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
Boye Lafayette De Mente (January 1, 1976). Cultural Failures That Are Destroying the American Dream! – The Destructive Influence of Male Dominance & Religious Dogma!. Cultural-Insight Books. p. 42. ISBN 978-0-914778-17-2. 
^ Alter, Charlotte (November 26, 2014). "Deepak Chopra on Why Gratitude is Good For You". Time. Retrieved December 16, 2014. 
^ "Deepak Chopra". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Chopra 1991, pp. 54–57; Joanne Kaufman, "Deepak Chopra – An 'Inner Stillness,' Even on the Subway," The New York Times, October 17, 2013.
^ a b c d John Gamel, "Hokum on the Rise: The 70-Percent Solution", The Antioch Review, 66(1), 2008, p. 130.
^ a b c d Perry, Tony (September 7, 1997). "So Rich, So Restless". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved November 10, 2013. 
^ a b c Baer 2003, p. 237.
^ a b Dunkel, Tom (2005). "Inner Peacekeeper". The Baltimore Sun. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ David Steele (September 11, 2012). The Million Dollar Private Practice: Using Your Expertise to Build a Business That Makes a Difference. John Wiley & Sons. pp. 26–. ISBN 978-1-118-22081-8. 
^ a b c d e Baer, HA (June 2003). "The work of Andrew Weil and Deepak Chopra—two holistic health/New Age gurus: a critique of the holistic health/New Age movements.". Medical anthropology quarterly. 17 (2): 240–241. JSTOR 3655336. PMID 12846118. doi:10.1525/maq.2003.17.2.233. 
^ a b Chopra, Deepak (December 2007). Perfect Health—Revised and Updated: The Complete Mind Body Guide. New York, NY: Three Rivers Press. p. 7. 
^ a b Chopra, Deepak (1997). Ageless Body, Timeless Mind: The Quantum Alternative to Growing Old. Random House. p. 6. 
^ a b c d Schneiderman, LJ (2003). "The (alternative) medicalization of life". Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics. 31 (2): 191–7. PMID 12964263. doi:10.1111/j.1748-720X.2003.tb00080.x. 
^ a b c d e Park, Robert L (September 1, 2005). "Chapter 9: Voodoo medicine in a scientific world". In Ashman, Keith; Barringer, Phillip. After the Science Wars: Science and the Study of Science. Routledge. pp. 137–. ISBN 978-1-134-61618-3. 
^ a b Zoe Rosenberg (February 26, 2014). "Deepak Chopra Drops $14.5M on Health-Centric Delos Condo". Vox Media. Retrieved December 25, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g Tompkins, Ptolemy (November 14, 2008). "New Age Supersage". Time. Archived from the original on April 12, 2009. Ever since his early days as an advocate of alternative healing and nutrition, Chopra has been a magnet for criticism—most of it from the medical and scientific communities. Accusations have ranged from the dismissive—Chopra is just another huckster purveying watered-down Eastern wisdom mixed with pseudo science and pop psychology—to the outright damning. 
^ a b c d "Face-Off: Does God Have a Future". Nightline. Season 30. Episode 58. Transcript from the Internet Archive. March 23, 2010. ABC. Retrieved July 9, 2010. 
^ a b Kaminer, Wendy (2008). "The Corrosion of the American Mind (reviewing The Age of American Unreason by Susan Jacoby)". The Wilson Quarterly. 32 (2): 92. JSTOR 40262377. Then came Scientology, the "science" of positive thinking, and, more recently, New Age healer Deepak Chopra's nonsensical references to quantum physics 
^ a b "Scientists find a link between low intelligence and acceptance of 'pseudo-profound bulls***'". The Independent. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ a b c Carroll, Robert Todd (May 19, 2013), "Deepak Chopra", The Skeptic's Dictionary 
^ a b David Gorski. "Deepak Chopra tries his hand at a clinical trial. Woo ensues". Retrieved 20 December 2016. 
^ Chamberlain, Adrian (October 10, 2015). "Backstage: A lesson in concentration from Deepak Chopra". Times Colonist. 
^ Chopra and Chopra 2013, pp. 5, 161.
^ Chopra 2013, pp. 5–6, 11–13; Michael Schulder (May 24, 2013). "The Chopra Brothers". CNN. 
^ "Chopra, Sanjiv, MD" Archived December 20, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. Retrieved May 15, 2014.
^ The AIIMSonians alumni site notes he joined AIIMS in 1964. Retrieved August 25, 2015.
^ Deepak Chopra, Return of the Rishi, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 1991, p. 1.
^ Carl Lindgren (March 31, 2010). "International Dreamer – Deepak Chopra". Map Magazine's Street Editors. Archived from the original on July 16, 2011. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 57; Deepak Chopra, "Special Keynote with Dr. Deepak Chopra", November 2013, from 2:50 mins; Richard Knox, "Foreign doctors: a US dilemma", Boston Globe, June 30, 1974.
^ "Dr. Deepak K Chopra", U.S. News and World Report.
^ "Deepak K. Chopra, M.D.", Commonwealth of Massachusetts Board of Registration in Medicine; "Verify a Physician's Certification" Archived December 13, 2013, at the Wayback Machine., American Board of Internal Medicine.
^ Lambert, Craig A. (July 1989). "Quantum Healing: An Interview with Deepak Chopra, M.D.". Yoga Journal (87): 47–53. 
^ Young, Anna M. (2014). Prophets, Gurus, and Pundits: Rhetorical Styles and Public Engagement. SIU Press. pp. 59–68. ISBN 9780809332953. OCLC 871781118. 
^ Hill, Maria (2016). The Emerging Sensitive: A Guide for Finding Your Place in the World. BookBaby. ISBN 9781682224755. OCLC 953493840. 
^ "Toward an Integrative Medicine". google.se. p. 121. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 105ff.
^ Chopra 1991, p. 125.
^ Rosamund Burton (June 4, 2006). "Peace Seeker". Nova Magazine. Archived from the original on November 5, 2013. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 139ff
^ Nafeez Mosaddeq Ahmed, "The Crisis of Perception", Media Monitors Network, February 29, 2008.
^ Elise Pettus, "The Mind–Body Problems," New York, August 14, 1995, (pp. 28–31, 95), p. 30. Also see Deepak Chopra, "Letters: Deepak responds," New York Magazine, September 25, 1995, p. 16.
^ Cynthia Ann Humes, "Schisms within Hindu guru groups: the Transcendental Meditation movement in North America," in James R. Lewis, Sarah M. Lewis (eds.), Sacred Schisms: How Religions Divide, Cambridge University Press, 2009, p. 297. Also see Cynthia Ann Humes, "Maharishi Mahesh Yogi: Beyond the TM Technique," in Thomas A. Forsthoefel, Cynthia Ann Humes (eds.), Gurus in America, State University of New York Press, 2005, pp. 68–69.
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31.
^ Deepak Chopra, "A Tribute to My Friend, Michael Jackson".
^ The Huffington Post, June 26, 2009; Gerald Posner, "Deepak Chopra: How Michael Jackson Could Have Been Saved", The Daily Beast, July 2, 2009, p. 4.
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31; Baer 2004, p. 129.
^ Deepak Chopra, "The Maharishi Years – The Untold Story: Recollections of a Former Disciple", The Huffington Post, February 13, 2008.
^ Nilanjana Bhaduri Jha (June 22, 2004). "'Employee loyalty comes first, the rest will follow' – Economic Times". The Times of India. Retrieved June 4, 2014. 
^ Carroll, Robert Todd (January 11, 2011). The Skeptic's Dictionary: A Collection of Strange Beliefs, Amusing Deceptions, and Dangerous Delusions. John Wiley & Sons. p. 48. ISBN 978-1-118-04563-3. 
^ Humes 2005, p. 69; Humes 2009, pp. 299, 302.
^ Cynthia Ann Humes, "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Perfect Health through Enlightened Marketing in America," in Frederick M. Smith, Dagmar Wujastyk (eds.), Modern and Global Ayurveda: Pluralism and Paradigms, State University of New York Press, 2008, p. 324.
^ Hoffman, Claire (February 22, 2013). "David Lynch Is Back … as a Guru of Transcendental Meditation". The New York Times. 
^ a b LLC, New York Media, (August 14, 1995). New York Magazine. New York Media, LLC. pp. 95–. Retrieved December 16, 2014. 
^ "Chopra, Deepak", California Department of Consumer Affairs. Retrieved March 23, 2016.
^ "Dr. Deepak K Chopra", U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved March 23, 2016.
^ "Endocrinologists, Scripps La Jolla Hospitals and Clinics", U.S. News & World Report. Archived May 29, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Mind–Body Medical Group" Archived May 29, 2014, at the Wayback Machine., Chopra Center; Deepak Chopra, "The Mind–Body Medical Group at the Chopra Center", The Chopra Well, May 26, 2014.
^ "Deepak Chopra, M.D.", The Chopra Center.
^ Paul A. Offit, Do You Believe in Magic? The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative Medicine, HarperCollins, 2013, p. 39; "Full Transcript: Your Call with Dr Deepak Chopra", NDTV, January 23, 2012; also see Craig Bromberg, "Doc of Ages," People, November 15, 1993.
^ For the National Council's letter, Humes 2005, p. 68; Humes 2009, p. 297; for the rest, Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31.
^ Humes 2008, p. 326.
^ David Ogul (February 9, 2012). "David Simon, 61, mind-body medicine pioneer, opened Chopra Center for Wellbeing". U-T San Diego. p. 1. 
^ Offit, Paul (2013). Do You Believe in Magic? The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative Medicine. HarperCollins. pp. 245–246. ISBN 978-0-06-222296-1. 
^ Rowe 2014, Truly, madly, deeply Deepak Chopra.
^ Srinivas Aravamudan, Guru English: South Asian Religion in a Cosmopolitan Language, Princeton University Press, 2005, p. 257.
^ "Deepak Chopra | Columbia Business School Directory". Columbia Business School, Columbia University in the City of New York. Retrieved December 12, 2015. 
^ "Deepak Chopra – Faculty – Kellogg School of Management". Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. Retrieved March 18, 2016. 
^ "Update in Internal Medicine". updateinternalmedicine.com/faculty. updateinternalmedicine.com. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Robert Todd Carroll (2011). "Auyrvedic medicine". The Skeptic's Dictionary. John Wiley & Sons. p. 48. ISBN 978-1-118-04563-3. 
^ Stanley, Alessandra. "A Plan to Rank 'Just' Companies Aims to Close the Wealth Gap". The New York Times. Retrieved February 8, 2016. 
^ Field, Anne. "Impact Investing Experts Weigh in on Paul Tudor Jones' JUST Capital". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2016. 
^ Maureen Seaberg. "Let's Raise ISHAR!". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ "State.com/about". Retrieved September 9, 2013. 
^ Jane Kelly (October 9, 2013). "Chopra and Huffington to Hold a Public Meditation on the Lawn Oct. 15". UVAToday. 
^ Anne Cukier (January 22, 2014). "Sages and Scientists Symposium 2014". Zapaday. 
^ "NAMA's Board of Advisors".
^ a b Butler, J. Thomas (July 1, 2011). Consumer Health: Making Informed Decisions. Jones & Bartlett Publishers. pp. 117–. ISBN 978-1-4496-7543-1. 
^ "Gallup Senior Scientists". Gallup.com. Archived from the original on February 16, 2011. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Belton, Beth (June 25, 2013). "Men's Wearhouse fires back at George Zimmer". USA Today. Retrieved July 10, 2013. 
^ David Segal, "Deepak Chopra And a New Age Of Comic Books", The Washington Post, March 3, 2007.
^ Robbins, Gary (March 15, 2016). "UCSD deepens ties with Deepak Chopra". U-T San Diego. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "What Is Consciousness & Where Is It?", discussion with Rudolph Tanzi, Menas Kafatos and Lothar Schäfer, Science and Nonduality Conference, 2013, 08:12 mins.

Attila Grandpierre, Deepak Chopra, P. Murali Doraiswamy, Rudolph Tanzi, Menas C. Kafatos, "A Multidisciplinary Approach to Mind and Consciousness", NeuroQuantology, 11(4), December 2013 (pp. 607–617), p. 609.


^ Deepak Chopra, Stuart Hameroff, "The 'Quantum Soul': A Scientific Hypothesis," in Alexander Moreira-Almeida, Franklin Santana Santos (eds.), Exploring Frontiers of the Mind-Brain Relationship, Springer, 2011 (pp. 79–93), p. 85.
^ Chopra, Deepak (2009) [1989]. Quantum Healing: Exploring the Frontiers of Mind Body Medicine. Random House. pp. 71–72, 74. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "Dangerous Ideas: Deepak Chopra & Richard Dawkins",[dead link] University of Puebla, November 9, 2013, 26:23 mins.

Also see Deepak Chopra, Menas Kafatos, Rudolph E. Tanzi, "From Quanta to Qualia: The Mystery of Reality (Part 1)", "(Part 2)", "(Part 3)", "(Part 4)", The Huffington Post, October 8, 15, 29 and November 12, 2012.


^ "India Today Conclave 2015: Darwin was wrong, says Deepak Chopra". India Today. March 13, 2015. 
As quoted by Steve Newton (April 8, 2015). "Why Does Deepak Chopra Hate Me?". NCSE blog. 
As quoted by Valerie Strauss (May 20, 2015). "Deepak Chopra blasts scientist who criticized his view of evolution. The scientist fires back.". The Washington Post (blog). 
^ Deepak Chopra and Leonard Mlodinow, War of the Worldviews, Random House, 2011, p. 123.
^ O'Neill, Ian (May 26, 2011). "Does Quantum Theory Explain Consciousness?". Discovery News. Discovery Communications, LLC. Retrieved August 11, 2014. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "Deepak Chopra Meditation", courtesy of YouTube, December 10, 2012.
^ "Deepak Chopra and the Chopra Center". ReligionFacts.com. Retrieved July 22, 2014. 
^ "Oprah Winfrey & Deepak Chopra Launch All-New Meditation Experience 'Expanding Your Happiness'". Broadway World. Retrieved July 22, 2014. 
^ For imbalance, see Baer 2004, p. 128; for the rest, Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 222–224, 234ff.
^ "Ayurvedic medicine". Cancer Research UK. There is no scientific evidence to prove that Ayurvedic medicine can treat or cure cancer or any other disease. 
^ Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 15, 241; Deepak Chopra, "Healing wisdom", The Chopra Center, June 12, 2013.

That he uses the term "quantum healing" as a metaphor, see Richard Dawkins, "Interview with Chopra", The Enemies of Reason, Channel 4 (UK), 2007, 01:16 mins.


^ Suzanne Newcombe, "Ayurvedic Medicine in Britain and the Epistemology of Practicing Medicine in Good Faith," in Smith and Wujastyk 2008, pp. 263–264; Kenneth Zysk, "New Age Ayurveda or what happens to Indian medicine when it comes to America," Traditional South Asian Medicine, 6, 2001, pp. 10–26. Also see Francoise Jeannotat, "Maharishi Ayur-veda," in Smith and Wujastyk 2008, p. 285ff.
^ John W. Zamarra, "Quantum Healing: Exploring the frontiers of mind/body medicine", New England Journal of Medicine, 321, December 14, 1989.
^ Cox, Brian (February 20, 2012). "Why Quantum Theory Is So Misunderstood – Speakeasy – WSJ". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "'Magic' of Quantum Physics". Aske-skeptics.org.uk. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ Park 2000, p. 137; Victor J. Stenger (2007). "Quantum Quackery". Skeptical Inquirer. 27 (1): 37. ; "Winners of the Ig Nobel Prize". Improbable Research. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 

Brian Cox says that "for some scientists, the unfortunate distortion and misappropriation of scientific ideas that often accompanies their integration into popular culture is an unacceptable price to pay." See Brian Cox (February 20, 2012). "Why Quantum Theory Is So Misunderstood". The Wall Street Journal. 
The main criticism revolves around the fact that macroscopic objects are too large to exhibit inherently quantum properties like interference and wave function collapse. Most literature on quantum healing is almost entirely theosophical, omitting the rigorous mathematics that makes quantum electrodynamics possible. See Doug Bramwell. "'Magic' of Quantum Physics". Association for Skeptical Enquiry. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 


^ Richard Dawkins, "Interview with Chopra", The Enemies of Reason, Channel 4 (UK), 2007; Deepak Chopra, "Richard Dawkins Plays God: The Video (Updated)", The Huffington Post, June 19, 2013.
^ Dann Dulin, "The Medicine Man", interview with Deepak Chopra, A&U magazine, 2000.
^ Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 37, 237, 239–241.
^ Lawrence J. Schneiderman (2003). "The (Alternative) Medicalization of Life". Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics. 31 (2): 192. PMID 12964263. doi:10.1111/j.1748-720X.2003.tb00080.x. 
^ a b c d Wanjek, Christopher (2003). Bad Medicine: Misconceptions and Misuses Revealed, from Distance Healing to Vitamin O. Wiley Bad Science Series. John Wiley & Sons. pp. 224–. ISBN 978-0-471-46315-3. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Posner, Gary P (2001). "Hardly a Prayer on ABC's 20/20 Downtown". Skeptical Inquirer (November/December). 
^ Deepak, Deepak (October 17, 2012). "I Will Not Be Pleased – Your Health and the Nocebo Effect". San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ Dare, Stephen (March 15, 2016). "Stephen Dare Interviews Deepak Chopra". Metro Jacksonville. 
^ For Time, Peter Rowe, "Truly, madly, deeply Deepak Chopra," U-T San Diego, May 3, 2014, p. 1; for Clinton, Public Papers of the presidents of the United States: William J. Clinton, 2000–2001, January 1 to June 26, 2000, Government Printing Office, 2001, p. 508; for Gorbachev and the quote, Cosmo Landesman, "There's an easy way to save the world," The Sunday Times, May 8, 2005.
^ George M. O'Har (2000). "Magic in the Machine Age". Technology and Culture. 41 (4): 864. JSTOR 25147641. doi:10.1353/tech.2000.0174. 
^ Paul Kurtz, Skepticism and Humanism: The New Paradigm, Transaction Publishers, 2001, p. 110; Wendy Kaminer (2008). "The Corrosion of the American Mind". The Wilson Quarterly. 32 (2): 92. JSTOR 40262377. 
^ Henderson, Mark (February 7, 2004). "Junk medicine; The triumph of mumbo jumbo". The Times (Book review). p. 4. 
^ Francis Wheen (July 6, 2005). How Mumbo-Jumbo Conquered the World: A Short History of Modern Delusions. PublicAffairs. pp. 46–. ISBN 978-0-7867-2352-2. 
^ Stephen Barrett. "A Few Thoughts on Ayurvedic Mumbo-Jumbo". Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Moukheiber, Zina (1994). "Lord of immortality". Forbes (Book review). 153 (8): 132. 
^ Lois Malcolm (2003). "God as best seller: Deepak Chopra, Neal Walsch and New Age theology". The Christian Century. 120 (19): 31.  commenting on Deepak Chopra (2008). How To Know God. Ebury Publishing. ISBN 978-1-4090-2220-6. 
^ Blau, Evelyne (May 1995). Krishnamurti: 100 Years. Stewart, Tabori, & Chang. p. 233. ISBN 978-1-55670-407-9. 
^ Alford, Mark (2012). "Is science the antidote to Deepak Chopra's spirituality?". Skeptical Inquirer. 36 (3): 54. Archived from the original on November 5, 2012. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (August 23, 2005). "Intelligent Design Without the Bible". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Shermer, Michael (March 28, 2008). "Skyhooks and Cranes: Deepak Chopra, George W. Bush, and Intelligent Design". The Huffington Post. Retrieved November 30, 2008. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (August 24, 2005). "Rescuing Intelligent Design – But from Whom?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Paul Kurtz (2001). Skepticism and Humanism: The New Paradigm. Transaction Publishers. p. 110. ISBN 978-1-4128-3411-7. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ a b Coyne, Jerry A (November 8, 2013). "Pseudoscientist Rupert Sheldrake Is Not Being Persecuted, And Is Not Like Galileo". The New Republic. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (November 30, 2009). "The Perils of Skepticism". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Plait, Phil (December 1, 2009). "Deepak Chopra: redefining 'wrong'". Discover. 
^ Orzel, Chad (October 11, 2013). "Malcolm Gladwell Is Deepak Chopra". ScienceBlogs. Retrieved October 13, 2013. 
^ O'Har, George M (2000). "Magic in the Machine Age". Technology and Culture. 41 (4): 862–864. doi:10.1353/tech.2000.0174. 
^ Stenger, Victor J (1997). "Quantum Quackery". Skeptical Inquirer. 21 (1): 37-. 
^ "Winners of the Ig Nobel Prize". Improbable Research. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ "The Enemies of Reason". Channel 4. 
^ "Study Finds People Who Fall For Nonsense Inspirational Quotes Are Less Intelligent". The Huffington Post. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Pennycook, Gordon; et al. (November 2015). "On the reception and detection of pseudo-profound b......t". Judgment and Decision Making. Pennsylvania: Society for Judgment and Decision Making (SJDM) and the European Association for Decision Making (EADM). 10 (6): 549–563. Retrieved December 3, 2015. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "April 28, 2010". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "Dr. Chopra: Honor thy heritage". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "On Faith Panelists Blog: Hinduism and Sanatana Dharma: One and the same – Aseem Shukla". The Washington Post. Retrieved July 9, 2010. 
^ Hari M. Sharma; B. D. Triguna; Deepak Chopra (May 22, 1991). "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Modern insights into ancient medicine". Journal of the American Medical Association. 265 (20): 2633–4, 2637. PMID 1817464. doi:10.1001/jama.265.20.2633. 
^ "Financial Disclosure". JAMA. 266 (6): 798. August 14, 1991. doi:10.1001/jama.1991.03470060060025. ; Andrew A. Skolnick (October 2, 1991). "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Guru's marketing scheme promises the world eternal 'perfect health'". JAMA. 266 (13): 1741–1750. PMID 1817475. doi:10.1001/jama.1991.03470130017003. .

Also see Andrew A. Skolnick (Fall 1991). "The Maharhish Caper: Or How to Hoodwink Top Medical Journals". ScienceWriters. 


^ Robert Barnett; Cathy Sears (October 11, 1991). "JAMA gets into an Indian herbal jam". Science. 254 (5029): 188–189. JSTOR 2885745. PMID 1925571. doi:10.1126/science.1925571. 
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31; "Deepak's Days in Court". The New York Times. August 18, 1996. 
^ Kazak, Don (March 5, 1997). "matDon Kazak, "Book Talk", Time (March 5, 1997)". paloaltoonline.com. Retrieved August 1, 2012. 
^ TNN (April 15, 2001). "The Times of India, Halyeema Sayed, The Mind-Body, April 15, 2001". The Times of India. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Harper Collins author bio.
^ Presley Noble, Barbara (April 2, 1995). "SPENDING IT: OFF THE SHELF; Habits of Highly Effective Authors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 
^ McGee, Micki (August 10, 2005). Self-Help, Inc.: Makeover Culture in American Life. Oxford University Press. pp. 71–. ISBN 978-0-19-988368-4. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 


Further reading[edit]


Butler, J. Thomas. "Ayurveda," in Consumer Health: Making Informed Decisions, Jones & Bartlett Publishers, 2011, pp. 117–118.
Butler, Kurt and Barrett, Stephen (1992). A Consumer's Guide to "Alternative Medicine": A Close Look at Homeopathy, Acupuncture, Faith-healing, and Other Unconventional Treatments. Prometheus Books, pp. 110–116. ISBN 978-0-87975-733-5.
Kaeser, Eduard (July 2013). "Science kitsch and pop science: A reconnaissance". Public Understanding of Science. 22 (5): 559–69. PMID 23833170. doi:10.1177/0963662513489390. 
Kafatos, Menas, Nadeau, Robert. The Conscious Universe: Parts and Wholes in Physical Reality, Springer, 2013.
Nacson, Leon (1998). Deepak Chopra: How to Live in a World of Infinite Possibilities. Random House. ISBN 0-09-183673-5. 
Scherer, Jochen. "The 'scientific' presentation and legitimation of the teaching of synchronicity in New Age literature," in James R. Lewis, Olav Hammer (eds.), Handbook of Religion and the Authority of Science, Brill Academic Publishers, 2010.


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


New Age movement



Non-exclusive
Themes



Age of Aquarius
Akashic records
Alternative medicine
Ancient astronauts
Angels
Animism
Ascended master
Astral projection
Astrology
Atlantis
Aura
Conspiracy theories
Contactee
Cosmic ordering
Crystal healing
Earth Changes
Earth mysteries
Ecofeminism
Energy
Environmentalism
Faith healing
Feng shui
Gaia hypothesis
Gaia philosophy
Gnosis
Goddess movement
Idealism
Indigo children
Intuition
Karma
Law of attraction
Lemuria
Magic
Meditation
Mediumship
Michael Teachings
New Age communities
New Age music
Odic force
Paganism
Pantheism
Parapsychology
Perception
Perennial philosophy
Quantum mysticism
Qi
Reincarnation
Religious pluralism
Supernatural
Tantra
UFOs
Veganism
Vegetarianism
Wellness
Yoga





Proponents or
individual
influences



José Argüelles
Richard Bach
Alice Bailey
Annie Besant
Helena Blavatsky
William Bloom
Gregg Braden
Rhonda Byrne
Eileen Caddy
Marjorie Cameron
Lee Carroll
Edgar Cayce
Deepak Chopra
Andrew Cohen
Benjamin Creme
Aleister Crowley
Scott Cunningham
Adi Da
Ram Dass
Wayne Dyer
Werner Erhard
Marilyn Ferguson
Debbie Ford
Gandalf
Linda Goodman
Glenda Green
Alex Grey
Michael Harner
Esther Hicks
Barbara Marx Hubbard
David Icke
Timothy Leary
John Lilly
Max Freedom Long
Shirley MacLaine
Leon MacLaren
Terence McKenna
Corinne McLaughlin
Michael Mirdad
Leonard Orr
Jack Parsons
Daniel Quinn
James Redfield
Wilhelm Reich
Jane Roberts
Helena Roerich
Mark Satin
Helen Schucman
John Selby
Ravi Shankar
David Spangler
Joshua David Stone
Ingo Swann
Michael Talbot
William Thetford
Eckhart Tolle
Neale Donald Walsch
Ken Wilber
Stuart Wilde
Marianne Williamson
Robert Anton Wilson
Oprah Winfrey
Fred Alan Wolf
Roger Woolger
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi





Other
influences



Advaita Vedanta
Animism
Anthroposophy
Ariosophy
Ascended Master Teachings
Astrology
Beat Generation
Buddhism
Cannabis culture
Cognitive science
Conspiracy theories
Discordianism
Eight-circuit model of consciousness
Entheogens
Esoteric Christianity
Esotericism
Freemasonry
Fringe science
Gay liberation
Gnosticism
Hermeticism
Hinduism
Hippie subculture
Human Potential Movement
Huna
Integral theory
Kabbalah
Leather subculture
Metaphysics
Neuro-linguistic programming
New Thought
Nonviolence
Occultism
Paganism

Neo-Druidism
Wicca


Postmodernism
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudoscience
Psychedelic music
Quantum mechanics
Rastafari movement
Rosicrucianism
School of Economic Science
Science fiction
Seth Material
Shamanism
Shinto
Spiritism
Spiritualism
Spirituality
Sufism
Taoism
Thelema
Theosophy
Traditionalist School
Transhumanism
Transpersonal psychology
Zen












v
t
e


Pseudoscience



Terminology



Cargo cult science
Charlatan
Crank
Fringe theory

Fringe science
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudohistory


Junk science
Paranormal
Pathological science
Quackery
Snake oil
Superseded scientific theories
True-believer syndrome
Voodoo science





Examples



2012 phenomenon
Acupuncture
Alchemy
Alternative medicine
Ancient astronauts
Anthroposophic medicine
Applied kinesiology
Astrology
Bates method
Biodynamic agriculture
Bloodletting
Body memory
Catastrophism
Chiropractic
Chromotherapy
Conspiracy theory

9/11 conspiracy theories
Chemtrail conspiracy theory
Climate change denial
Moon landing conspiracy theories


Conversion therapy
Creation science
Crystal healing
Cryptozoology
Detoxification

Colon cleansing


Dianetics
Dowsing
Ear candling
Electromagnetic hypersensitivity
Electronic Voice Phenomenon
Feng shui
Flat Earth Theory
Germ theory denialism
Graphology
HIV/AIDS denialism
Hollow Earth theory
Homeopathy
Humorism
Indigo children
Intelligent design
Japhetic theory
Levitation
Lunar effect
Lysenkoism
Magnet therapy
Mediumship
Naturopathy
Nazi archaeology
Nibiru cataclysm
Numerology
Perpetual motion
Orgone
Phrenology
Polygraph
Primal therapy
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudohistory

Genocide denial
Historical negationism
Holocaust denial


Pseudoscientific metrology
Psychohistory
Quantum mysticism
Recovered-memory therapy
Reiki
Scientific racism

Aryan race
Melanin theory


Trepanning
Ufology
Voice stress analysis





Related topics



Bourgeois pseudoscience
Suppressed research in the Soviet Union





Resources



Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
Cults of Unreason
Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience
Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science
Quackwatch
JREF
The Psychology of the Occult
The Ragged Edge of Science
The Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience
Skeptical Inquirer
The Skeptic's Dictionary






List of topics characterized as pseudoscience










v
t
e


Transcendental Meditation



Programs



History of Transcendental Meditation
Maharishi Peace Palace
Maharishi Vastu Architecture
Maharishi Vedic Approach to Health
Transcendental Meditation in education
Transcendental Meditation technique





Organizations



David Lynch Foundation (US)
Global Country of World Peace
Maharishi Heaven on Earth Development
Natural Law Party
Natural Law Party of Canada
Natural Law Party (United States)
Transcendental Meditation movement





Education



Maharishi Institute of Management (IN)
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi Vedic University (IN)
Maharishi School (UK)
Maharishi School of the Age of Enlightenment (US)
Maharishi University of Management and Technology (IN)
Maharishi University of Management (US)
Maharishi Vidya Mandir Schools (IN)





People



Ashley Deans
Bevan Morris
Brahmananda Saraswati
David Lynch
David Orme-Johnson
Deepak Chopra
John Hagelin
Nancy Cooke de Herrera
List of people who have learned Transcendental Meditation
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
Nancy Lonsdorf
Prudence Farrow
Tony Nader
The Beatles in India





Places



Fairfield, Iowa (US)
Golden Domes (US)
Hararit (IL)
Kolleg St. Ludwig (NL)
Maharishi Vedic City, Iowa (US)





Media



Catching the Big Fish
David Wants to Fly
KSCI
TM and Cult Mania
Transcendence: Healing and Transformation Through Transcendental Meditation








Find out more on Wikipedia's
Sister projects


Media
from Commons
Quotations
from Wikiquote
Data
from Wikidata







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 34491177
LCCN: n86130779
ISNI: 0000 0001 1556 5934
GND: 115460624
SUDOC: 029724503
BNF: cb12128712w (data)
MusicBrainz: bc1fbace-7ef8-48d6-a413-65ab9a227bdc
BNE: XX1049304










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Deepak_Chopra&oldid=791414599"					
Categories: 1946 birthsAll India Institute of Medical Sciences alumniAmerican male writers of Indian descentAmerican spiritual writersAyurvedacharyasCelebrity doctorsIndian emigrants to the United States20th-century Indian medical doctorsIndian motivational speakersIndian self-help writersIndian spiritual writersLiving peopleNautilus Book Award winnersNew Age spiritual leadersNew Age writersPeople from New DelhiPeople in alternative medicineQuantum mysticismRecipients of the Medal of the Presidency of the Italian RepublicSelf-published authorsSt. Columba's School, Delhi alumniThe Huffington Post writers and columnistsTranscendental Meditation practitionersSiddha medicineHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Wikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from October 2016Use American English from April 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishBiography template using pronunciationArticles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Articles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2006Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2013Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2005Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2015Pages using refbegin with normalfont parameterWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersUse American English from March 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةتۆرکجهБългарскиCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीItalianoעבריתKapampanganമലയാളംमराठीNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeاردو 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 03:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Deepak Chopra - Wikipedia






















 







Deepak Chopra

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 20 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Deepak Chopra (disambiguation).


Deepak Chopra



Chopra in 2006



Pronunciation
/ˈdiːpɑːk ˈtʃoʊprə/ Hindustani: [d̪iːpək tʃoːpraː]


Born
(1946-10-22) October 22, 1946 (age 70)[1]
New Delhi, British India


Nationality
American[2]


Alma mater
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi


Occupation
Alternative medicine advocate, public speaker, writer


Spouse(s)
Rita Chopra


Children
Mallika Chopra and Gotham Chopra


Parent(s)
Krishan Chopra, Pushpa Chopra


Relatives
Sanjiv Chopra (brother)


Website
Official website


Deepak Chopra (born October 22, 1946) is an American author, public speaker, alternative medicine advocate, and a prominent figure in the New Age movement.[3][4][5] Through his books and videos, he has become one of the best-known and wealthiest figures in alternative medicine.[6]
Chopra studied medicine in India before emigrating to the United States in 1970 where he completed residencies in internal medicine and endocrinology. As a licensed physician, he became chief of staff at the New England Memorial Hospital (NEMH) in 1980.[7] He met Maharishi Mahesh Yogi in 1985 and became involved with the Transcendental Meditation movement (TM). He resigned his position at NEMH shortly thereafter to establish the Maharishi Ayurveda Health Center.[8] Chopra gained a following in 1993 after his interview on The Oprah Winfrey Show regarding his books.[9] He then left the TM movement to become the executive director of Sharp HealthCare's Center for Mind-Body Medicine and in 1996 he co-founded the Chopra Center for Wellbeing.[7][8][10]
Chopra believes that a person may attain "perfect health", a condition "that is free from disease, that never feels pain", and "that cannot age or die".[11][12] Seeing the human body as being undergirded by a "quantum mechanical body" composed not of matter but of energy and information, he believes that "human aging is fluid and changeable; it can speed up, slow down, stop for a time, and even reverse itself," as determined by one's state of mind.[11][13] He claims that his practices can also treat chronic disease.[14][15] As of 2014[update], Deepak Chopra lived in a "health-centric" condominium in Manhattan.[16]
The ideas Chopra promotes have been regularly criticized by medical and scientific professionals as pseudoscience.[17][18][19][20] This criticism has been described as ranging "from dismissive [to] damning".[17] For example, Robert Carroll states Chopra attempts to integrate Ayurveda with quantum mechanics to justify his teachings.[21] Chopra argues that what he calls "quantum healing" cures any manner of ailments, including cancer, through effects that he claims are literally based on the same principles as quantum mechanics.[15] This has led physicists to object to his use of the term quantum in reference to medical conditions and the human body.[15] His treatments benefit from the placebo response,[6] and some argue that his claims for the effectiveness of alternative medicine can lure sick people away from medical treatments.[17] He is placed by David Gorski among the "quacks", "cranks" and "purveyors of woo", and described as "arrogantly obstinate".[22] Richard Dawkins publicly exposed Chopra, accusing him of using "quantum jargon as plausible-sounding hocus pocus".[citation needed]



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life and education
1.2 East Coast years
1.3 West Coast years
1.4 Alternative medicine business
1.5 Teaching and other roles


2 Ideas and reception

2.1 Consciousness
2.2 Approach to health care
2.3 Alternative medicine
2.4 Aging
2.5 Spirituality and religion
2.6 Position on skepticism
2.7 Use of scientific terminology
2.8 Yoga


3 Legal actions
4 Select bibliography
5 See also
6 References
7 Further reading
8 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life and education[edit]
Chopra was born in New Delhi, India,[23] to Krishan Lal Chopra (1919–2001) and Pushpa Chopra.[24]
His paternal grandfather was a sergeant in the British Indian Army. His father was a prominent cardiologist, head of the department of medicine and cardiology at New Delhi's Moolchand Khairati Ram Hospital for over 25 years; he was also a lieutenant in the British army, serving as an army doctor at the front at Burma and acting as a medical adviser to Lord Mountbatten, viceroy of India.[25] As of 2014[update] Chopra's younger brother, Sanjiv Chopra, is a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School and on staff at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.[26]
Chopra completed his primary education at St. Columba's School in New Delhi and graduated from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in 1969.[citation needed][27] He spent his first months as a doctor working in rural India, including, he writes, six months in a village where the lights went out whenever it rained.[28] It was during his early career that he was drawn to study endocrinology, particularly neuroendocrinology, to find a biological basis for the influence of thoughts and emotions.[29]
He married in India in 1970 before emigrating with his wife that year to the United States.[9] The Indian government had banned its doctors from sitting the American Medical Association exam needed to practice in the USA, so Chopra had to travel to Sri Lanka to take it. After passing he arrived in the United States to take up a clinical internship at Muhlenberg Hospital in Plainfield, New Jersey, where doctors from overseas were being recruited to replace those serving in Vietnam.[30]
Between 1971 and 1977 he completed residencies in internal medicine at the Lahey Clinic in Burlington, Massachusetts, the VA Medical Center, St Elizabeth's Medical Center and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston.[31] He earned his license to practice medicine in the state of Massachusetts in 1973, becoming board certified in internal medicine, specializing in endocrinology.[32]
East Coast years[edit]
Chopra taught at the medical schools of Tufts University, Boston University and Harvard University,[33][34][35] and became Chief of Staff at the New England Memorial Hospital (NEMH) (later known as the Boston Regional Medical Center) in Stoneham, Massachusetts, before establishing a private practice in Boston in endocrinology.[36]




Maharishi Mahesh Yogi was an influence on Chopra in the 1980s


While visiting New Delhi in 1981, he met the physician Brihaspati Dev Triguna, head of the Indian Council for Ayurvedic Medicine, whose advice prompted him to begin investigating Ayurvedic practices.[37] Chopra was "drinking black coffee by the hour and smoking at least a pack of cigarettes a day".[38] He took up Transcendental Meditation to help him stop; as of 2006[update] he continued to meditate for two hours every morning and half an hour in the evening.[39]
Chopra's involvement with TM led to a meeting, in 1985, with the leader of the TM movement, Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, who asked him to establish an Ayurvedic health center.[8][40] He left his position at the NEMH. Chopra said that one of the reasons he left was his disenchantment at having to prescribe too many drugs: "[W]hen all you do is prescribe medication, you start to feel like a legalized drug pusher. That doesn't mean that all prescriptions are useless, but it is true that 80 percent of all drugs prescribed today are of optional or marginal benefit."[41]
He became the founding president of the American Association of Ayurvedic Medicine, one of the founders of Maharishi Ayur-Veda Products International, and medical director of the Maharishi Ayur-Veda Health Center in Lancaster, Massachusetts. The center charged between $2,850 and $3,950 a week for Ayurvedic cleansing rituals such as massages, enemas and oil baths; TM lessons cost an additional $1,000. Celebrity patients included Elizabeth Taylor.[42] Chopra also became one of the TM movement's spokespersons. In 1989 the Maharishi awarded him the title "Dhanvantari of Heaven and Earth" (Dhanvantari is the Hindu physician to the gods).[43] That year Chopra's Quantum Healing: Exploring the Frontiers of Mind/Body Medicine was published, followed by Perfect Health: The Complete Mind/Body Guide (1990).[7]
West Coast years[edit]
In June 1993 he moved to California as executive director of Sharp HealthCare's Institute for Human Potential and Mind/Body Medicine, and head of their Center for Mind/Body Medicine, a clinic in an exclusive resort in Del Mar, California that charged $4,000 a week and included Michael Jackson's family among its clients.[44] Chopra and Jackson first met in 1988 and remained friends for 20 years. When Jackson died in 2009 after being administered prescription drugs, Chopra said he hoped it would be a call to action against the "cult of drug-pushing doctors, with their co-dependent relationships with addicted celebrities".[45][46]
Chopra left the Transcendental Meditation movement around the time he moved to California in January 1993.[47] By his own account, the Maharishi had accused him of competing for the Maharishi's position as guru,[48] although Chopra rejects identification as a "guru".[49] According to Robert Todd Carroll, Chopra left the TM organization when it "became too stressful" and was a "hindrance to his success".[50] Cynthia Ann Humes writes that the Maharishi was concerned, and not only with regard to Chopra, that rival systems were being taught at lower prices.[51] Chopra, for his part, was worried that his close association with the TM movement might prevent Ayurvedic medicine from being accepted as legitimate, particularly after the problems with the JAMA article.[52] He also stated that he had become uncomfortable with what seemed like a "cultish atmosphere around Maharishi".[53]
In 1995 Chopra was not licensed to practice medicine in California where he had a clinic; however, he did not see patients at this clinic "as a doctor" during this time.[54] In 2004 he received his California medical licence, and as of 2014[update] is affiliated with Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla, California.[55][56][57] Chopra is the owner and supervisor of the Mind-Body Medical Group within the Chopra Center, which in addition to standard medical treatment offers personalized advice about nutrition, sleep-wake cycles and stress management, based on mainstream medicine and Ayurveda.[58] He is a fellow of the American College of Physicians and member of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists.[59]
The couple had two adult children and three grandchildren as of 2013[update].[5] As of 2014[update], Deepak Chopra lived in a "health-centric" condominium in Manhattan.[16]
Alternative medicine business[edit]
Chopra's Ageless Body, Timeless Mind: The Quantum Alternative to Growing Old was published in 1993.[7] The book and his friendship with Michael Jackson gained him an interview on July 12 that year on Oprah, which made him a household name. Paul Offit writes that within 24 hours Chopra had sold 137,000 copies of his book and 400,000 by the end of the week.[60] Four days after the interview, the Maharishi National Council of the Age of Enlightenment wrote to TM centers in the United States, instructing them not to promote Chopra, and his name and books were removed from the movement's literature and health centers.[61] Neuroscientist Tony Nader became the movement's new "Dhanvantari of Heaven and Earth".[62]
Sharp HealthCare changed ownership in 1996 and Chopra left to set up the Chopra Center for Wellbeing with neurologist David Simon, now located at the Omni La Costa Resort and Spa in Carlsbad, California.[63] In his 2013 book Do You Believe in Magic?, Paul Offit writes that Chopra's business grosses approximately $20 million annually, and is built on the sale of various alternative medicine products such as herbal supplements, massage oils, books, videos and courses. A year's worth of products for "anti-ageing" can cost up to $10,000, Offit wrote.[64] Chopra himself is estimated to be worth over $80 million as of 2014[update].[65] As of 2005[update], according to Srinivas Aravamudan, he was able to charge $25,000 to $30,000 per lecture five or six times a month.[66] Medical anthropologist Hans Baer said Chopra was an example of a successful entrepreneur, but that he focused too much on serving the upper-class through an alternative to medical hegemony, rather than a truly holistic approach to health.[11]
Teaching and other roles[edit]
Chopra serves as an adjunct professor in the marketing division at Columbia Business School.[67] He serves as adjunct professor of executive programs at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.[68] He participates annually as a lecturer at the Update in Internal Medicine event sponsored by Harvard Medical School and the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.[69] Robert Carroll writes of Chopra charging $25,000 per lecture, "giving spiritual advice while warning against the ill effects of materialism".[70]
In 2015, Chopra partnered with businessman Paul Tudor Jones II to found JUST Capital, a non-profit which ranks companies in terms of just business practices in an effort to promote economic justice.[71][72] In 2014 Chopra founded ISHAR (Integrative Studies Historical Archive and Repository).[73] In 2012, Chopra joined the board of advisors for tech startup State.com, creating a browsable network of structured opinions.[74] In 2009 Chopra founded the Chopra Foundation, a tax-exempt 501(c) organization that raises funds to promote and research alternative health.[75] The Foundation sponsors annual Sages and Scientists conferences.[76] He sits on the board of advisors of the National Ayurvedic Medical Association.[77] Chopra founded the American Association for Ayurvedic Medicine (AAAM) and Maharishi AyurVeda Products International, though he later distanced himself from these organizations.[78] In 2005 Chopra was appointed as a senior scientist at The Gallup Organization.[79] Since 2004 he has been a board member of Men's Wearhouse, a men's clothing distributor.[80] In 2006 he launched Virgin Comics with his son Gotham Chopra and entrepreneur Richard Branson.[81] In 2016 Chopra was promoted from assistant professor to full professor at the University of California, San Diego in their Department of Family Medicine.[82]
Ideas and reception[edit]
Chopra believes that a person may attain "perfect health", a condition "that is free from disease, that never feels pain", and "that cannot age or die".[11][12] Seeing the human body as being undergirded by a "quantum mechanical body" comprised not of matter but of energy and information, he believes that "human aging is fluid and changeable; it can speed up, slow down, stop for a time, and even reverse itself," as determined by one's state of mind.[11][13] He claims that his practices can also treat chronic disease.[14][15]
Consciousness[edit]
Chopra speaks and writes regularly about metaphysics, including the study of consciousness and Vedanta philosophy. He is a philosophical idealist, arguing for the primacy of consciousness over matter and for teleology and intelligence in nature – that mind, or "dynamically active consciousness", is a fundamental feature of the universe.[83]
In this view, consciousness is both subject and object.[84] It is consciousness, he writes, that creates reality; we are not "physical machines that have somehow learned to think...[but] thoughts that have learned to create a physical machine".[85] He argues that the evolution of species is the evolution of consciousness seeking to express itself as multiple observers; the universe experiences itself through our brains: "We are the eyes of the universe looking at itself".[86] He has been quoted as saying "Charles Darwin was wrong. Consciousness is key to evolution and we will soon prove that."[87] He opposes reductionist thinking in science and medicine, arguing that we can trace the physical structure of the body down to the molecular level and still have no explanation for beliefs, desires, memory and creativity.[88] In his book Quantum Healing, Chopra stated the conclusion that quantum entanglement links everything in the Universe, and therefore it must create consciousness.[89]
Approach to health care [edit]




Deepak Chopra at the Clinton "Health Matters" Conference in La Quinta, California, January 14, 2013


Chopra argues that everything that happens in the mind and brain is physically represented elsewhere in the body, with mental states (thoughts, feelings, perceptions and memories) directly influencing physiology by means of neurotransmitters such as dopamine, oxytocin and serotonin. He has stated, "Your mind, your body and your consciousness – which is your spirit – and your social interactions, your personal relationships, your environment, how you deal with the environment, and your biology are all inextricably woven into a single process … By influencing one, you influence everything."[90]
Chopra and physicians at the Chopra Center practise integrative medicine, combining the medical model of conventional Western medicine with alternative therapies such as yoga, mindfulness meditation, and Ayurveda.[91][92] According to Ayurveda, illness is caused by an imbalance in the patient's doshas or humours, and is treated with diet, exercise and meditative practices[93] – based on the medical evidence there is, however, nothing in Ayurvedic medicine that is known to be effective at treating disease, and some preparations may be actively harmful, although meditation may be useful in promoting general wellbeing.[94]
In discussing health care, Chopra has used the term "quantum healing", which he defined in Quantum Healing (1989) as the "ability of one mode of consciousness (the mind) to spontaneously correct the mistakes in another mode of consciousness (the body)".[95] This attempted to wed the Maharishi's version of Ayurvedic medicine with concepts from physics, an example of what cultural historian Kenneth Zysk called "New Age Ayurveda".[96] The book introduced Chopra's view that a person's thoughts and feelings give rise to all cellular processes.[97]
Chopra coined the term quantum healing to invoke the idea of a process whereby a person's health "imbalance" is corrected by quantum mechanical means. Chopra said that quantum phenomena are responsible for health and wellbeing. He has attempted to integrate Ayurveda, a traditional Indian system of medicine, with quantum mechanics, in order to justify his teachings. According to Robert Carroll, he "charges $25,000 per lecture performance, where he spouts a few platitudes and gives spiritual advice while warning against the ill effects of materialism".[21]
Chopra has equated spontaneous remission in cancer to a change in quantum state, corresponding to a jump to "a new level of consciousness that prohibits the existence of cancer". Physics professor Robert L. Park has written that physicists "wince" at the "New Age quackery" in Chopra's cancer theories, and characterizes them as a cruel fiction, since adopting them in place of effective treatment risks compounding the ill effects of the disease with guilt, and might rule out the prospect of getting a genuine cure.[15]
Chopra's claims of quantum healing have attracted controversy due to what has been described as a "systematic misinterpretation" of modern physics.[98] Chopra's connections between quantum mechanics and alternative medicine are widely regarded in the scientific community as being invalid. The main criticism revolves around the fact that macroscopic objects are too large to exhibit inherently quantum properties like interference and wave function collapse. Most literature on quantum healing is almost entirely theosophical, omitting the rigorous mathematics that makes quantum electrodynamics possible.[99]
Physicists have objected to Chopra's use of terms from quantum physics; he was awarded the satirical Ig Nobel Prize in physics in 1998 for "his unique interpretation of quantum physics as it applies to life, liberty, and the pursuit of economic happiness".[100] When Chopra and Jean Houston debated Sam Harris and Michael Shermer in 2010 on the question "Does God Have a Future?", Harris argued that Chopra's use of "spooky physics" merged two language games in a "completely unprincipled way".[18] Interviewed in 2007 by Richard Dawkins, Chopra said that he used the term quantum as a metaphor when discussing healing and that it had little to do with quantum theory in physics.[101]
Chopra wrote in 2000 that his AIDS patients were combining mainstream medicine with activities based on Ayurveda, including taking herbs, meditation and yoga.[102] He acknowledges that AIDS is caused by the HIV virus, but says that, "'[h]earing' the virus in its vicinity, the DNA mistakes it for a friendly or compatible sound". Ayurveda uses vibrations which are said to correct this supposed sound distortion.[103] Medical professor Lawrence Schneiderman writes that Chopra's treatment has "to put it mildly...no supporting empirical data".[104]
In 2001, ABC News aired a show segment on the topic of distance healing and prayer.[105] In it Chopra said that "there is a realm of reality that goes beyond the physical where in fact we can influence each other from a distance".[105] Chopra was shown using his claimed mental powers in an attempt to relax a person in another room, whose vital signs were recorded in charts which were said to show a correspondence between Chopra's periods of concentration and the subject's periods of relaxation.[105] After the show, a poll of its viewers found that 90% of them believed in distance healing.[106] Health and science journalist Christopher Wanjek has criticized the experiment, saying that any correspondence evident from the charts would prove nothing, but that even so freezing the frame of the video showed the correspondences were not so close as claimed. Wanjek characterized the broadcast as "an instructive example of how bad medicine is presented as exciting news" which had "a dependence on unusual or sensational science results that others in the scientific community renounce as unsound".[105]
Alternative medicine[edit]
See also: Maharishi Vedic Approach to Health
Chopra has been described as "America's most prominent spokesman for Ayurveda".[78] His treatments benefit from the placebo response.[6] Chopra states "The placebo effect is real medicine, because it triggers the body's healing system."[107]
Chopra has metaphorically described the AIDS virus as emitting "a sound that lures the DNA to its destruction". The condition can be treated, according to Chopra, with "Ayurveda's primordial sound".[14] Taking issue with this view, medical professor Lawrence Schneiderman has said that ethical issues are raised when alternative medicine is not based on empirical evidence and that, "to put it mildly, Dr. Chopra proposes a treatment and prevention program for AIDS that has no supporting empirical data".[14]
He is placed by David Gorski among the "quacks", "cranks" and "purveyors of woo", and described as "arrogantly obstinate".[22] The New York Times in 2013 stated that Deepak Chopra is "the controversial New Age guru and booster of alternative medicine".[5] The Time magazine stated that he is "the poet-prophet of alternative medicine."[108] He has become one of the best-known and wealthiest figures in the holistic-health movement.[6] The Times argued that his publishers have used his medical degree on the covers of his books as a way to promote the books and buttress their claims.[54] In 1999 Time magazine included Chopra in its list of the 20th century's heroes and icons. The following year Mikhail Gorbachev referred to him as "one of the most lucid and inspired philosophers of our time". Cosmo Landesman wrote in 2005 that Chopra was "hardly a man now, more a lucrative new age brand – the David Beckham of personal/spiritual growth".[109] A 2008 Time magazine article by Ptolemy Tompkins commented that for most of his career Chopra had been a "magnet for criticism", and most of it was from the medical and scientific professionals.[17] Opinions ranged from the "dismissive" to the "outright damning".[17] Chopra's claims for the effectiveness of alternative medicine can, some have argued, lure sick people away from medical treatments.[17] Tompkins however considered Chopra a "beloved" individual whose basic messages centered on "love, health and happiness" had made him rich because of their popular appeal.[17] English professor George O'Har argues that Chopra exemplifies the need of human beings for meaning and spirit in their lives, and places what he calls Chopra's "sophistries" alongside the emotivism of Oprah Winfrey.[110] Paul Kurtz writes that Chopra's "regnant spirituality" is reinforced by postmodern criticism of the notion of objectivity in science, while Wendy Kaminer equates Chopra's views with irrational belief systems such as New Thought, Christian Science, and Scientology.[111]
Aging[edit]
Chopra believes that "ageing is simply learned behaviour" that can be slowed or prevented.[112] Chopra has said that he expects "to live way beyond 100".[113] He states that "by consciously using our awareness, we can influence the way we age biologically...You can tell your body not to age."[114] Conversely, Chopra also says that ageing can be accelerated, for example by a person engaging in "cynical mistrust".[115]
Robert Todd Carroll has characterized Chopra's promotion of lengthened life as a selling of "hope" that seems to be "a false hope based on an unscientific imagination steeped in mysticism and cheerily dispensed gibberish".[21]
Spirituality and religion[edit]
Chopra has likened the universe to a "reality sandwich" which has three layers: the "material" world, a "quantum" zone of matter and energy, and a "virtual" zone outside of time and space, which is the domain of God, and from which God can direct the other layers. Chopra has written that human beings' brains are "hardwired to know God" and that the functions of the human nervous system mirror divine experience.[116] Chopra has written that his thinking has been inspired by Jiddu Krishnamurti, a 20th-century speaker and writer on philosophical and spiritual subjects.[117]
In 2012, reviewing War of the Worldviews – a book co-authored by Chopra and Leonard Mlodinow – physics professor Mark Alford says that the work is set out as a debate between the two authors, "[covering] all the big questions: cosmology, life and evolution, the mind and brain, and God". Alford considers the two sides of the debate a false opposition, and says that "the counterpoint to Chopra's speculations is not science, with its complicated structure of facts, theories, and hypotheses," but rather Occam's razor.[118]
In August 2005, Chopra wrote a series of articles on the creation-evolution controversy and Intelligent design, which were criticized by science writer Michael Shermer, founder of The Skeptics Society.[119][120][121] In 2010, Shermer said that Chopra is "the very definition of what we mean by pseudoscience".[18]
Position on skepticism[edit]
Paul Kurtz, an American skeptic and secular humanist, has written that the popularity of Chopra's views is associated with increasing anti-scientific attitudes in society, and such popularity represents an assault on the objectivity of science itself by seeking new, alternative forms of validation for ideas. Kurtz says that medical claims must always be submitted to open-minded but proper scrutiny, and that skepticism "has its work cut out for it".[122]
In 2013, Chopra published an article on what he saw as "skepticism" at work in Wikipedia, arguing that a "stubborn band of militant skeptics" were editing articles to prevent what he believes would be a fair representation of the views of such figures as Rupert Sheldrake, an author, lecturer, and researcher in parapsychology. The result, Chopra argued, was that the encyclopedia's readers were denied the opportunity to read of attempts to "expand science beyond its conventional boundaries".[123] The biologist Jerry Coyne responded, saying that it was instead Chopra who was losing out as his views were being "exposed as a lot of scientifically-sounding psychobabble".[123]
More broadly, Chopra has attacked skepticism as a whole, writing in The Huffington Post that "No skeptic, to my knowledge, ever made a major scientific discovery or advanced the welfare of others."[124] Astronomer Phil Plait said this statement trembled "on the very edge of being a blatant and gross lie", listing Carl Sagan, Richard Feynman, Stephen Jay Gould, and Edward Jenner among the "thousands of scientists [who] are skeptics", who he said were counterexamples to Chopra's statement.[125]
Use of scientific terminology[edit]
See also: Quantum mysticism
Reviewing Susan Jacoby's book, The Age of American Unreason, Wendy Kaminer sees Chopra's popular reception in the USA as being symptomatic of many Americans' historical inability (as Jacoby puts it) "to distinguish between real scientists and those who peddled theories in the guise of science". Chopra's "nonsensical references to quantum physics" are placed in a lineage of American religious pseudoscience, extending back through Scientology to Christian Science.[19] Physics professor Chad Orzel has written that "to a physicist, Chopra's babble about 'energy fields' and 'congealing quantum soup' presents as utter gibberish", but that Chopra makes enough references to technical terminology to convince non-scientists that he understands physics.[126] English professor George O'Har writes that Chopra is as an exemplification of the fact that human beings need "magic" in their lives, and places "the sophistries of Chopra" alongside the emotivism of Oprah Winfrey, the special effects and logic of Star Trek, and the magic of Harry Potter.[127]
Chopra has been criticized for his frequent references to the relationship of quantum mechanics to healing processes, a connection that has drawn skepticism from physicists who say it can be considered as contributing to the general confusion in the popular press regarding quantum measurement, decoherence and the Heisenberg uncertainty principle.[128] In 1998, Chopra was awarded the satirical Ig Nobel Prize in physics for "his unique interpretation of quantum physics as it applies to life, liberty, and the pursuit of economic happiness".[129] When interviewed by ethologist and evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins in the Channel 4 (UK) documentary The Enemies of Reason, Chopra said that he used the term "quantum physics" as "a metaphor" and that it had little to do with quantum theory in physics.[130] In March 2010, Chopra and Jean Houston debated Sam Harris and Michael Shermer at the California Institute of Technology on the question "Does God Have a Future?" Shermer and Harris criticized Chopra's use of scientific terminology to expound unrelated spiritual concepts.[18]
A 2015 paper examining "the reception and detection of pseudo-profound bullshit" used Chopra's Twitter feed as the canonical example, and compared this with fake Chopra quotes generated by a spoof website.[20][131][132]
Yoga[edit]
In April 2010 Aseem Shukla, co-founder of the Hindu American Foundation, criticized Chopra for suggesting that yoga did not have its origins in Hinduism but in an older Indian spiritual tradition.[133] Chopra later said that yoga was rooted in "consciousness alone" expounded by Vedic rishis long before historic Hinduism ever arose. He accused Shukla of having a "fundamentalist agenda". Shukla responded by saying Chopra was an exponent of the art of "How to Deconstruct, Repackage and Sell Hindu Philosophy Without Calling it Hindu!", and he said Chopra's mentioning of fundamentalism was an attempt to divert the debate.[134][135]
Legal actions[edit]
In May 1991, the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) published an article by Chopra and two others on Ayurvedic medicine and TM.[136] JAMA subsequently published an erratum stating that the lead author, Hari M. Sharma, had undisclosed financial interests, followed by an article by JAMA associate editor Andrew A. Skolnick which was highly critical of Chopra and the other authors for failing to disclose their financial connections to the article subject.[137] Several experts on meditation and traditional Indian medicine criticized JAMA for accepting the "shoddy science" of the original article.[138] Chopra and two TM groups sued Skolnick and JAMA for defamation, asking for $194 million in damages, but the case was dismissed in March 1993.[139]
Chopra was sued for copyright infringement by Robert Sapolsky, for using a chart displaying information on the endocrinology of stress without proper attribution, after the publication of Chopra's book Ageless Body, Timeless Mind.[140] "An out-of-court settlement" resulted in Chopra correctly attributing material that was researched by Sapolsky.[141]
Select bibliography[edit]
As of 2015[update], Chopra has written 80 books, 21 of them New York Times bestsellers, which have been translated into 43 languages.[142] His book The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success was on The New York Times Best Seller list[143] for 72 weeks.[144]
Books


(1987) Creating Health. New York: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 0-395-42953-6. 
(1989) Quantum Healing. New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-553-05368-X. 
(1991) Perfect Health. New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0-553-81367-6. 
(1991) Return of the Rishi: A Doctor's Story of Spiritual Transformation and Ayurvedic Healing. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 978-0-395-57420-1. 
(1993) Ageless Body Timeless Mind. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-517-59257-6. 
(1994) The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success. San Rafael: Amber Allen Publishing and New World Library. ISBN 1-878424-11-4. 
(1995) The Return of Merlin. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-517-59849-3. 
(1995) The Way of the Wizard. New York: Random House. ISBN 0-517-70434-X. 
(1996) The Path to Love. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-517-70622-0. 
(2000) with David Simon, The Chopra Center Herbal Handbook. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-609-80390-5. 
(2004) The Book of Secrets. New York: Harmony. ISBN 0-517-70624-5. 
(2008) The Soul of Leadership. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-40806-X. 
(2008) The Third Jesus. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-33831-2. 
(2009) Reinventing the Body, Resurrecting the Soul. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-307-45233-7. 
(2011) with Leonard Mlodinow, War of the Worldviews. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-307-88688-0. 
(2011) with Gotham Chopra, The Seven Spiritual Laws of Superheroes: Harnessing Our Power to Change the World. HarperOne. ISBN 978-0-06-205966-6. 
(2012) God: A Story of Revelation. New York: HarperOne. ISBN 978-0-06-202069-7. 
(2012) with Rudolph E. Tanzi, Super Brain. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-307-95682-2. 
(2013) with Sanjiv Chopra, Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. New York: New Harvest. ISBN 978-0-544-03210-1. 
(2013) What Are You Hungry For?. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-7704-3721-4. 
(2015) with Rudolph Tanzi, Super Genes. New York: Harmony Books. ISBN 0-8041-4013-8. :





See also[edit]


India portal
Biography portal
Health and fitness portal
Psychology portal



Celebrity doctor
Hard problem of consciousness
Indian Americans
Indians in the New York City metropolitan region
List of people in alternative medicine
Panpsychism
Spiritual naturalism

References[edit]


^ Deepak Chopra; Sanjiv Chopra (2013). Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. pp. 5–. ISBN 0-544-03210-1. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Jeffrey Brown (May 13, 2013). "Chopra Brothers Tell Story of How They Became Americans and Doctors in Memoir". PBS News Hour. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Deepak Chopra; Sanjiv Chopra (2013). Brotherhood: Dharma, Destiny, and the American Dream. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. p. 194. ISBN 0-544-03210-1. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
Boye Lafayette De Mente (January 1, 1976). Cultural Failures That Are Destroying the American Dream! – The Destructive Influence of Male Dominance & Religious Dogma!. Cultural-Insight Books. p. 42. ISBN 978-0-914778-17-2. 
^ Alter, Charlotte (November 26, 2014). "Deepak Chopra on Why Gratitude is Good For You". Time. Retrieved December 16, 2014. 
^ "Deepak Chopra". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Chopra 1991, pp. 54–57; Joanne Kaufman, "Deepak Chopra – An 'Inner Stillness,' Even on the Subway," The New York Times, October 17, 2013.
^ a b c d John Gamel, "Hokum on the Rise: The 70-Percent Solution", The Antioch Review, 66(1), 2008, p. 130.
^ a b c d Perry, Tony (September 7, 1997). "So Rich, So Restless". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved November 10, 2013. 
^ a b c Baer 2003, p. 237.
^ a b Dunkel, Tom (2005). "Inner Peacekeeper". The Baltimore Sun. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ David Steele (September 11, 2012). The Million Dollar Private Practice: Using Your Expertise to Build a Business That Makes a Difference. John Wiley & Sons. pp. 26–. ISBN 978-1-118-22081-8. 
^ a b c d e Baer, HA (June 2003). "The work of Andrew Weil and Deepak Chopra—two holistic health/New Age gurus: a critique of the holistic health/New Age movements.". Medical anthropology quarterly. 17 (2): 240–241. JSTOR 3655336. PMID 12846118. doi:10.1525/maq.2003.17.2.233. 
^ a b Chopra, Deepak (December 2007). Perfect Health—Revised and Updated: The Complete Mind Body Guide. New York, NY: Three Rivers Press. p. 7. 
^ a b Chopra, Deepak (1997). Ageless Body, Timeless Mind: The Quantum Alternative to Growing Old. Random House. p. 6. 
^ a b c d Schneiderman, LJ (2003). "The (alternative) medicalization of life". Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics. 31 (2): 191–7. PMID 12964263. doi:10.1111/j.1748-720X.2003.tb00080.x. 
^ a b c d e Park, Robert L (September 1, 2005). "Chapter 9: Voodoo medicine in a scientific world". In Ashman, Keith; Barringer, Phillip. After the Science Wars: Science and the Study of Science. Routledge. pp. 137–. ISBN 978-1-134-61618-3. 
^ a b Zoe Rosenberg (February 26, 2014). "Deepak Chopra Drops $14.5M on Health-Centric Delos Condo". Vox Media. Retrieved December 25, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g Tompkins, Ptolemy (November 14, 2008). "New Age Supersage". Time. Archived from the original on April 12, 2009. Ever since his early days as an advocate of alternative healing and nutrition, Chopra has been a magnet for criticism—most of it from the medical and scientific communities. Accusations have ranged from the dismissive—Chopra is just another huckster purveying watered-down Eastern wisdom mixed with pseudo science and pop psychology—to the outright damning. 
^ a b c d "Face-Off: Does God Have a Future". Nightline. Season 30. Episode 58. Transcript from the Internet Archive. March 23, 2010. ABC. Retrieved July 9, 2010. 
^ a b Kaminer, Wendy (2008). "The Corrosion of the American Mind (reviewing The Age of American Unreason by Susan Jacoby)". The Wilson Quarterly. 32 (2): 92. JSTOR 40262377. Then came Scientology, the "science" of positive thinking, and, more recently, New Age healer Deepak Chopra's nonsensical references to quantum physics 
^ a b "Scientists find a link between low intelligence and acceptance of 'pseudo-profound bulls***'". The Independent. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ a b c Carroll, Robert Todd (May 19, 2013), "Deepak Chopra", The Skeptic's Dictionary 
^ a b David Gorski. "Deepak Chopra tries his hand at a clinical trial. Woo ensues". Retrieved 20 December 2016. 
^ Chamberlain, Adrian (October 10, 2015). "Backstage: A lesson in concentration from Deepak Chopra". Times Colonist. 
^ Chopra and Chopra 2013, pp. 5, 161.
^ Chopra 2013, pp. 5–6, 11–13; Michael Schulder (May 24, 2013). "The Chopra Brothers". CNN. 
^ "Chopra, Sanjiv, MD" Archived December 20, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. Retrieved May 15, 2014.
^ The AIIMSonians alumni site notes he joined AIIMS in 1964. Retrieved August 25, 2015.
^ Deepak Chopra, Return of the Rishi, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 1991, p. 1.
^ Carl Lindgren (March 31, 2010). "International Dreamer – Deepak Chopra". Map Magazine's Street Editors. Archived from the original on July 16, 2011. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 57; Deepak Chopra, "Special Keynote with Dr. Deepak Chopra", November 2013, from 2:50 mins; Richard Knox, "Foreign doctors: a US dilemma", Boston Globe, June 30, 1974.
^ "Dr. Deepak K Chopra", U.S. News and World Report.
^ "Deepak K. Chopra, M.D.", Commonwealth of Massachusetts Board of Registration in Medicine; "Verify a Physician's Certification" Archived December 13, 2013, at the Wayback Machine., American Board of Internal Medicine.
^ Lambert, Craig A. (July 1989). "Quantum Healing: An Interview with Deepak Chopra, M.D.". Yoga Journal (87): 47–53. 
^ Young, Anna M. (2014). Prophets, Gurus, and Pundits: Rhetorical Styles and Public Engagement. SIU Press. pp. 59–68. ISBN 9780809332953. OCLC 871781118. 
^ Hill, Maria (2016). The Emerging Sensitive: A Guide for Finding Your Place in the World. BookBaby. ISBN 9781682224755. OCLC 953493840. 
^ "Toward an Integrative Medicine". google.se. p. 121. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 105ff.
^ Chopra 1991, p. 125.
^ Rosamund Burton (June 4, 2006). "Peace Seeker". Nova Magazine. Archived from the original on November 5, 2013. 
^ Chopra 1991, p. 139ff
^ Nafeez Mosaddeq Ahmed, "The Crisis of Perception", Media Monitors Network, February 29, 2008.
^ Elise Pettus, "The Mind–Body Problems," New York, August 14, 1995, (pp. 28–31, 95), p. 30. Also see Deepak Chopra, "Letters: Deepak responds," New York Magazine, September 25, 1995, p. 16.
^ Cynthia Ann Humes, "Schisms within Hindu guru groups: the Transcendental Meditation movement in North America," in James R. Lewis, Sarah M. Lewis (eds.), Sacred Schisms: How Religions Divide, Cambridge University Press, 2009, p. 297. Also see Cynthia Ann Humes, "Maharishi Mahesh Yogi: Beyond the TM Technique," in Thomas A. Forsthoefel, Cynthia Ann Humes (eds.), Gurus in America, State University of New York Press, 2005, pp. 68–69.
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31.
^ Deepak Chopra, "A Tribute to My Friend, Michael Jackson".
^ The Huffington Post, June 26, 2009; Gerald Posner, "Deepak Chopra: How Michael Jackson Could Have Been Saved", The Daily Beast, July 2, 2009, p. 4.
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31; Baer 2004, p. 129.
^ Deepak Chopra, "The Maharishi Years – The Untold Story: Recollections of a Former Disciple", The Huffington Post, February 13, 2008.
^ Nilanjana Bhaduri Jha (June 22, 2004). "'Employee loyalty comes first, the rest will follow' – Economic Times". The Times of India. Retrieved June 4, 2014. 
^ Carroll, Robert Todd (January 11, 2011). The Skeptic's Dictionary: A Collection of Strange Beliefs, Amusing Deceptions, and Dangerous Delusions. John Wiley & Sons. p. 48. ISBN 978-1-118-04563-3. 
^ Humes 2005, p. 69; Humes 2009, pp. 299, 302.
^ Cynthia Ann Humes, "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Perfect Health through Enlightened Marketing in America," in Frederick M. Smith, Dagmar Wujastyk (eds.), Modern and Global Ayurveda: Pluralism and Paradigms, State University of New York Press, 2008, p. 324.
^ Hoffman, Claire (February 22, 2013). "David Lynch Is Back … as a Guru of Transcendental Meditation". The New York Times. 
^ a b LLC, New York Media, (August 14, 1995). New York Magazine. New York Media, LLC. pp. 95–. Retrieved December 16, 2014. 
^ "Chopra, Deepak", California Department of Consumer Affairs. Retrieved March 23, 2016.
^ "Dr. Deepak K Chopra", U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved March 23, 2016.
^ "Endocrinologists, Scripps La Jolla Hospitals and Clinics", U.S. News & World Report. Archived May 29, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Mind–Body Medical Group" Archived May 29, 2014, at the Wayback Machine., Chopra Center; Deepak Chopra, "The Mind–Body Medical Group at the Chopra Center", The Chopra Well, May 26, 2014.
^ "Deepak Chopra, M.D.", The Chopra Center.
^ Paul A. Offit, Do You Believe in Magic? The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative Medicine, HarperCollins, 2013, p. 39; "Full Transcript: Your Call with Dr Deepak Chopra", NDTV, January 23, 2012; also see Craig Bromberg, "Doc of Ages," People, November 15, 1993.
^ For the National Council's letter, Humes 2005, p. 68; Humes 2009, p. 297; for the rest, Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31.
^ Humes 2008, p. 326.
^ David Ogul (February 9, 2012). "David Simon, 61, mind-body medicine pioneer, opened Chopra Center for Wellbeing". U-T San Diego. p. 1. 
^ Offit, Paul (2013). Do You Believe in Magic? The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative Medicine. HarperCollins. pp. 245–246. ISBN 978-0-06-222296-1. 
^ Rowe 2014, Truly, madly, deeply Deepak Chopra.
^ Srinivas Aravamudan, Guru English: South Asian Religion in a Cosmopolitan Language, Princeton University Press, 2005, p. 257.
^ "Deepak Chopra | Columbia Business School Directory". Columbia Business School, Columbia University in the City of New York. Retrieved December 12, 2015. 
^ "Deepak Chopra – Faculty – Kellogg School of Management". Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. Retrieved March 18, 2016. 
^ "Update in Internal Medicine". updateinternalmedicine.com/faculty. updateinternalmedicine.com. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Robert Todd Carroll (2011). "Auyrvedic medicine". The Skeptic's Dictionary. John Wiley & Sons. p. 48. ISBN 978-1-118-04563-3. 
^ Stanley, Alessandra. "A Plan to Rank 'Just' Companies Aims to Close the Wealth Gap". The New York Times. Retrieved February 8, 2016. 
^ Field, Anne. "Impact Investing Experts Weigh in on Paul Tudor Jones' JUST Capital". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2016. 
^ Maureen Seaberg. "Let's Raise ISHAR!". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ "State.com/about". Retrieved September 9, 2013. 
^ Jane Kelly (October 9, 2013). "Chopra and Huffington to Hold a Public Meditation on the Lawn Oct. 15". UVAToday. 
^ Anne Cukier (January 22, 2014). "Sages and Scientists Symposium 2014". Zapaday. 
^ "NAMA's Board of Advisors".
^ a b Butler, J. Thomas (July 1, 2011). Consumer Health: Making Informed Decisions. Jones & Bartlett Publishers. pp. 117–. ISBN 978-1-4496-7543-1. 
^ "Gallup Senior Scientists". Gallup.com. Archived from the original on February 16, 2011. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Belton, Beth (June 25, 2013). "Men's Wearhouse fires back at George Zimmer". USA Today. Retrieved July 10, 2013. 
^ David Segal, "Deepak Chopra And a New Age Of Comic Books", The Washington Post, March 3, 2007.
^ Robbins, Gary (March 15, 2016). "UCSD deepens ties with Deepak Chopra". U-T San Diego. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "What Is Consciousness & Where Is It?", discussion with Rudolph Tanzi, Menas Kafatos and Lothar Schäfer, Science and Nonduality Conference, 2013, 08:12 mins.

Attila Grandpierre, Deepak Chopra, P. Murali Doraiswamy, Rudolph Tanzi, Menas C. Kafatos, "A Multidisciplinary Approach to Mind and Consciousness", NeuroQuantology, 11(4), December 2013 (pp. 607–617), p. 609.


^ Deepak Chopra, Stuart Hameroff, "The 'Quantum Soul': A Scientific Hypothesis," in Alexander Moreira-Almeida, Franklin Santana Santos (eds.), Exploring Frontiers of the Mind-Brain Relationship, Springer, 2011 (pp. 79–93), p. 85.
^ Chopra, Deepak (2009) [1989]. Quantum Healing: Exploring the Frontiers of Mind Body Medicine. Random House. pp. 71–72, 74. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "Dangerous Ideas: Deepak Chopra & Richard Dawkins",[dead link] University of Puebla, November 9, 2013, 26:23 mins.

Also see Deepak Chopra, Menas Kafatos, Rudolph E. Tanzi, "From Quanta to Qualia: The Mystery of Reality (Part 1)", "(Part 2)", "(Part 3)", "(Part 4)", The Huffington Post, October 8, 15, 29 and November 12, 2012.


^ "India Today Conclave 2015: Darwin was wrong, says Deepak Chopra". India Today. March 13, 2015. 
As quoted by Steve Newton (April 8, 2015). "Why Does Deepak Chopra Hate Me?". NCSE blog. 
As quoted by Valerie Strauss (May 20, 2015). "Deepak Chopra blasts scientist who criticized his view of evolution. The scientist fires back.". The Washington Post (blog). 
^ Deepak Chopra and Leonard Mlodinow, War of the Worldviews, Random House, 2011, p. 123.
^ O'Neill, Ian (May 26, 2011). "Does Quantum Theory Explain Consciousness?". Discovery News. Discovery Communications, LLC. Retrieved August 11, 2014. 
^ Deepak Chopra, "Deepak Chopra Meditation", courtesy of YouTube, December 10, 2012.
^ "Deepak Chopra and the Chopra Center". ReligionFacts.com. Retrieved July 22, 2014. 
^ "Oprah Winfrey & Deepak Chopra Launch All-New Meditation Experience 'Expanding Your Happiness'". Broadway World. Retrieved July 22, 2014. 
^ For imbalance, see Baer 2004, p. 128; for the rest, Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 222–224, 234ff.
^ "Ayurvedic medicine". Cancer Research UK. There is no scientific evidence to prove that Ayurvedic medicine can treat or cure cancer or any other disease. 
^ Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 15, 241; Deepak Chopra, "Healing wisdom", The Chopra Center, June 12, 2013.

That he uses the term "quantum healing" as a metaphor, see Richard Dawkins, "Interview with Chopra", The Enemies of Reason, Channel 4 (UK), 2007, 01:16 mins.


^ Suzanne Newcombe, "Ayurvedic Medicine in Britain and the Epistemology of Practicing Medicine in Good Faith," in Smith and Wujastyk 2008, pp. 263–264; Kenneth Zysk, "New Age Ayurveda or what happens to Indian medicine when it comes to America," Traditional South Asian Medicine, 6, 2001, pp. 10–26. Also see Francoise Jeannotat, "Maharishi Ayur-veda," in Smith and Wujastyk 2008, p. 285ff.
^ John W. Zamarra, "Quantum Healing: Exploring the frontiers of mind/body medicine", New England Journal of Medicine, 321, December 14, 1989.
^ Cox, Brian (February 20, 2012). "Why Quantum Theory Is So Misunderstood – Speakeasy – WSJ". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "'Magic' of Quantum Physics". Aske-skeptics.org.uk. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ Park 2000, p. 137; Victor J. Stenger (2007). "Quantum Quackery". Skeptical Inquirer. 27 (1): 37. ; "Winners of the Ig Nobel Prize". Improbable Research. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 

Brian Cox says that "for some scientists, the unfortunate distortion and misappropriation of scientific ideas that often accompanies their integration into popular culture is an unacceptable price to pay." See Brian Cox (February 20, 2012). "Why Quantum Theory Is So Misunderstood". The Wall Street Journal. 
The main criticism revolves around the fact that macroscopic objects are too large to exhibit inherently quantum properties like interference and wave function collapse. Most literature on quantum healing is almost entirely theosophical, omitting the rigorous mathematics that makes quantum electrodynamics possible. See Doug Bramwell. "'Magic' of Quantum Physics". Association for Skeptical Enquiry. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 


^ Richard Dawkins, "Interview with Chopra", The Enemies of Reason, Channel 4 (UK), 2007; Deepak Chopra, "Richard Dawkins Plays God: The Video (Updated)", The Huffington Post, June 19, 2013.
^ Dann Dulin, "The Medicine Man", interview with Deepak Chopra, A&U magazine, 2000.
^ Chopra 2009 [1989], pp. 37, 237, 239–241.
^ Lawrence J. Schneiderman (2003). "The (Alternative) Medicalization of Life". Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics. 31 (2): 192. PMID 12964263. doi:10.1111/j.1748-720X.2003.tb00080.x. 
^ a b c d Wanjek, Christopher (2003). Bad Medicine: Misconceptions and Misuses Revealed, from Distance Healing to Vitamin O. Wiley Bad Science Series. John Wiley & Sons. pp. 224–. ISBN 978-0-471-46315-3. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Posner, Gary P (2001). "Hardly a Prayer on ABC's 20/20 Downtown". Skeptical Inquirer (November/December). 
^ Deepak, Deepak (October 17, 2012). "I Will Not Be Pleased – Your Health and the Nocebo Effect". San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ Dare, Stephen (March 15, 2016). "Stephen Dare Interviews Deepak Chopra". Metro Jacksonville. 
^ For Time, Peter Rowe, "Truly, madly, deeply Deepak Chopra," U-T San Diego, May 3, 2014, p. 1; for Clinton, Public Papers of the presidents of the United States: William J. Clinton, 2000–2001, January 1 to June 26, 2000, Government Printing Office, 2001, p. 508; for Gorbachev and the quote, Cosmo Landesman, "There's an easy way to save the world," The Sunday Times, May 8, 2005.
^ George M. O'Har (2000). "Magic in the Machine Age". Technology and Culture. 41 (4): 864. JSTOR 25147641. doi:10.1353/tech.2000.0174. 
^ Paul Kurtz, Skepticism and Humanism: The New Paradigm, Transaction Publishers, 2001, p. 110; Wendy Kaminer (2008). "The Corrosion of the American Mind". The Wilson Quarterly. 32 (2): 92. JSTOR 40262377. 
^ Henderson, Mark (February 7, 2004). "Junk medicine; The triumph of mumbo jumbo". The Times (Book review). p. 4. 
^ Francis Wheen (July 6, 2005). How Mumbo-Jumbo Conquered the World: A Short History of Modern Delusions. PublicAffairs. pp. 46–. ISBN 978-0-7867-2352-2. 
^ Stephen Barrett. "A Few Thoughts on Ayurvedic Mumbo-Jumbo". Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Moukheiber, Zina (1994). "Lord of immortality". Forbes (Book review). 153 (8): 132. 
^ Lois Malcolm (2003). "God as best seller: Deepak Chopra, Neal Walsch and New Age theology". The Christian Century. 120 (19): 31.  commenting on Deepak Chopra (2008). How To Know God. Ebury Publishing. ISBN 978-1-4090-2220-6. 
^ Blau, Evelyne (May 1995). Krishnamurti: 100 Years. Stewart, Tabori, & Chang. p. 233. ISBN 978-1-55670-407-9. 
^ Alford, Mark (2012). "Is science the antidote to Deepak Chopra's spirituality?". Skeptical Inquirer. 36 (3): 54. Archived from the original on November 5, 2012. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (August 23, 2005). "Intelligent Design Without the Bible". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Shermer, Michael (March 28, 2008). "Skyhooks and Cranes: Deepak Chopra, George W. Bush, and Intelligent Design". The Huffington Post. Retrieved November 30, 2008. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (August 24, 2005). "Rescuing Intelligent Design – But from Whom?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Paul Kurtz (2001). Skepticism and Humanism: The New Paradigm. Transaction Publishers. p. 110. ISBN 978-1-4128-3411-7. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ a b Coyne, Jerry A (November 8, 2013). "Pseudoscientist Rupert Sheldrake Is Not Being Persecuted, And Is Not Like Galileo". The New Republic. 
^ Chopra, Deepak (November 30, 2009). "The Perils of Skepticism". The Huffington Post. Retrieved April 25, 2016. 
^ Plait, Phil (December 1, 2009). "Deepak Chopra: redefining 'wrong'". Discover. 
^ Orzel, Chad (October 11, 2013). "Malcolm Gladwell Is Deepak Chopra". ScienceBlogs. Retrieved October 13, 2013. 
^ O'Har, George M (2000). "Magic in the Machine Age". Technology and Culture. 41 (4): 862–864. doi:10.1353/tech.2000.0174. 
^ Stenger, Victor J (1997). "Quantum Quackery". Skeptical Inquirer. 21 (1): 37-. 
^ "Winners of the Ig Nobel Prize". Improbable Research. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ "The Enemies of Reason". Channel 4. 
^ "Study Finds People Who Fall For Nonsense Inspirational Quotes Are Less Intelligent". The Huffington Post. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Pennycook, Gordon; et al. (November 2015). "On the reception and detection of pseudo-profound b......t". Judgment and Decision Making. Pennsylvania: Society for Judgment and Decision Making (SJDM) and the European Association for Decision Making (EADM). 10 (6): 549–563. Retrieved December 3, 2015. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "April 28, 2010". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "Dr. Chopra: Honor thy heritage". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Shukla, Aseem. "On Faith Panelists Blog: Hinduism and Sanatana Dharma: One and the same – Aseem Shukla". The Washington Post. Retrieved July 9, 2010. 
^ Hari M. Sharma; B. D. Triguna; Deepak Chopra (May 22, 1991). "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Modern insights into ancient medicine". Journal of the American Medical Association. 265 (20): 2633–4, 2637. PMID 1817464. doi:10.1001/jama.265.20.2633. 
^ "Financial Disclosure". JAMA. 266 (6): 798. August 14, 1991. doi:10.1001/jama.1991.03470060060025. ; Andrew A. Skolnick (October 2, 1991). "Maharishi Ayur-Veda: Guru's marketing scheme promises the world eternal 'perfect health'". JAMA. 266 (13): 1741–1750. PMID 1817475. doi:10.1001/jama.1991.03470130017003. .

Also see Andrew A. Skolnick (Fall 1991). "The Maharhish Caper: Or How to Hoodwink Top Medical Journals". ScienceWriters. 


^ Robert Barnett; Cathy Sears (October 11, 1991). "JAMA gets into an Indian herbal jam". Science. 254 (5029): 188–189. JSTOR 2885745. PMID 1925571. doi:10.1126/science.1925571. 
^ Pettus (New York Magazine) 1995, p. 31; "Deepak's Days in Court". The New York Times. August 18, 1996. 
^ Kazak, Don (March 5, 1997). "matDon Kazak, "Book Talk", Time (March 5, 1997)". paloaltoonline.com. Retrieved August 1, 2012. 
^ TNN (April 15, 2001). "The Times of India, Halyeema Sayed, The Mind-Body, April 15, 2001". The Times of India. Retrieved February 18, 2011. 
^ Harper Collins author bio.
^ Presley Noble, Barbara (April 2, 1995). "SPENDING IT: OFF THE SHELF; Habits of Highly Effective Authors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 
^ McGee, Micki (August 10, 2005). Self-Help, Inc.: Makeover Culture in American Life. Oxford University Press. pp. 71–. ISBN 978-0-19-988368-4. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 


Further reading[edit]


Butler, J. Thomas. "Ayurveda," in Consumer Health: Making Informed Decisions, Jones & Bartlett Publishers, 2011, pp. 117–118.
Butler, Kurt and Barrett, Stephen (1992). A Consumer's Guide to "Alternative Medicine": A Close Look at Homeopathy, Acupuncture, Faith-healing, and Other Unconventional Treatments. Prometheus Books, pp. 110–116. ISBN 978-0-87975-733-5.
Kaeser, Eduard (July 2013). "Science kitsch and pop science: A reconnaissance". Public Understanding of Science. 22 (5): 559–69. PMID 23833170. doi:10.1177/0963662513489390. 
Kafatos, Menas, Nadeau, Robert. The Conscious Universe: Parts and Wholes in Physical Reality, Springer, 2013.
Nacson, Leon (1998). Deepak Chopra: How to Live in a World of Infinite Possibilities. Random House. ISBN 0-09-183673-5. 
Scherer, Jochen. "The 'scientific' presentation and legitimation of the teaching of synchronicity in New Age literature," in James R. Lewis, Olav Hammer (eds.), Handbook of Religion and the Authority of Science, Brill Academic Publishers, 2010.


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


New Age movement



Non-exclusive
Themes



Age of Aquarius
Akashic records
Alternative medicine
Ancient astronauts
Angels
Animism
Ascended master
Astral projection
Astrology
Atlantis
Aura
Conspiracy theories
Contactee
Cosmic ordering
Crystal healing
Earth Changes
Earth mysteries
Ecofeminism
Energy
Environmentalism
Faith healing
Feng shui
Gaia hypothesis
Gaia philosophy
Gnosis
Goddess movement
Idealism
Indigo children
Intuition
Karma
Law of attraction
Lemuria
Magic
Meditation
Mediumship
Michael Teachings
New Age communities
New Age music
Odic force
Paganism
Pantheism
Parapsychology
Perception
Perennial philosophy
Quantum mysticism
Qi
Reincarnation
Religious pluralism
Supernatural
Tantra
UFOs
Veganism
Vegetarianism
Wellness
Yoga





Proponents or
individual
influences



José Argüelles
Richard Bach
Alice Bailey
Annie Besant
Helena Blavatsky
William Bloom
Gregg Braden
Rhonda Byrne
Eileen Caddy
Marjorie Cameron
Lee Carroll
Edgar Cayce
Deepak Chopra
Andrew Cohen
Benjamin Creme
Aleister Crowley
Scott Cunningham
Adi Da
Ram Dass
Wayne Dyer
Werner Erhard
Marilyn Ferguson
Debbie Ford
Gandalf
Linda Goodman
Glenda Green
Alex Grey
Michael Harner
Esther Hicks
Barbara Marx Hubbard
David Icke
Timothy Leary
John Lilly
Max Freedom Long
Shirley MacLaine
Leon MacLaren
Terence McKenna
Corinne McLaughlin
Michael Mirdad
Leonard Orr
Jack Parsons
Daniel Quinn
James Redfield
Wilhelm Reich
Jane Roberts
Helena Roerich
Mark Satin
Helen Schucman
John Selby
Ravi Shankar
David Spangler
Joshua David Stone
Ingo Swann
Michael Talbot
William Thetford
Eckhart Tolle
Neale Donald Walsch
Ken Wilber
Stuart Wilde
Marianne Williamson
Robert Anton Wilson
Oprah Winfrey
Fred Alan Wolf
Roger Woolger
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi





Other
influences



Advaita Vedanta
Animism
Anthroposophy
Ariosophy
Ascended Master Teachings
Astrology
Beat Generation
Buddhism
Cannabis culture
Cognitive science
Conspiracy theories
Discordianism
Eight-circuit model of consciousness
Entheogens
Esoteric Christianity
Esotericism
Freemasonry
Fringe science
Gay liberation
Gnosticism
Hermeticism
Hinduism
Hippie subculture
Human Potential Movement
Huna
Integral theory
Kabbalah
Leather subculture
Metaphysics
Neuro-linguistic programming
New Thought
Nonviolence
Occultism
Paganism

Neo-Druidism
Wicca


Postmodernism
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudoscience
Psychedelic music
Quantum mechanics
Rastafari movement
Rosicrucianism
School of Economic Science
Science fiction
Seth Material
Shamanism
Shinto
Spiritism
Spiritualism
Spirituality
Sufism
Taoism
Thelema
Theosophy
Traditionalist School
Transhumanism
Transpersonal psychology
Zen












v
t
e


Pseudoscience



Terminology



Cargo cult science
Charlatan
Crank
Fringe theory

Fringe science
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudohistory


Junk science
Paranormal
Pathological science
Quackery
Snake oil
Superseded scientific theories
True-believer syndrome
Voodoo science





Examples



2012 phenomenon
Acupuncture
Alchemy
Alternative medicine
Ancient astronauts
Anthroposophic medicine
Applied kinesiology
Astrology
Bates method
Biodynamic agriculture
Bloodletting
Body memory
Catastrophism
Chiropractic
Chromotherapy
Conspiracy theory

9/11 conspiracy theories
Chemtrail conspiracy theory
Climate change denial
Moon landing conspiracy theories


Conversion therapy
Creation science
Crystal healing
Cryptozoology
Detoxification

Colon cleansing


Dianetics
Dowsing
Ear candling
Electromagnetic hypersensitivity
Electronic Voice Phenomenon
Feng shui
Flat Earth Theory
Germ theory denialism
Graphology
HIV/AIDS denialism
Hollow Earth theory
Homeopathy
Humorism
Indigo children
Intelligent design
Japhetic theory
Levitation
Lunar effect
Lysenkoism
Magnet therapy
Mediumship
Naturopathy
Nazi archaeology
Nibiru cataclysm
Numerology
Perpetual motion
Orgone
Phrenology
Polygraph
Primal therapy
Pseudoarchaeology
Pseudohistory

Genocide denial
Historical negationism
Holocaust denial


Pseudoscientific metrology
Psychohistory
Quantum mysticism
Recovered-memory therapy
Reiki
Scientific racism

Aryan race
Melanin theory


Trepanning
Ufology
Voice stress analysis





Related topics



Bourgeois pseudoscience
Suppressed research in the Soviet Union





Resources



Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
Cults of Unreason
Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience
Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science
Quackwatch
JREF
The Psychology of the Occult
The Ragged Edge of Science
The Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience
Skeptical Inquirer
The Skeptic's Dictionary






List of topics characterized as pseudoscience










v
t
e


Transcendental Meditation



Programs



History of Transcendental Meditation
Maharishi Peace Palace
Maharishi Vastu Architecture
Maharishi Vedic Approach to Health
Transcendental Meditation in education
Transcendental Meditation technique





Organizations



David Lynch Foundation (US)
Global Country of World Peace
Maharishi Heaven on Earth Development
Natural Law Party
Natural Law Party of Canada
Natural Law Party (United States)
Transcendental Meditation movement





Education



Maharishi Institute of Management (IN)
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi Vedic University (IN)
Maharishi School (UK)
Maharishi School of the Age of Enlightenment (US)
Maharishi University of Management and Technology (IN)
Maharishi University of Management (US)
Maharishi Vidya Mandir Schools (IN)





People



Ashley Deans
Bevan Morris
Brahmananda Saraswati
David Lynch
David Orme-Johnson
Deepak Chopra
John Hagelin
Nancy Cooke de Herrera
List of people who have learned Transcendental Meditation
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
Nancy Lonsdorf
Prudence Farrow
Tony Nader
The Beatles in India





Places



Fairfield, Iowa (US)
Golden Domes (US)
Hararit (IL)
Kolleg St. Ludwig (NL)
Maharishi Vedic City, Iowa (US)





Media



Catching the Big Fish
David Wants to Fly
KSCI
TM and Cult Mania
Transcendence: Healing and Transformation Through Transcendental Meditation








Find out more on Wikipedia's
Sister projects


Media
from Commons
Quotations
from Wikiquote
Data
from Wikidata







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 34491177
LCCN: n86130779
ISNI: 0000 0001 1556 5934
GND: 115460624
SUDOC: 029724503
BNF: cb12128712w (data)
MusicBrainz: bc1fbace-7ef8-48d6-a413-65ab9a227bdc
BNE: XX1049304










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Deepak_Chopra&oldid=791414599"					
Categories: 1946 birthsAll India Institute of Medical Sciences alumniAmerican male writers of Indian descentAmerican spiritual writersAyurvedacharyasCelebrity doctorsIndian emigrants to the United States20th-century Indian medical doctorsIndian motivational speakersIndian self-help writersIndian spiritual writersLiving peopleNautilus Book Award winnersNew Age spiritual leadersNew Age writersPeople from New DelhiPeople in alternative medicineQuantum mysticismRecipients of the Medal of the Presidency of the Italian RepublicSelf-published authorsSt. Columba's School, Delhi alumniThe Huffington Post writers and columnistsTranscendental Meditation practitionersSiddha medicineHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Wikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from October 2016Use American English from April 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishBiography template using pronunciationArticles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Articles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2006Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2013Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2005Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2015Pages using refbegin with normalfont parameterWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersUse American English from March 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةتۆرکجهБългарскиCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीItalianoעבריתKapampanganമലയാളംमराठीNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeاردو 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 03:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Biocentrism | Biocentrism News












































Biocentrism NewsBiocentrism NewsBiocentrism News

Biocentrism, also referred to as the biocentric universe, is a theory proposed by renowned scientist, Robert Lanza. This theory explains that life and biology are the central pieces to being, reality and the cosmos. It explains how life creates the universe rather than the other way around.
Biocentrism builds upon the ideas of quantum physics. While physics is considered essential to the study of the universe and chemistry essential to the study of life, biocentrism puts biology before all other sciences in order to develop a theory of everything – a theory of the universe.
When describing this theory, Robert Lanza explains that what we call space and time are forms of animal sense perception rather than external physical objects. Understanding this simple yet revolutionary idea provides us with new ways to answer some of the major puzzles of mainstream science. Biocentrism offers a new way of understanding everything from the microworld to the forces, constants, and laws that shape our entire universe.

In 2010, leading scientist Robert Lanza and astronomer Bob Berman published their first book on biocentrism entitled: Biocentrism: How Life and Consciousness are the Keys to Understanding the True Nature of the Universe. The book opened the eyes of readers from all across the globe, providing a new perspective to how the universe came to be. In the past, physics has dominated the topic of the universe in Western science. With Biocentrism, Robert Lanza switches the focus to biology, exclaiming that life is not just an accidental by product of the laws of physics. Instead, it suggests the invigorating possibility that life is fundamentally immortal.
Recently, Robert Lanza and Bob Berman published their second book on biocentrism, Beyond Biocentrism: Rethinking Time, Space, Consciousness, and the Illusion of Death. In this new book, Lanza and Berman take the reader on yet another intellectual and thrilling journey as they re-examine everything we once thought we knew about life, death, the universe, and the nature of reality itself.
The book starts out by acknowledging that our current model of reality is beginning to look more and more worn and outdated in the face of new scientific discoveries. Scientists has been able to determine that over 95% of the universe is composed almost entirely of dark matter and dark energy. However, scientists must also confess that they are not entirely sure what dark matter is, knowing even less about dark energy. With this in mind, science is increasingly pointing towards an infinite universe. The problem is we still do not have the ability to explain what the really means.
The book, Beyond Biocentrism is meant to challenge us to fully accept the implications of the latest scientific findings in a number of areas including plant biology, cosmology, quantum entanglement, and even our own consciousness.
Listening to the latest scientific findings, it seems to become more and more clear that life and consciousness are truly fundamental to any real understanding of the universe. This forces us to re-think everything we thought we knew about life, death, and our own place in the universe.
Stay tuned for the latest updates and news on biocentrism.
 
Lanza's Paper is the Cover Story of Annalen der Physik, which Published Einstein's Theories of Relativity


On Decoherence in Quantum Gravity


In his papers on relativity, Einstein showed that time was relative to the observer. This new paper takes this one step further, arguing that the observer creates it. The paper shows that the intrinsic properties of quantum gravity and matter alone cannot explain the tremendous effectiveness of the emergence of time and the lack of quantum entanglement in our everyday world. Instead, it’s necessary to include the properties of the observer, and in particular, the way we process and remember information.


WIRED [Read More]Discover Magazine [Read More]




Robert Lanza, M.D.


Robert Lanza, MD is one of the most respected scientists in the world—a U.S. News & World Report cover story called him a "genius" and "renegade thinker," even likening him to Einstein. Lanza is a professor at Wake Forest University, and was recognized by Time magazine in 2014 on its list of the "100 Most Influential People in the World." Prospect magazine named him one of the Top 50 "World Thinkers" in 2015.







Rethinking Time, Space, Consciousness, and the Illusion of Death
Biocentrism shocked the world with a radical rethinking of the nature of reality. But that was just the beginning.

"Beyond Biocentrism is an enlightening and fascinating journey that will forever alter your understanding of your own existence."—Deepak Chopra 

"Beyond Biocentrism is a joyride through the history of science and cutting-edge physics, all with a very serious purpose: to find the long-overlooked connection between the conscious self and the universe around us."—Corey S. Powell, former editor-in-chief, Discover magazine






How Life and Consciousness are the Keys to Understanding the True Nature of the Universe
Don't miss the book that started it all, and shocked the world with its radical rethinking of the nature of reality.

In biocentrism, Robert Lanza and Bob Berman team up to turn the planet upside down with the revolutionary view that life creates the universe instead of the other way around. 

Biocentrism takes the reader on a seemingly improbable but ultimately inescapable journey through a foreign universe‒our own‒from the viewpoints of an acclaimed biologist and a leading astronomer. It will shatter the reader's ideas of life-time and space, and even death … the reader will never see reality the same again. 

"Like "A Brief History of Time" it is indeed stimulating and brings biology into the whole. Any short statement does not do justice to such a scholarly work… Most importantly, it makes you think."—Nobel Prize Winner E. Donnall Thomas




More About Biocentrism



What Happens When You Die?
Life is an adventure that transcends our ordinary linear way of thinking.



The Secret of Life
A parable of matter, mind and the ubiquity of life.



Free Abridgement of Biocentrism
How life creates the universe. Authors say cosmology misses the big picture unless it includes biology.



The Biocentric Universe Theory: Life Creates Time, Space, and the Cosmos Itself
Stem-cell guru Robert Lanza presents a radical new view of the universe & everything in it.



Lanza on Biocentrism

Robert Lanza's talk on biocentrism at the Science & Nonduality Conference.



A New Theory of the Universe
Biocentrism builds on quantum physics by adding life to the equation.




Articles

The Secret of Life – The Dawn of Biocentrism
What Happens When You Die?





















Find cheap deepak chopra at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























The Journey to Wild Divine The Passage Meditation BIOFEEDBACK kit  Deepak Chopra

$119.95













Compare Prices 













The Future Of God by Deepak Chopra

$13.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Deepak Chopra Dream Weaver 3.0

$159.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Why Jesus?: Rediscovering His Truth in an Age of Mass Marketed Spirituality

$8.49


In Stock


Compare Prices 













The Deeper Wound (Deepak Chopra), Chopra, Deepak, Good Book

$89.00













Compare Prices 













Deepak Chopra Yoga Transformation: Strength & Energy [DVD]

$8.87


In Stock


Compare Prices 













What Are You Hungry For? KIT Deepak Chopra Book DVD Planner Wookbook Wristbands

$100.00













Compare Prices 













The Mind of God

$25.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Deepak Chopra Yoga Transformation: Weight Loss & Balance [DVD]

$9.60


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Dynamics Of Structures by Anil K Chopra

$32.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Magical Beginnings, Enchanted Lives (Deepak Chopra), Abrams CCE  IBCLC, Vicky, S

$493.69













Compare Prices 













NIGHTLINE: Deepak Chopra - As Told by His Son: 9/27/12

$14.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















DEEPAK CHOPRA,M.D. AUDIO BOOK SYNCHRO DESTINY BRAND NEW SEALED

$100.00













Compare Prices 













Supply Chain Management  by Sunil Chopra

$28.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Who Is Asking ?Who Am I??: Eckhart Tolle and Deepak Chopra Explore the Transcendent Dimension of Who You Are

$19.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Supply Chain Management by Sunil Chopra

$16.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













The Deeper Wound (Deepak Chopra) by Chopra, Deepak

$89.00













Compare Prices 













Rumi: Poet Of The Heart

$24.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Deepak Chopra:What Are You Hungry For? 7 DVDs 21 Day Planner & Workbook +HB book

$95.00













Compare Prices 













Introduction To Google Sketchup   by Aidan Chopra

$15.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Golf Mind: Unlocking the Real Game

$29.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Peace Is the Way

$23.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Deepak Chopra -The Essential DVD Collection (2-Disc Set)Spirituality/Metaphysics

$200.00













Compare Prices 













Mindfulness: Be Happy Now

$16.62


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.





































Find cheap digital camera at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























Nikon D3300 Digital SLR Camera Body 3 Lens Kit 18-55mm Lens + 32GB Top Value

$439.95













Compare Prices 













Fujifilm X-T1Mirrorless Digital Camera (Body)

$679.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Bower XPDO40B Digital Camera Battery Olympus Li-40B for Digital camera

$6.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Canon Powershot SX60 HS16.1 Megapixel Digital Camera

$389.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Nikon COOLPIX B500 Digital Camera w/ 3"Display, 16MP, 40x Optical Zoom - Red

$229.36













Compare Prices 













Kitty 2.1MP DIGITAL CAMERA

$49.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sony Alpha a6000 Mirrorless Digital Camera with 16-50mm Lens - Black

$479.00













Compare Prices 













Canon Powershot G3 X20.2 Megapixel Digital Camera

$729.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













SPIDERMAN 2.1MP DIGITAL CAMERA

$31.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sony Alpha 7 II ILCE-7M2 Digital Camera with 28-70mm, 24.3MP  , Wi-Fi

$1,699.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Nikon D3x 24.5MP Digital SLR Camera AF Nikkor 55mm lens charger manual backpack 

$1,495.00













Compare Prices 













ProHT Digital Camera Case

$6.88


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















Canon EOS Rebel T6 DSLR Camera with 18-55mm II Lens 1159C003

$360.00













Compare Prices 













Coleman C5wp-y 12.0-megapixel Xtreme Waterproof Digital Camera (yellow)

$99.01


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Marvel Avengers Digital Camera

$12.44


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Canon Powershot G5 X20.2 Megapixel Digital Camera

$619.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Canon EOS 6D 20.2 MP Digital SLR Camera (Body Only)Low Shutter Count

$895.00













Compare Prices 













Crayola Digital Camera Kit

$26.88


In Stock


Compare Prices 













NEW Nikon D3300 24.2 MP CMOS Digital SLR + 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G AF-P DX VR Lens

$369.95













Compare Prices 













Canon PowerShot ELPH 190 IS Digital Camera with 10x Optical Zoom and Wi-Fi - Black

$149.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Nerf 2.1MP Digital camera

$25.80


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Canon PowerShot ELPH 360 HS Digital Camera with 12x Optical Zoom + Wi-Fi - Purple

$199.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Nikon D750 Digital SLR Camera Body 24.3MP FX-format Brand New

$1,429.95













Compare Prices 













Digital Camera, Cordex, TP2410XP

$3,232.27


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.





































Find cheap motorhome at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























NO RESERVE 2005 WINNEBAGO VOYAGE 35FT 2 SLIDE OUTS CLASS A RV MOTORHOME CAMPER

$26,101.00













Compare Prices 













Practical Motorhome Magazine Subscription (Digital) (13 Issues)

$34.28


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Towing Behind Your Motorhome

$24.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tiffin Allegro Open Road 2 Slides 28'6" Class A Motorhome LOW MILES 12K 2005 

$20,500.00













Compare Prices 













Mattress Pad for Motorhome or Camper Bunk Bed 28x75

$57.94


In Stock


Compare Prices 













2004 Travel Supreme 40' 4Slide Class A Diesel Pusher RV Motorhome

$55,000.00













Compare Prices 













Class A Extreme Protection RV Motorhome Cover

$159.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













2017 Fleetwood Bounder 36H New Class A Gas Motorhome Coach RV Slide 

$50,000.00












Compare Prices 













Motorhome Screen Door Bubble Panel, Clear

$20.61


In Stock


Compare Prices 













1982 Fleetwood Pace Arrow Class A Motorhome RV Camper Coach Motor Home 82 Drives

$1,125.00













Compare Prices 













Camco 42653 Motorhome Party Light

$20.57


In Stock


Compare Prices 













2017 Fleetwood Discovery LXE 40E New Class A Diesel Motorhome Coach RV Slide

$102,445.00












Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















Surco 501R Universal Motorhome Rack

$62.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













1998 Winnebago ADVENTURER 30 ft Class A RV Motorhome 30WQ

$7,300.00













Compare Prices 













Security Surveillance GPS Tracking Device for Motorhome Safety

$129.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













2016 Fleetwood Bounder 35K Used Motorhome RV Coach Camper Class A Gas Slide

$29,100.00












Compare Prices 













Surco 501L Universal Motorhome Ladder

$95.38


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.





































Find cheap microwave at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























Frigidaire 2.2 Cu. Ft. 1200 Watt Countertop Microwave Oven - Stainless Steel ...

$189.99













Compare Prices 













Cuisinart Microwave Oven, Multicolor

$249.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













The Combination Microwave Cook: Recipes for Combination Microwaves and Microwaves with Built-in Grills (Right way) (Paperback)

$12.30


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Cuisinart Convection Microwave Oven & Grill, Grey

$305.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Panasonic 1.2 Cu.Ft. 1200 Watt Counter Microwave Oven - White NN-SN651W

$118.99













Compare Prices 













Sharp Microwaves ZSMC1442CS Sharp 1,000W Countertop Microwave Oven, 1.4 Cubic Foot, Stainless Steel

$110.58


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Frigidaire 1.6 Cu. Ft. 1100 Watt Countertop Microwave Oven - Stainless Steel ...

$154.99













Compare Prices 













Cuisinart 21.2 1.2 cu.ft. Countertop Microwave CMW-200

$185.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sharp Microwaves ZSMC1132CS Sharp 1,000W Countertop Microwave Oven, 1.1 Cubic Foot, Stainless Steel

$104.20


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Cuisinart CMW-200 1.2 Cu. Ft. 1000W Convection Microwave Oven with

$219.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













GE - 1.6 Cu. Ft. Over-the-Range Microwave - Stainless Steel

$206.99













Compare Prices 













Sharp Microwaves ZSMC1842CS Sharp 1,100W Countertop Microwave Oven, 1.8 Cubic Foot, Stainless Steel

$148.26


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















Danby 1.2 cu. ft. Kitchen Countertop Microwave Oven 1200 Watts, Brushed Silver

$118.99













Compare Prices 













Panasonic 1200-Watt Microwave Oven, Black

$199.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sharp Microwaves ZSMC1452CH Sharp 1,100W Countertop Microwave Oven, 1.4 Cubic Foot, Black Stainless Steel

$144.96


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Panasonic 23 1.2 cu.ft. Countertop Microwave NNSN651B

$150.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Frigidaire FFCM0934LW  0.9 Cu. Ft. Countertop Microwave - Stainless Steel

$89.99













Compare Prices 













Sharp Microwaves ZSMC0912BS Sharp 900W Countertop Microwave Oven, 0.9 Cubic Foot, Stainless Steel

$101.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Panasonic NN-SN671S Family Size 1.2 Cu. Ft. Countertop Microwave Oven 

$99.50













Compare Prices 













Panasonic 0.9 Cu. Ft. 900 Watt Microwave Oven - Black NN-SN651B

$119.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sharp Microwaves ZSMC0710BW Sharp 700W Countertop Microwave Oven, 0.7 Cubic Foot, White

$79.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Panasonic NNSN65 1.2 cu. ft. Microwave Family Black - NNSN651B

$144.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













BLACK+DECKER&#153; 1.6 Cu. Ft. 1100 Watt Microwave Oven

$89.99













Compare Prices 













Sharp Microwaves ZSMC0710BB Sharp 700W Countertop Microwave Oven, 0.7 Cubic Foot, Black

$79.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.





































Find cheap 49 inch television at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























Samsung 49 Inch Curved 4K UHD Smart TV / Smart Remote / 3 x HDMI | UN49MU7500

$777.54













Compare Prices 













Samsung UN49J5000AFXZA 49-Inch Full HD 1080p HD TV (2017)

$447.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













TCL 49S305 49-Inch 1080p Roku Smart LED TV (2017 Model)

$349.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sony XBR49X900E  49 4K Smart LED TV

$1,199.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













LG 49 Inch 4K UHD HDR Smart LED TV / 3 x HDMI / 2 x USB / 2017 Model | 49UJ6300

$518.54













Compare Prices 













AVF Eco-Mount EC285S-T CRT Television Mount for 13 Inch to 28 Inch Television Silver (Discontinued by Manufacturer)

$64.08


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Bolva 49 Inch 4K 60Hz Ultra HD D-LED TV with 4 x HDMI | 49BL00H7

$299.00













Compare Prices 













Sony XBR49X800E  49 4K Smart LED TV

$849.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













AmeriHome 48 inch Wood Television Stand

$359.61


In Stock


Compare Prices 













LG 49LJ5500 49-Inch Full HD 1080p Smart LED TV (2017)

$449.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













LG 49 Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart TV - 49UH6030 UHD TV Brand New Sealed Free Shipping

$419.95













Compare Prices 













AmeriHome 46 inch Wood Corner Television Stand

$373.55


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















Samsung 49 Inch 4K UltraHD HDR Smart TV / Smart Remote / 3 x HDMI | UN49MU7000

$667.54













Compare Prices 













LG Electronics 49UH6030 49-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV

$546.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













AmeriHome 48 inch Wood Television Stand, Black

$428.49












Compare Prices 













LG 49UJ6300 49-Inch 4K UHD Smart LED TV with HDR (2017)

$699.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Samsung 49-Inch Curved 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV-(UN49KU6500)- Brand New in Box!

$699.99













Compare Prices 













AmeriHome 60 inch Wood Television Stand

$472.32


In Stock


Compare Prices 













TCL 49-Inch Full HD 1080p 120Hz Roku Smart LED TV/3x HDMI (2017 Model) | 49S305

$369.99













Compare Prices 













Samsung UN49J5000AFXZA 49-Inch Full HD 1080p HD TV (2017)

$447.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













AmeriHome 60 inch Wood Television Stand, Black

$478.49












Compare Prices 













Samsung UN49MU6500FXZA 49-Inch 4K Ultra HD Curved Smart TV with HDR

$749.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Samsung UN49KU7000 49-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV (2016 Model) BRAND-NEW!!

$550.00













Compare Prices 













Sonax 'West Lake' 60-inch Dark Espresso Television Bench, Brown

$549.00












Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.






















