

Cidel Asset Management Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


















































cidel asset management inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Cidel Asset Management Inc. offers investment advisory services. The Company provides portfolio management and consulting services to individuals, high net worth individuals, trusts, and estates. Cidel Asset Management serves customers in Canada.




Corporate Information
Address:

60 Bloor Street West
9th Floor
Toronto, ON M4W 3B8
Canada


Phone:
1-416-925-5504


Fax:
1-416-925-8229


Web url:
www.toron-ami.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Arthur Heinmaa


Chief Invsmt Officer/CCO




Bradley Gibbert


Chief Compliance Officer




Tiziana R Mazzilli


Senior Vice President




Ronald Patton


Head:Canadian Investment







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Cidel Asset Management Inc. | Wealthminder











































Cidel Asset Management Inc.


Cidel Asset Management Inc.
(CRD# 172640) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Toronto, Ontario, .
They
manage $145,865,821 in 16 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 0 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Cidel Asset Management Inc.




590 King Street West, Ste 200,
Toronto, Ontario,

M5V 1
416 977 6767
http://www.cidel.com




http://www.cidel.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

146
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

16
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$9,116,614







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.











Financial Advisors at Cidel Asset Management Inc.








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














 







Who We Are – Cidel













































Cidel

Toggle navigation



Cidel
Who We Are
What We Do
How We Do It
Current Thinking
 
Let’s Talk
Client Log In

 










We help high­ net worth individuals and families, legal and tax professionals, and some of the world’s largest institutions smartly structure, securely grow and easily manage wealth. It’s that simple. But naturally, there’s a lot more to say. 

Let’s start with our approach to wealth management:

 




						Our Approach						













								Everything is related.							

Your investment portfolio, real estate holdings, succession plans—all the pieces of your financial life form a single picture. Looking at the details as a whole is the only way to understand how they fit together. And it’s the best way to ensure your wealth stays sharply focused.




								Build on solid ground.							

When it comes to money, planning ahead and structuring with a purpose is always better than making things up as you go. Yes, it can take some initial effort, but a strong foundation lifts you closer to your ultimate goals. You’ll also sleep a lot better at night.




								Simplicity is the sharpest tool.							

The financial world is inherently complicated. With so many options and opportunities to consider it can be hard to see straight. Working creatively as a team, Cidel cuts through the clutter so our clients don’t have to.




								People make the difference.							

Numbers may be a central feature of the landscape, but real people and genuine relationships are what bring wealth management to life. From the beginning, Cidel has put its clients and colleagues first. It’s the way we like to do business and it’s the quickest path to results.




								If it doesn’t fit, then it’s not a solution.							

All of our clients are unique. They come to us with a broad range of needs and issues. So we don’t treat them like a herd. Instead, we go out of our way to customize solutions that are singularly perfect—for them.










						Our People						











			Leadership		

			Wealth Consultants		

			Investment Research		

			Planning, Structuring & Trust		



			Barbados		

			Canada		

			Latin America		

			South Africa		












Cidel is an elaborate organism—a collection of people and services, each with a specific expertise and focus.






					No Team Members Match The Conditions Above.				





					No Team Members match the search term"search"				






Gordon Anderson



















												Gordon Anderson,											


												CFP, TEP, CFA											





												President, Cidel Trust Company 											




														+1 403 455 1269													





														ganderson@cidel.com													






Gordon is the president of Cidel Trust Company. In this role, he is responsible for the operation and management of Cidel Trust Company, domestic trust structures and new business initiatives. Before joining Cidel, Gordon was the managing director and chief investment officer of Royal Bank of Canada (Caribbean) Corporation. Prior to that, Gordon held a number of positions at CIBC, culminating in his role as director of global sales, CIBC Global Private Banking, Prairies region. Gordon earned a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration with Honours at the University of Regina and holds professional designations as a Certified Financial Planner (CFP), a Trust and Estate Practitioner (TEP), and a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA).














Julian Arbelaez



















												Julian Arbelaez,											


												MBA											





												Wealth Consultant, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 928 4108													





														jarbelaez@cidel.com													














Ben Arrindell



















												Ben Arrindell,											


												SCM											





												Deputy Chairman, Cidel Bank and Trust Inc.											




														+1 246 430 5350													





														barrindell@cidel.com													






Ben is Deputy Chairman of Cidel, currently consulting on business and product development opportunities utilizing Barbados’ treaty network. Prior to joining Cidel, Ben was an international tax and managing partner of Ernst & Young, Barbados. In this capacity, he provided international tax services to international clients, including many major multinational companies and high-net-worth individuals. Ben has over 30 years of work experience in both the UK and Barbados. Ben has served as adviser to the Barbados Government since 1998 on double taxation treaty strategy, the development of new legislation, and the impact of international tax developments on the Barbados International Business Sector.
Ben is a member of the Barbados Tax Treaty Negotiating Team and has participated in Barbados’ tax treaty negotiations with a number of countries including Canada, China, Italy, Spain, Mexico, the Netherlands, Luxembourg and the US. He is also a frequent speaker worldwide on international tax matters. Ben has made a significant contribution to the development and amendment of new and existing legislation in Barbados. He is currently a member of the Barbados Government’s Joint Policy Working Group, CARICOM Working Group on Fiscal Policy, Barbados Government Council of Economic Advisers, CARIFORUM Task Force on the Development of Caribbean International Financial Services, and the Credit Rating Committee of Caribbean Information & Credit Rating Services Limited (“Caricris”). He has also served on the United Nations Committee of Experts on International Cooperation in Tax Matters (2005-2013) and is a former chairman and director of the Board of Directors of the Private Sector Association (2007-2011).
In 2012, Ben was awarded the Silver Crown of merit (“SCM”) by the Government of Barbados for services to the Barbados International Financial Services Sector.














Oscar Becerra



















												Oscar Becerra											






												Associate Wealth Consultant, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 0855													





														obecerra@cidel.com													














Karl Berger



















												Karl Berger,											


												CIM											





												Senior Wealth Consultant & Director, Investment Counsellor, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 8751													





														kberger@cidel.com													














Mark Biderman



















												Mark Biderman,											


												LLB											





												Vice President, Trust and Legal, Cidel Trust Company											




														+1 416 928 4118													





														mbiderman@cidel.com													






Mark Biderman is the Vice President, Trust and Legal at Cidel. In his role as Vice President, Mark is responsible for the operations of Cidel Trust Company as well as new business initiatives. He also acts as in-house corporate counsel and taxation law specialist at Cidel. Prior to joining Cidel, Mark was a lawyer in the tax group of Goodmans LLP, a leading Canadian law firm where he advised on numerous public and private transactions for a wide range of clients. Mark has authored several tax articles with a particular focus on international taxation law. Mark is a member of the board of directors of Camp Solelim and is a member of the Law Society of Upper Canada. Mark holds a BA (Honours) from Huron University College, University of Western Ontario, and an LLB from Osgoode Hall Law School, York University.














Susan Blanchard



















												Susan Blanchard,											


												CFA											





												Portfolio Manager, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 5235													





														sblanchard@cidel.com													






Susan is a portfolio manager specializing in small cap Canadian equities. She has over 40 years of investment industry experience, starting at AMI Partners, now part of Cidel. While managing high-net-worth clients’ portfolios, she helped develop the Growing Income strategy for individuals and charities seeking companies with growing dividends.  In 1991 she moved from the Montreal office to Toronto.  As small cap lead, Susan is a member of the Canadian equity research team.  Susan is a CFA charterholder and a graduate of the University of Waterloo.














Pierre Bouchard



















												Pierre Bouchard,											


												CFA											





												Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 5234													





														pbouchard@cidel.com													






Pierre joined Cidel’s predecessor, AMI Partners, in 2007 as an assistant portfolio manager specializing in small cap Canadian equities. He was promoted to partner in 2010. Pierre has extensive investment experience selecting Canadian equities as an executive and previously served as a research analyst at a major Canadian financial institution. He is a CFA charterholder. Before beginning his investment career, Pierre was an aerospace engineering officer with the Department of National Defence.














Antonella Brogno-Miceli



















												Antonella Brogno-Miceli											






												Wealth Consultant, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 925 2402													





														abrognomiceli@cidel.com													














Jamie Brubacher



















												Jamie Brubacher,											


												CFA											





												Institutional Client Consultant & Associate Portfolio Manager, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 5229													





														jbrubacher@cidel.com													














Daniel Bulafkin



















												Daniel Bulafkin											






												Associate Wealth Consultant, Cidel (Pty) Ltd.											




														+27 11 783 8430													





														dbulafkin@cidel.com													














Cynthia Butcher



















												Cynthia Butcher											






												Assistant Vice President, Wealth Consultant, Cidel Bank & Trust Inc.											




														+1 246 430 5350													





														cbutcher@cidel.com													














Stephen Caldwell



















												Stephen Caldwell,											


												CA, CFA											





												Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 5233													





														scaldwell@cidel.com													






Stephen joined AMI Partners, now part of Cidel, in 2010 with 17 years of cumulative experience in investment analysis, portfolio management, client service and sales. He has nine prior years of experience with two major Canadian financial organizations, before which he worked for a major U.K.-based international money manager. Stephen is a graduate of Manchester University in Accounting and Law, is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales and holds the CFA designation.














Bree Callahan



















												Bree Callahan											






												Associate Wealth Consultant, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 0846													





														bcallahan@cidel.com													














Carlos Cardenas



















												Carlos Cardenas											






												Wealth Consultant, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 928 4123													





														ccardenas@cidel.com													














Nad Cyrus



















												Nad Cyrus											






												Vice President, Information Technology, Cidel Bank and Trust Inc.											




														+1 246 430 5350													





														ncyrus@cidel.com													






Nad joined Cidel in 2000 and is a member of the management committee. He is responsible for Cidel’s global technology operations and disaster recovery plans. Prior to joining Cidel, Nad managed the IT infrastructure at a Barbados international bank. He also gained wide knowledge and experience in application development and systems administration working with several prominent Barbadian financial service providers. Nad holds a BSc in Computer Science & Mathematics from the University of the West Indies.














Barry Da Silva



















												Barry Da Silva,											


												CFA											





												Assistant Vice President, Senior Analyst, Portfolio Manager, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 0849													





														bdasilva@cidel.com													






Barry is a member of the Canadian equity team and is responsible for covering the energy sector. Prior to joining Cidel, Barry was a portfolio manager and analyst at a large Canadian life insurance company, as well as at one of Canada’s largest pension plans. He also served as an investment analyst at a Canadian-based asset management company performing fundamental research across various sectors. He is a graduate of the University of Toronto and CFA charterholder. Barry is a past member of the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame finance committee.














Christy DeCosimo



















												Christy DeCosimo,											


												CFA											





												Wealth Consultant, Investment Counsellor, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 342 1648													





														cdecosimo@cidel.com													














David DeGrasse



















												David DeGrasse,											


												CFA											





												Senior Vice President, Head of Fixed Income Mandates, Portfolio Manager, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 5228													





														ddegrasse@cidel.com													






David has over 40 years of investment experience in the investment finance field, specializing in fixed income and is head of the fixed income team.  Prior to joining Cidel, he was a bond portfolio manager with a major insurer and a trust company. He is a CFA charterholder and a graduate of the University of New Brunswick.














David Emond



















												David Emond,											


												CFA											





												Wealth Consultant, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 403 455 1297													





														demond@cidel.com													














Lee Fernandes



















												Lee Fernandes,											


												TEP											





												Senior Wealth Consultant, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 928 4343													





														lfernandes@cidel.com													














Mike Fihrer



















												Mike Fihrer											






												Cidel (Pty) Ltd.											




														+27 11 783 8430													





														mfihrer@cidel.com													














Shonda Forde



















												Shonda Forde											






												Vice President, & Chief Compliance Officer, Cidel Bank and Trust Inc.											




														+1 246 430 5350													





														sforde@cidel.com													






Shonda is responsible for the overall compliance and risk management framework of Cidel Bank and all of Cidel’s associated companies. Prior to joining Cidel as chief compliance officer in 2007, Shonda was a senior examiner with the Central Bank of Barbados, where she was responsible for assessing the risk management framework and the safety and soundness of international banks in Barbados. Shonda holds an MBA in International Banking & Finance from the University of Birmingham, and a BSc in accounting from the University of the West Indies. She is also a Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist.














Bradley Gibbert



















												Bradley Gibbert,											


												CFA											





												Chief Risk Officer, Cidel Bank Canada											




														+1 416 928 4127													





														bgibbert@cidel.com													






Brad is Cidel Bank Canada’s Chief Risk Officer, Cidel Asset Management Inc.’s Chief Compliance Officer and a member of the management committee. In previous roles at the firm, he was responsible for managing of private client relationships, structuring and business development initiatives, and compliance. Prior to joining Cidel in 2000, Brad was an account manager at HSBC Bank Canada in the Corporate Banking Group. Brad holds a BBA from York University, Schulich School of Business, is a CFA charterholder, and is a member of both the Toronto CFA Society and the CFA Institute. 














Robert W. Gibson



















												Robert W. Gibson,											


												CFA											





												Senior Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Head of Canadian Equity Mandates, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 5241													





														rgibson@cidel.com													






Bob joined the Canadian equity team of AMI Partners, now part of Cidel, in 1999 as senior portfolio manager. He is head of Canadian equities and responsible for research in the financial services sector. He has 37 years of experience in investment management and spent 15 years with a large institutional money manager between 1984 and 1999. Bob holds a CFA charter, an MBA from Queen’s University and a BA from the University of Toronto. Bob is also chair of the Casey House Foundation investment committee.














Trevor Gordon



















												Trevor Gordon											






												Investment Analyst, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 246 430 5350													





														tgordon@cidel.com													














Marc Green



















												Marc Green,											


												CFP											





												Senior Wealth Consultant & Director, Cidel (Pty) Ltd.											




														+27 11 783 8430													





														mgreen@cidel.com													














Arthur Heinmaa



















												Arthur Heinmaa,											


												CFA											





												Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 8734													





														aheinmaa@cidel.com													






Arthur is responsible for Cidel’s asset management operations and chairs the investment committee. He oversees the trading, research, operations, and compliance activities of the firm. A Chartered Financial Analyst with a 25-year career in the financial services industry, Arthur frequently lectures on capital markets at seminars and is a contributing subject matter expert for the Stalla CFA review program. He is a past director of several Canadian mutual fund companies and a past director of the Toronto CFA Society.
Arthur currently serves on the finance board of the University of Toronto as well as the following boards: The Scarborough Hospital Foundation, Integra Foundation, Victoria Village Hockey League and chairing financial service program advisory committee at George Brown College. He is a graduate of the University of Toronto.














Rogelio Hernandez



















												Rogelio Hernandez											






												Associate Wealth Consultant, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 0853													





														rhernandez@cidel.com													














Julie Ioffe



















												Julie Ioffe											






												Associate Wealth Consultant, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 403 450 3401													





														jioffe@cidel.com													














Catherine Jackman



















												Catherine Jackman,											


												CFA											





												Senior Institutional Client Relationship Manager & Director, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 8733													





														cjackman@cidel.com													














Leo Jaegerman



















												Leo Jaegerman,											


												CIM, MBA											





												Institutional Client Consultant, Investment Counsellor, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 8743													





														ljaegerman@cidel.com													














Anja Klement



















												Anja Klement,											


												CFP											





												Wealth Consultant, Cidel (Pty) Ltd.											




														+27 11 783 8430													





														aklement@cidel.com													














Raj Kohli



















												Raj Kohli,											


												CFA											





												Assistant Vice President, Senior Analyst, Portfolio Manager, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 925 2907													





														rkohli@cidel.com													






Raj is responsible for supporting the creation and implementation of long-term asset allocations across multiple asset classes, for discretionary and advisory portfolios. Raj has previously worked as an analyst in the Private Investments division at JP Morgan Chase in New York, as a financial engineer at Algorithmics in Toronto and as an analyst at IBM. Raj received a Masters of Science in financial mathematics from Worcester Polytechnic Institute in 2005 and a Bachelors of Science in computer science & applied mathematics from New Jersey Institute of Technology in 2002. He is a CFA charterholder and a member of the Toronto CFA Society and the CFA Institute.














Charles Lannon



















												Charles Lannon,											


												CFA											





												Senior Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Head of Global Equity Mandates, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 8752													





														clannon@cidel.com													






Charles leads the research team in identifying, monitoring and valuing global equity investments. Prior to joining Cidel in 2004, he worked for a major accounting firm’s advisory service practice and for a mutual fund firm. He is a CFA charterholder and a member of the Toronto CFA Society’s equity committee and a volunteer for University College’s alumni mentorship program.














Amanda Lashley



















												Amanda Lashley,											


												LLB, LEC, TEP											





												Vice President, Trust Services, Cidel Bank and Trust Inc.											




														+1 246 430 5350													





														alashley@cidel.com													






Amanda’s responsibilities include managing Cidel’s trust services division and advising on aspects of law relating to trusts, wills, and estates. Prior to joining Cidel, Amanda worked with a Barbados offshore bank as the vice president of structured services, where she managed international trust and corporate relationships and worked on corporate, commercial and international business transactions. Her previous experience also includes working at Royal Bank of Canada in Barbados as a senior trust officer and PricewaterhouseCoopers in Barbados as a senior associate.
Amanda is a member of the Barbados branch of the Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners and has published articles on Trusts for the STEP Journal and is currently the Branch Chair. Amanda holds an LLB from the University of the West Indies and in 1997 was called to the bar of Barbados and Trinidad, she has an LEC from Hugh Wooding Law school, and TEP designation from the Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners.














Matt Maldoff



















												Matt Maldoff,											


												CFA											





												Assistant Vice President, Senior Analyst, Portfolio Manager, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 925 7585													





														mmaldoff@cidel.com													






Matt is responsible for hedge fund portfolio allocations, portfolio risk management, on-site due diligence visits with hedge fund managers, quantitative and qualitative analysis of hedge fund managers and arbitrage strategies. He is an analyst for the Ascent Relative Value Fund, Ltd. and sits on the investment committee. Matt graduated from Richard Ivey School of Business at the University of Western Ontario in 2005 with a Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration (Honours). He is a CFA charterholder and a member of the Toronto CFA Society and the CFA Institute.














Geoff Matus



















												Geoff Matus											






												Chairman,  Cidel Bank Canada											




														+1 416 928 4110													





														gmatus@cidel.com													






Geoff is the chairman and co-founder of Cidel. He is a director of a number of other international manufacturing and financial companies, including Tricon Capital which he co-founded. He has a sustained record of volunteer work in Canada: he is an honorary director and past chair of the board of directors of the Baycrest Centre for Geriatric Care; a past member of the board of the Canadian Opera Company; the board of Mount Sinai Hospital and the board of Governing Council of the University of Toronto, where he currently chairs the Pension and Endowment Investment Advisory Committee. Geoff is a member of the board and chair of the Real Estate Committee of the MaRS Discovery District.
In 2005, Geoff was a recipient of the Jewish Federation award for outstanding service to the community. In 2010, he received the Arbor Award for outstanding service to the University of Toronto and in 2011 he was honoured as “Man of Distinction” by the Israel Cancer Research Fund. Born and raised in South Africa, Geoff graduated with Bachelor of Commerce and LLB from Wits University, and received a Law Degree from Columbia University in New York. While at Wits, Geoff was a co-founder of The Legal Resource Centre in South Africa, when he was the President of the Wits Law Students Council.














Tiziana Ragogna Mazzilli



















												Tiziana Ragogna Mazzilli,											


												CPA, CGA											





												Senior Vice President, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 8737													





														tmazzilli@cidel.com													














Sarah McIntyre



















												Sarah McIntyre											






												Manager, Private Client Services											




														+1 416 645 8744													





														smcintyre@cidel.com													














Bill McKay



















												Bill McKay,											


												CFA, CAIA											





												Senior Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Head of Multi Asset Class Mandates, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 928 4322													





														bmckay@cidel.com													






Bill is chairman of Cidel’s asset allocation committee, a member of the investment committee, and head of the multi-asset class team. His responsibilities include managing a range of discretionary portfolios and investment products and liaising with clients. Prior to joining Cidel, Bill worked with UBS Canada where he served as a director and portfolio manager for high-net-worth clients. Bill was also deputy head of the UBS Canadian Equity team. Prior to that role, he held an advisory role for offshore clients, for whom he provided advice on asset allocation, portfolio construction and security selection. He has a wide variety of experience in equity and fixed income analysis, foreign exchange, and alternative investments.
Bill is both a CFA and CAIA charterholder, a member of the Toronto CFA Society, the CFA Institute and the CAIA Association.














Paul McLeod



















												Paul McLeod,											


												CA											





												Chief Financial Officer, Cidel Bank and Trust											




														+1 246 426 0400													





														pmcleod@cidel.com													






Paul joined Cidel as the chief financial officer in 2008. As CFO, he has overall responsibility for the treasury operations, financial and management reporting and the client accounting function for all of the Cidel group. Paul’s career in international banking began 25 years ago following nine years of experience in public auditing primarily in the banking industry. His international banking career includes senior banking assignments in the United States, Canada, Bermuda, the Bahamas and Barbados. Prior to joining Cidel, he was vice president with Commerzbank A.G. in New York, and managing director of Barrick International Bank Corp. in Barbados. Paul has been a member of the Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountant since 1983 and holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from Lakehead University.














Adrian Meyer



















												Adrian Meyer											






												Deputy Chairman, Cidel Bank & Trust											




														+1 246 426 0300													





														ameyer@cidel.com													






Adrian is a co-founder of Cidel Bank & Trust and chairman of the Cidel Executive Committee and Cidel Trust Company. Prior to co-founding Cidel Bank & Trust in 1998, Adrian co-founded and was a director of another privately owned bank. Adrian’s previous experience includes acting as vice president and controller of National Trust Co Inc., one of Canada’s largest financial institutions which was subsequently sold to the Bank of Nova Scotia. He also held the position of vice president and chief financial officer of the Trans Canada Credit Loan Subsidiary of Norwest (now Wells Fargo) Financial.
Adrian trained with Coopers & Lybrand in South Africa. Adrian has extensive experience as a director of public companies in Canada and South Africa. He has been active for many years in STEP (Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners) and in 2010 was awarded the STEP Founders Award for long term contribution to STEP. Adrian has a BComm (Honours) and is a Chartered Accountant in Canada, Barbados and South Africa.














Juan Carlos Muller



















												Juan Carlos Muller											






												Wealth Consultant											






														jcmuller@cidel.com													














Trevor Nagai



















												Trevor Nagai											






												Vice President, International Business, Cidel Bank and Trust Inc.											




														+1 246 430 5350													





														tnagai@cidel.com													






Trevor is the vice president of international business services at Cidel Bank & Trust Inc. He has been involved in the Barbados international business sector since 1997. His previous experience includes president of a company that was one of the leaders in the alcoholic beverage industry in North America as well as being the managing director of a company that dealt in multi-national retail and consumer sales of branded and non-branded products. Trevor has extensive experience as a director for international business companies in Barbados. He holds a Master of Arts in Economics from the University of Ottawa.














Bruce Omand



















												Bruce Omand											






												Senior Wealth Consultant, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 850 8035													





														bomand@cidel.com													














Ron Patton



















												Ron Patton,											


												CFA, CPA, CA											





												Senior Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Head of Canadian Investment Mandates, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 5240													





														rpatton@cidel.com													






Ron served as president and chief executive officer of AMI Partners, now part of Cidel. He currently sits on the executive committee with leadership responsibilities, and investment management and client relationship roles. Ron became a became bond trader in 1991 and later a portfolio manager specializing in fixed income. Prior to joining Cidel, he worked at a major accounting firm in the Business Valuations and Litigation Support Group. He is a CFA charterholder and graduate of Sir Wilfrid Laurier University.














Henry Perren



















												Henry Perren											






												President, Cidel Bank Canada											




														+1 416 928 4342													





														hperren@cidel.com													






Henry is President of Cidel Bank Canada, Vice Chairman of Cidel Asset Management Inc. and a member of the Cidel management committee. He is responsible for Cidel’s Canadian operations. Henry first joined Cidel in 2003, then served as chief operating officer of AFL Investments Limited (2005-2008), a Bermuda-based financial services firm, before re-joining Cidel in 2009. Henry is a director of The Mabin School. Henry holds an MA from the University of Cambridge.














James Porter



















												James Porter,											


												CFA											





												EVP, Canadian and Institutional Business, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 8741													





														jporter@cidel.com													






James is an experienced financial services leader and draws on significant industry knowledge in his role as head of Canadian and institutional business at Cidel. James is responsible for private wealth, institutional and third-party distribution channels. Prior to joining Cidel, James held executive roles in the wealth management divisions of a large Canadian bank and a global bank’s Canadian and US operations. He is the past chair of the investment industry trade association’s national wealth management committee. He volunteers as Board Vice President at the Child Development Institute, an organisation serving children, youth and their families through early childhood education and innovative programs in mental health. James is a CFA charterholder.














Jason Rademan



















												Jason Rademan											






												Wealth Consultant, Cidel (Pty) Ltd.											




														+27 11 783 8430													





														jrademan@cidel.com													














Armando Ramos



















												Armando Ramos,											


												TEP											





												Senior Wealth Consultant & Director, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 925 2290													





														aramos@cidel.com													














Neil Reines



















												Neil Reines,											


												MBA, TEP											





												Senior Wealth Consultant & Director, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 928 4129													





														nreines@cidel.com													


















Craig Rimer



















												Craig Rimer											






												Chief Executive Officer, Cidel Bank Canada											




														+1 416 928 4125													





														crimer@cidel.com													






Craig is a director and Chairman of Cidel. Prior to joining Cidel as a co-founder in 1999, he was a managing director in CIBC World Markets’ Financial Products Division and worked in the derivatives division of Bankers Trust Company.
He is a member of the Pension and Endowment Investment Advisory Committee to The President of the University of Toronto, a member of the investment committee at Baycrest Centre for Geriatric Care’s Foundation and President of Robbins Hebrew Academy.
Craig was previously a director of the UJA Federation of Greater Toronto, co-chair of the Baycrest investment committee and was treasurer of both the Baycrest Centre and the Baycrest Foundation.
Craig graduated Summa Cum Laude with a BSc in economics from the University of Pennsylvania, Wharton Business School.














Hilton Sacks



















												Hilton Sacks											






												EVP, International Business Development and Marketing, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 928 4126													





														hsacks@cidel.com													






Hilton joined Cidel in 1999 and currently heads international business development and marketing for the group. He is also a member of the management committee. Prior to joining Cidel, Hilton was head of broker distribution for Liberty Life Association of Africa Limited and member of the executive governing body. He is also the past chair of the ethics committee for the Life Underwriters Association of South Africa. Hilton qualified from the Institute of Marketing Management in 1984.














Kip Shaw



















												Kip Shaw,											


												CIM ®											





												Senior Wealth Consultant and Director, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 403 455 1293													





														kshaw@cidel.com													














Natalia Sisnett



















												Natalia Sisnett											






												Vice President, Corporate Services, Cidel Bank and Trust Inc.											




														+1 246 430 5350													





														nsisnett@cidel.com													






Natalia is responsible for the overall management of the Bank’s Corporate Department and for administering a large portfolio of entities in different jurisdictions, principally for Latin American clients. She brings to her current role some 17 years of experience in administering trusts and companies under the laws of Barbados, British Virgin Islands, Cayman, and other jurisdictions. Her previous experience includes working at Ernst & Young as Senior Trust Administrator. Natalia is fluent in Spanish and holds a TEP designation from the Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners.














Charlie Smith



















												Charlie Smith											






												Senior Wealth Consultant, Investment Counsellor, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 928 4124													





														cfsmith@cidel.com													














Robert Spafford



















												Robert Spafford,											


												MBA, CFA											





												Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 8738													





														rspafford@cidel.com													






Robert has more than 19 years of experience in wealth and portfolio management, investment analysis and sales. He uses his accumulated knowledge and experience as part of both the Canadian and Global equity research teams. Robert was promoted to portfolio manager in 2012. Prior to joining Cidel, Robert worked in equity research, specializing in the North American telecommunications sector, at a major Canadian financial institution. He held earlier roles as a senior fund analyst specializing in Canadian equities and fixed income, and as an investment funds specialist. Robert is a CFA charterholder.














Ben Thalman



















												Ben Thalman,											


												CFA, CAIA											





												Investment Analyst, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 928 4350													





														bthalman@cidel.com													






Ben is an investment analyst and part of the fixed income and trading team. He is responsible for assisting in fixed income trading, analysis and research as well as trading and management of the fundamental index funds. Ben received a MSc in financial economics from L’Université de Montréal in 2011 and a Bachelor of Arts in psychology & economics from the University of Waterloo in 2006.
He is a CFA and CAIA charter holder, and a member of the Toronto CFA Society, the CFA Institute and the CAIA Association.














Tracy Thompson



















												Tracy Thompson,											


												MTI, TEP											





												Senior Trust Officer, Cidel Trust Company											




														+1 403 455 1267													





														tthompson@cidel.com													














Ryle Weekes



















												Ryle Weekes,											


												CFA											





												President, Cidel Bank & Trust Inc.											




														+1 246 430 5350													





														rweekes@cidel.com													






Ryle is the president of Cidel Bank & Trust Inc. and is a member of the Cidel management and investment committees. Prior to joining Cidel in 2000, he worked as an equity analyst at TD Global Finance in Ireland and assistant consultant with KPMG Barbados. He is a past President and Treasurer of the Barbados International Business Association (BIBA). Ryle holds a BSc (Honours) in economics and accounting from the University of the West Indies, is a CFA charterholder, and a member of the Barbados CFA Society and the CFA institute.














John Welch



















												John Welch,											


												CFP											





												Senior Wealth Consultant, Cidel Asset Management Inc.											




														+1 416 645 8750													





														jwelch@cidel.com													






















						Current Thinking / News						








 Trump Wins the Presidency; What should investors think.							


November 9, 2016
We never expected to write the words “President Trump” in any commentary but that is where we are today. It has been an extraordinary election campaign that has left many clients, friends and family concerned, disheartened and perhaps afraid. It is at moments like this that we have to distance ourselves from the passion of the moment and reframe the issue. Emotional considerations aside, where is the real risk? The bottom line is this: in the aftermath of the Trump victory we have greater uncertainty, which will entail lower economic growth rates and higher premiums for risky assets.
During the past few years we have witnessed a continued movement in market prices towards safety, resulting in a considerable sacrifice of potential upside. Corporations have continued to amass record amounts of cash as a cushion against another downturn. Investors have withdrawn money from equities and sought the perceived safety of fixed income. In Switzerland, the entire yield curve is negative, meaning investors buying Swiss government bonds in fact pay for the privilege instead of earning from it. Even investing your money for 50 years in Swiss bonds yields nothing. With the election of Trump it is unlikely that any of these situations will change soon.
In general, things never turn out as badly as you might fear. Even if President Trump wants to enact some of his election promises, he will have to work through Congress to get the bills passed. In the past we have seen many governments and presidents come and go without a dramatic impact on business. The problem today is that we can easily envision a number of bleak outcomes. Initially, as with Brexit, we suspect that the markets will stabilize because very little will change in the short run. But leaving aside social and moral judgements, we believe that in this economic environment, the investment risks are somewhat greater ¬– not so much from a legislative perspective but from an economic policy perspective.
For us, the real concern is what will occur in the event that slower US growth slips into a recession. Let’s look at how this could play out over the next few years. First, we expect that at some point during the next year, Trump will announce a replacement for Janet Yellen, the current Chair of the Federal Reserve, whose term expires in February 2018. Her replacement could be someone without the experience or credentials that all Federal Reserve Presidents in recent memory possess. Moreover, Trump has indicated that he would like to reform the Fed, which may well compromise its traditional independence. It is likely that the replacement will be much more beholden to the President and even the Republican Party, which implies a greater focus on inflation and less on the goal of full employment.
Second, if the economy moves into recession, what will be the likely policy response from President Trump? The average decline in interest rates during previous recessions has been about 5%. The Federal Reserve does not have the ability to drop rates further. Previously we would have expected the government to step in and increase spending to stimulate the economy. However, it is more likely that a businessman and Republican will try to restore confidence by cutting spending in a recession, when government revenues are declining. The result could be a long and particularly nasty economic slowdown. We are not forecasting this outcome; however, the possibility of such a scenario is higher now.
For investors, managing risk though judicious equity selection and geographic exposure will be even more important as uncertainty rises. Investors can not blithely assume that the US economy will be the engine of growth that it once was because the possibility of policy mistakes is higher. Our expectations are that economic growth will continue to disappoint, be revised lower and interest rates as a consequence will remain low. At Cidel, we will re-examine our allocations and individual investments in light of this event, as we continually do, to determine appropriate changes in this new environment.
Arthur Heinmaa
Chief Investment Officer, Asset Management




 Comments on the UK Referendum							

June 24, 2016
In a huge surprise, the UK voted to leave the European Union. This decision immediately reverberated through global financial markets with Sterling dropping over 10% versus the US dollar, dropping to a 31 year low, equity markets declining over 5% and the 30 year bond rising 4%. To put things in perspective, the Dow Jones Industrials were up 500 points in the previous 5 days and are expected to lose 500 points at today’s opening. Where financial markets will settle is still unknown, but we wanted to share some of our initial thoughts on this historic day.
1. Is this the beginning of another financial crisis?
This is not another Lehman. The voting results surprised yesterday’s consensus, resulting in dramatic short-term moves in the market but this decision in no way undermines the financial system. The banking system today is better capitalized and less leveraged than at any time in recent memory. This vote is not the same as the financial crisis of 2008. Investors should not liquidate their portfolios thinking that we are on the brink of a financial collapse. What we have experienced is a global repricing of financial assets based on the prospects for lower growth in the future.
2. What are the key things to consider?
In our view there are three important features of this vote to consider. First, the vote is clearly a vote against the establishment.  Almost universally economists, business leaders and academics supported and campaigned for the remain side. Despite the reasoned, logical arguments put forth by the remain side, voters rejected those arguments and instead sided with the populist anti-immigration anti-Europe leave campaign. Indeed those cheering the results are none other than Donald Trump, Marie Le Pen and Frauke Pettry (Alternative for Germany) all of whom are campaigning as the anti-establishment candidates in their countries.
Second, there was a dramatic split between the young (under 35) and the old (over 60) with the young voting almost 75% in favour of remaining in the EU and an equally large portion of the older population voting to leave. In the abstract this result is disheartening because the younger population will have to live with a decision that they clearly did not want. Only time will tell if this decision lingers in the minds of younger voters when it comes time to make decisions on pensions and healthcare for retirees.
Third, there was a large split in the vote between the large urban areas and the rural areas. London, Edinburgh, Liverpool and  Manchester all voted to stay with the bulk of the smaller regions voting to leave. The polarization of voting was remarkable and we think it is an indication of how the smaller regions believe that they have been bypassed in this new era of globalization.
This pattern of voting is not unique to the UK.   It is likely that we will see a similar pattern in Spain on June 26th and in the US this fall. This polarization between the young and old, urban and rural and the establishment and populists will only increase political uncertainty in any future election. All of which will make it riskier for corporations to make longer term capital commitments.
3. What are the consequences for the economy?
Overall we should expect lower growth in the future. In times of market turbulence we regularly look at what is happening in the fixed income markets to validate or refute what is happening in equity markets. The US long bond dropped from a yield of 2.56% to 2.39% in the space of a few hours. It might seem like a minor move but in fixed income markets this move is nothing short of remarkable. It is a clear indication that the expectation will be for lower growth and lower rates for a longer period of time.
The reasons for lower growth are straightforward and both are rooted in the uncertainty surrounding the timing, terms and conditions of the UK exiting the euro. Corporations in Europe or doing business in Europe will be more cautious and will delay or slow investment in that region until the terms of business are clear. Given the size of the European economy this will have an impact on the prospects for global growth.
For the individual, particularly in Europe, our suspicion is that they will be more risk averse and accumulate savings rather than spending or investing. This situation will act as a brake on growth and might drive interest rates even lower throughout the European area and the rest of the developed world.
4. Should I adjust my portfolio?
The answer is no. The instinct to run to cash is always powerful in times of uncertainty and it is important to fight that sentiment and stick to a disciplined plan. Rarely do short term emotional decisions work out well. One can’t trade on yesterday’s prices so the decisions must be based on what the prices are today and more importantly what they might be in the future. Hence, the important activity will be to incorporate this new reality into our valuation models and make appropriate changes to holdings and asset allocations if required.
The past twenty-four hours have been unlike anything we have seen since the UK withdrew from the European Exchange Rate Mechanism (ERM). We will continue to monitor markets and will make changes to your portfolios only if it is warranted by valuation concerns and not emotion.
Please feel free to contact your Cidel Consultant if you have any other questions.
Arthur Heinmaa
Chief Investment Officer, Asset Management





































Craig Rimer | Cidel Asset Management Inc. | Email CEO @toron-ami.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL





















































 




                    Cidel Asset Management Inc.





toron-ami.com





590 King St. West, Suite 200                 
                 
Toronto, ON M5V1M3
Phone: 416-977-6767
Fax: N/A










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

100 - 249

Revenue: 

Not Available

Industry:  
                    Finance->Investment Bank/Brokerage                
SIC Code:  
                     6211  - Security Brokers and Dealers
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











No Categories





No Products Found












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All Analytics
CMS
eCommerce










Google Analytics
Google Analytics shows you the full customer picture across ads and videos, websites and social tools, tablets and smartphones. That makes it easier to serve your current customers and win new ones.






WordPress
WordPress - popular blogging platform






AspDotNetStorefront
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND







NO PRESS EVENTS







Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data





No Records Found.







Showing 1 to 
                1                                

                                    of 12 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS

















Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Cidel Asset Management Inc. is a Toronto, ON-based company working within the Investment bank/brokerage industry. You can find Cidel Asset Management Inc. email format addresses here with the domain @toron-ami.com.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@toron-ami.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Craig Rimer
Craig Rimer is part of Cidel Asset Management Inc., an organization which has its main offices in Toronto, ON.  Craig serves as the CEO at Cidel Asset Management Inc..  If you're searching for Cidel Asset Management Inc. email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @toron-ami.com along with Craig Rimer's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.Cidel Asset Management Inc.'s Lead411 profile is categorized under the Investment bank/brokerage industry.  Some possible email formats for Craig Rimer are CRimer@toron-ami.com, Craig.Rimer@toron-ami.com, Craig@toron-ami.com, and Craig_Rimer@toron-ami.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@toron-ami.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
NexGen Financial Limited Partnership
NexGen Financial Limited Partnership, a company that works within the Investment bank/brokerage industry. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Nexgen Financial Limited Partnership email addresses with the @nexgenfinancial.cadomain format. They have their head office in Toronto, ON.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@nexgenfinancial.ca addresses.
Ryerson Investment Group
Ryerson Investment Group is a Toronto, ON-based company working within the Investment bank/brokerage industry. You can find Ryerson Investment Group email format addresses here with the domain @capitalmarketsgroup.ca.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@capitalmarketsgroup.ca addresses.
Corporate Finance Associates - Canada
Corporate Finance Associates - Canada, a business led by CEO , is part of the Investment bank/brokerage industry. Corporate Finance Associates - Canada email  with the @cfaw.ca format, you can check their Lead411 profile. They hold their main office in Oakville, ON and more data like cfo contacts and linkedin data can be found within our profiles.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@cfaw.ca addresses.




Company Directory > Cidel Asset Management Inc.























Trustee | MPI








































IM Log In 
			
			
			| IM Sign Up













Remember me













 
 

IM Directory



< Back to Listings



Cidel Asset Management Inc.
 





 

Links

Company Website




Who we are
Cidel is a Canadian-based global private bank and asset manager. We help high net worth individuals, families and institutions protect and grow their wealth. Our expertise spans three well integrated service areas:
• Asset Management
• Planning Structuring & Trust
• Specialized banking
We’re a unique firm in the way we combine the scale and capability of a large global bank, with the continuity and genuine commitment to service of a boutique firm.
What we do
For over 50 years, Cidel has been helping people figure out which opportunities are an ideal match, and which ones are not. We bring a global perspective to the conversation and connect private investors to institutional thinking and solutions. Behind each strategy is a rigorous process that leads to superior results. By customizing a portfolio that includes multiple asset classes or types (i.e. stocks, fixed income, cash and alternative investments) from around the world, we are able to diversify the risk and finely tune the overall investment to meet the specific needs of the individual. Our goal is really simple: bring the best ideas, strategies and managers form around the world to your portfolio, and deliver superior returns through a robust and repeatable process. With vast experience in global markets our equity team is adept at matching the diverse needs of our clients with smart, stable equity strategies.


Contacts

Jamie Brubacher 
									Toronto									Institutional Client Consultant
jbrubacher@Cidel.com
									+1 416 645 5229									











 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Follow @twitter





 















 

Cidel Asset Management Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 11:01 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Cidel Asset Management Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Cidel Asset Management Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to private and institutional clients, pension funds, foundations and endowments, insurance companies, sovereign and agency funds, and public mutual funds. It manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. The firm also manages mutual funds. It invests in the public equity markets of the world. The firm primarily invests in stocks of small-cap companies across diversified sectors. It employs combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis to create its portfolios. The firm conducts in-house research to make its investments. It was formerly known as Toron AMI...
Cidel Asset Management Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to private and institutional clients, pension funds, foundations and endowments, insurance companies, sovereign and agency funds, and public mutual funds. It manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. The firm also manages mutual funds. It invests in the public equity markets of the world. The firm primarily invests in stocks of small-cap companies across diversified sectors. It employs combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis to create its portfolios. The firm conducts in-house research to make its investments. It was formerly known as Toron AMI International Asset Management. The firm is based in Toronto, Canada with an additional office in Calgary, Canada. Cidel Asset Management Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Cidel Financial Group, Inc.
Detailed Description


60 Bloor Street West9th FloorToronto, ON M4W 3BBCanada



Phone: 416-925-5504

Fax: 416-925-8229

www.toron-ami.com







Key Executives for Cidel Asset Management Inc.




Mr. Arthur Heinmaa CFA


      	Chief Executive Officer, Managing Partner, Portfolio Manager and Board Member
      








Mr. Peter D. Sacks


      	Founding Partner and Board Member
      


Age: 72
        







Mr. Robert H. Gibson CFA


      	Founding Partner & Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Tiziana Mazzilli Ragogna CPA, CGA


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Ms. Christy DeCosimo CFA


      	Investment Counselor and Director of Business Development
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Cidel Asset Management Inc. Key Developments

Cidel Asset Management Names Hudson Creek as its US Distribution Partner
Feb 2 17
Cidel Asset Management Inc. appointed Hudson Creek Strategies LLC as its distribution partner in the US. Hudson Creek Strategies provides simplified and profitable access to the US marketplace for non-US investment managers.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2251442 Ontario Inc. Americas 26 Broadway Capital Corp. Americas 4Front Capital Partners, Inc. Americas 888 Capital Group Americas A Nihmey & Associates Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cidel Asset Management Inc., please visit www.toron-ami.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 



Toron AMI - Our philosophy. Your Results.


































































Client Login














































Our Philosophy. Your Results.
At Cidel Asset Management, we’ve built one of Canada’s more progressive investment management firms around a simple idea: partnership. Our team-driven, disciplined approach to investing globally and in Canada, along with superior service and open communication, leads to better outcomes for our clients. After all, that’s why our clients stay with us year after year.
Cidel is a global private banking group that offers a broad range of services and expertise. We manage the Toron AMI investment strategies that have benefitted our clients for over 50 years.
Questions? Ask us.




CURRENT FEATURE

Commentary: Earnings and Interest Rates


Commentary: Investing for the Ultra-Long Term


Commentary: AI is coming whether you like it or not


Recommended Reading: Key Investment Themes for 2017


In the Media: Karl Berger on BNN - Jan 16, 2017


Recommended Reading: Spotlight on our Balanced Portfolio









 










Our philosophy. Your results.

Institutional Investors
Private Client
US Investors









About Us
Team
Investing With Us
Thinking & Commentary
Contact Us
 Have Questions? Ask Us.





















Enter
















﻿






























Cidel Asset Management Inc. Reduces Position in Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Becton Dickinson and Company

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Becton Dickinson and Company with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.72 Per Share
Brokerages Expect Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $5.09 Billion
$1.83 Billion in Sales Expected for Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) This Quarter
Arcadia Investment Management Corp MI Maintains Position in Altria Group (MO)
Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Shares Bought by Wright Investors Service Inc.
TransAlta Renewables Inc to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.07 (TSE:RNW)
Kroger Company (The) (KR) Shares Sold by Teachers Advisors LLC
Acadia Realty Trust (NYSE:AKR) Position Reduced by New York State Teachers Retirement System
Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (SHW) Shares Sold by Nomura Holdings Inc.
Pennant Capital Management LLC Takes Position in J.M. Smucker Company (The) (SJM)
Chatham Capital Group Inc. Cuts Position in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX)
Advisor Partners LLC Acquires 118 Shares of United Technologies Corporation (UTX)
Fort Washington Investment Advisors Inc. OH Has $1.63 Million Position in CSX Corporation (NASDAQ:CSX)
Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (NYSE:HE) Position Reduced by New York State Teachers Retirement System
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Acquires 30,184 Shares of EPR Properties (EPR)
Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 2,626 Shares of Pepsico, Inc. (PEP)
Highbridge Capital Management LLC Acquires Shares of 4,084 DST Systems, Inc. (DST)
Assetmark Inc. Raises Stake in The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC)
Associated Banc-Corp (NYSE:ASB) Shares Bought by Amalgamated Bank
Cidel Asset Management Inc. Reduces Position in Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX)







Cidel Asset Management Inc. Reduces Position in Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Cidel Asset Management Inc. decreased its stake in shares of  Becton, Dickinson and Company (NYSE:BDX) by 63.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 1,097 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock after selling 1,938 shares during the period. Cidel Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Becton, Dickinson and were worth $205,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in BDX. A.R.T. Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of  Becton, Dickinson and during the fourth quarter valued at about $7,251,000.  Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC raised its stake in shares of  Becton, Dickinson and by 1.6% in the fourth quarter. Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC now owns 14,927 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $2,471,000 after buying an additional 235 shares in the last quarter.  GSA Capital Partners LLP purchased a new stake in shares of  Becton, Dickinson and during the fourth quarter valued at $3,019,000.  First Republic Investment Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Becton, Dickinson and by 3.1% in the fourth quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. now owns 125,270 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $20,738,000 after buying an additional 3,804 shares during the period.  Finally, Fiera Capital Corp raised its stake in shares of  Becton, Dickinson and by 10.1% in the fourth quarter. Fiera Capital Corp now owns 2,399,816 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $397,289,000 after buying an additional 219,324 shares during the period. 75.48% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Becton Dickinson and Company alerts:



Becton, Dickinson and Company (NYSE:BDX) opened at 205.30 on Monday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $195.21 and a 200 day moving average price of $184.45. The company has a market cap of $43.79 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.10 and a beta of 1.05. Becton, Dickinson and Company has a 52 week low of $161.29 and a 52 week high of $205.73. 





Becton, Dickinson and (NYSE:BDX) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The medical instruments supplier reported $2.30 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.23 by $0.07. The business had revenue of $2.97 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.92 billion. Becton, Dickinson and had a return on equity of 25.37% and a net margin of 10.67%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 3.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $2.18 earnings per share.  Analysts expect that  Becton, Dickinson and Company will post $9.45 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 9th were given a $0.73 dividend. This represents a $2.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.42%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 7th. Becton, Dickinson and’s payout ratio is 48.26%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Cidel Asset Management Inc. Reduces Position in Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX)” was first  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/cidel-asset-management-inc-sells-1938-shares-of-becton-dickinson-and-company-bdx-updated-updated.html. 
BDX has been the subject of several recent research reports. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $200.00 price objective on shares of Becton, Dickinson and in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Zacks Investment Research raised Becton, Dickinson and from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $206.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $177.00 price objective on shares of Becton, Dickinson and in a report on Thursday, April 13th. Evercore ISI raised Becton, Dickinson and from an “in-line” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $186.00 to $200.00 in a report on Monday, April 24th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised Becton, Dickinson and from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and decreased their price objective for the stock from $210.00 to $180.00 in a report on Friday, June 30th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned  a hold rating, eight have issued  a buy rating and two have assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $194.69.
In other Becton, Dickinson and news, VP Jeffrey S. Sherman sold 28,765 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $185.98, for a total value of $5,349,714.70. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 70,821 shares in the company, valued at $13,171,289.58. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Corporate insiders own  1.40% of the company’s stock. 
About Becton, Dickinson and
Becton, Dickinson and Company (BD) is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products. The Company operates through two segments: BD Medical and BD Life Sciences. The BD Medical segment produces an array of medical technologies and devices that are used to help improve healthcare delivery in a range of settings.







Receive News & Ratings for Becton Dickinson and Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Becton Dickinson and Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


















































Cidel Asset Management Inc. - PMAC



Cidel Asset Management Inc. - PMAC























































Skip to content

















for investors









View Firm Profile
Back to search








Cidel Asset Management Inc.


Address

								60 Bloor Street West								                                    
									9th Floor																                                    
									Toronto,
									Ontario									M4W 3B8
								
								                                    
									(416) 977 - 6767								
								
								                                    
                                    Toll Free:
									(800) 463 - 7475								                                

									invest@cidel.com                                


									cidel.com                                

Principal Contacts
															
								                                    Tel: (800) 463 - 7475																	
								                                    

										invest@cidel.com                                    
Client Minimums

																
																	Private: $500,000								                            
							Institutional: $500,000
							                            
Types of Accounts Managed

Private Individual / Investor
Institutional Investor - Non-Profit
Institutional Investor - Other

Provinces of Business

Alberta
British Columbia
Ontario*

* indicates a physical location in this province






















﻿
































Page Arthur B Has $409,000 Stake in DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Ingredion Incorporated (INGR) Shares Bought by BB&T Corp
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Shares Bought by Westwood Management Corp IL
Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Decreases Stake in Akamai Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:AKAM)
Westwood Management Corp IL Holds Position in Smith (A.O.) Corporation (NYSE:AOS)
Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:ARCC)
Page Arthur B Has $409,000 Stake in DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY)
Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Position Maintained by Rothschild Capital Partners LLC
4,689 Shares in Lam Research Corporation (NASDAQ:LRCX) Acquired by Altfest L J & Co. Inc.
Altfest L J & Co. Inc. Buys 56 Shares of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC)
Newfield Exploration Company (NFX) Receives $44.92 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages
The Finish Line, Inc. (NASDAQ:FINL) Receives $17.44 Consensus PT from Analysts
Axa SA (EPA:CS) Receives €25.68 Average Target Price from Analysts
Comparing Powell Industries (POWL) and Littelfuse (LFUS)
Brookfield Infrastructure Partners (BIP) vs. Pointer Telocation (PNTR) Critical Contrast
PPG Industries (NYSE:PPG) versus The Valspar Corp (VAL) Head-To-Head Analysis
T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ:TMUS) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC
Royal Hawaiian Orchards LP (OTCMKTS:NNUTU) Major Shareholder Farhad Fred Ebrahimi Acquires 10,322 Shares
Head-To-Head Review: CrossAmerica Partners (CAPL) versus World Fuel Services Corporation (NYSE:INT)
Novartis AG (NOVN) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates
Analysts Set EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG) Price Target at $110.22




 


Page Arthur B Has $409,000 Stake in DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY)

					Posted by Mitch Edgeman on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 




Page Arthur B held its position in  DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (NASDAQ:XRAY) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 6,303 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Page Arthur B’s holdings in DENTSPLY SIRONA were worth $409,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. BB&T Corp raised its position in  DENTSPLY SIRONA by 32.2% in the second quarter. BB&T Corp now owns 14,961 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $970,000 after buying an additional 3,642 shares during the last quarter.  Oakbrook Investments LLC acquired a new position in  DENTSPLY SIRONA during the second quarter valued at $671,000.  US Bancorp DE raised its position in  DENTSPLY SIRONA by 0.6% in the second quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 28,435 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $1,843,000 after buying an additional 165 shares during the last quarter.  BTIM Corp. raised its position in  DENTSPLY SIRONA by 51.2% in the second quarter. BTIM Corp. now owns 690,631 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $44,781,000 after buying an additional 233,929 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Aperio Group LLC raised its position in  DENTSPLY SIRONA by 10.1% in the second quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 108,386 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $7,028,000 after buying an additional 9,973 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  94.92% of the company’s stock. 


 Get DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. alerts:



DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (NASDAQ XRAY) traded down 0.64% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $62.52. 449,105 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $14.33 billion, a PE ratio of 40.23 and a beta of 1.27. DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. has a 1-year low of $55.00 and a 1-year high of $65.68. The company has a 50-day moving average of $64.12 and a 200-day moving average of $61.96. 




DENTSPLY SIRONA (NASDAQ:XRAY) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The medical instruments supplier reported $0.49 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.50 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $900.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $916.55 million. DENTSPLY SIRONA had a return on equity of 7.37% and a net margin of 9.42%. DENTSPLY SIRONA’s quarterly revenue was up 16.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.69 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts expect that  DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. will post $2.84 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, October 13th. Investors of record on Friday, September 29th will be issued a dividend of $0.0875 per share. This represents a $0.35 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.56%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, September 28th. DENTSPLY SIRONA’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 22.58%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Page Arthur B Has $409,000 Stake in DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY)” was  published by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/24/page-arthur-b-has-409000-stake-in-dentsply-sirona-inc-xray.html. 
Several research firms recently weighed in on XRAY. BidaskClub lowered shares of DENTSPLY SIRONA from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 19th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of DENTSPLY SIRONA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $72.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, July 13th. Credit Suisse Group  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $75.00 price target (up previously from $67.00) on shares of DENTSPLY SIRONA in a research note on Thursday, July 13th. HC Wainwright initiated coverage on shares of DENTSPLY SIRONA in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. They set a “buy” rating and a $74.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Cleveland Research raised shares of DENTSPLY SIRONA from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 23rd. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned  a hold rating and nine have issued  a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $67.92.
DENTSPLY SIRONA Company Profile
DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc is a manufacturer of professional dental products and technologies. The Company develops, manufactures, and markets solutions offering, including dental and oral health products, as well as other consumable medical devices. It operates through two segments: Dental and Healthcare Consumables, and Technologies.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XRAY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (NASDAQ:XRAY).







Receive News & Ratings for DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website





























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Our Latest Thinking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Our Latest Thinking











Identifying the main drivers of long-term change is key to investment success in the 21st century. We believe we are at the beginning of a secular growth phase for the U.S. economy driven largely by the rebalancing of global growth from the developed to the developing world. We focus on the long-term drivers, the macro forces and investment themes at play across industries that are taking us into the next growth cycle.
Learn More






2017 Mid-Year ISO: The Tortoise and the Hare Cycle

Learn More









2017 U.S. Trust Insights on Wealth and Worth®
Our Survey results reveal common success traits that create a picture of modern day wealth in America.
Learn More









Reaping What We Compute
The Future of Technology in Agriculture
Learn More






Making It Your Mission
What values drive and inform your giving?
Learn More






Estate Administration in the Digital Era
Modern technology and antiquated statutes can present estate administrators with unexpected challenges.
Learn More






Highlights from the 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of HNW Philanthropy
Our study reveals a passion for philanthropy but also uncertainty about the impact.
Watch The Video






Capital Acumen Issue 32
 The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as a part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






The Growing Adoption of Wind Power
 The wind power industry is expected to deliver rapid job growth over the next decade.
Learn More






THE OWNER'S EMOTIONAL JOURNEY
 Lessons Learned Before, During and After the Sale of a Business 
Learn More






2017 Viewpoint: Shifting winds
Navigating Uncertainty with Specialty Assets
Learn More






Market Insights You Can Act On
Having the ability to have a pulse on what's going on around the world is absolutely critical.
Watch The Video









Alternative Energy: Powering a Brighter Future
Conventional sources are expected to continue to dominate the energy mix as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy
Learn More






Technology Is Disrupting Everything—Even Sneakers
CIO Chris Hyzy looks at game-changing innovation across industries and the often unexpected investment opportunities it's creating
Watch The Video






Sci-Fi M.D.: Moore's Law Meets the Hippocratic Oath
With technology generating futuristic advances, look for investment opportunities within healthcare — and beyond
Learn More






The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK's vote point to an uncertain future across the Eurozone and elsewhere.
Learn More






New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Optimism about the impact of President Trump's potentially pro-growth policies accelerates tectonic shifts in the markets.
Learn More






Five Investment Themes for 2017
Global equity markets are ending the year on a high note with solid gains for the fourth quarter so far in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Learn More






PRESIDENT TRUMP: WHAT HIS TAX PROPOSALS COULD MEAN FOR YOU
Mitch Drossman discusses what tax-planning steps individuals and corporations should consider.
Watch The Video






The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 
Who's Giving to Which Causes and Why
Read More






Don't Fight the Fed
Despite unfavorable predictions from many economists, a stable dollar and the Federal Reserve's cautious stance seem to have staved off a global recession.
Read More






Investing in Iran: Roses or Thorns?
 In a nation newly open to foreign commerce, we find an abundance of investment opportunities — and caveats
Read More






In Conversation With Jane McGonigal
Shall we play a game? The author and video game designer talks time, gaming and the future.
Read More






IMPACT INVESTING: PEOPLE, THE PLANET AND PROFIT
As Impact Investing Comes Of Age, Investors Can Finally Seek a Better World and Return on Investment.
Learn More






Can China's Economy Bounce Back
DeAnne Steele on the depreciation of the yuan, the changing focus of the Chinese economy, and what it all means for investors.
Read More







Business Owners: You, Your Family, and Your Business
Working with a global financial services company helps enable you to address — and simplify — both your business and personal financial lives.

Learn More  







 KEEPING PENSION FUNDING GOALS IN SIGHT
This white paper investigates the use of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in pension funding strategies.
Learn More 






Investing for Maximum Impact
Today's investors are using their portfolios to change the world-without losing return potential
Learn More




 



Addressing Memory and Your Family
There is no cure for cognitive decline, but we have a partial solution: being prepared for the unexpected.
Watch The Video






Rebuilding America: The Road Ahead
U.S. roads and highways, bridges and power grids, and other critical infrastructure have fallen into dangerous disrepair.
Learn More






Timberland as a Sustainable Investment
Timberland offers an opportunity to pursue both—an environmentally sensitive investment platform and financial advantages.
Learn More







Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, highlights why women are growing into an economic superpower
Learn More







Women and Climate Change
Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, describes how women may be especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change
Learn More






Direct Real Estate Investing
Commercial real estate offers the potential for attractive yields, capital appreciation and valuable tax benefits.
Learn More






A fixed income investment approach designed to optimize after-tax yield and after-tax total return
Learn More






Experiences shared and lessons learned from entrepreneurs who successfully sold or transferred their businesses to family members.
Learn More









Intelligent Outsourcing
This white paper examines when the outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) arrangement may be appropriate for an organization.
Learn More






The Power of Positive Teaching
Educating children about the responsibilities of wealth can help keep them wealth-smart.
Learn More





Mitch Drossman, U.S. Trust's national director of wealth planning strategies, discusses the midterm election results, their possible legislative impact, and the implications from a tax-planning perspective.
Watch The Video












Specialty Asset Management
Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
Learn More






Transitioning America's Farmland
It's clear that over the next decade or so, much of America's farmland — now held or farmed by an aging generation — will need to be transitioned.
Learn More






From Best Practices to Next Practices
In search of long-term and sustained philanthropic impact.
Learn More






Making Specialty Asset Gifts Work for Your Organization
Without the proper planning, accepting gifts of real assets today can lead to unexpected and potentially costly consequences. Are you prepared?
Learn More






Women and Girls Equality Strategy
By applying a gender lens, investors can align their portfolios with the goal of supporting gender equality while seeking a market rate of return.
Learn More






The more successful and established entrepreneurs become, the more likely they are to want a more formal mechanism for giving.
Learn More






Family Wealth Services
Our comprehensive, values-based approach to meeting the wealth management needs of our clients and their families.
Learn More






The ElderCare Planning Program
We are committed to addressing the wealth management needs of our clients and their aging families.
Learn More






Personalized Banking and Credit
Your banking and credit needs deserve the same level of expertise as your investments.
Learn More






Customized Aviation Financing
Developing a financing strategy for your aircraft.
Learn More






Financial Empowerment
Prepare your children for the important financial opportunities that lie ahead.
Learn More






Financing a special and unique asset.
Learn More



 






 







Filter By:





Capabilities


Show All
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring and Planning
Credit & Banking




Topics


Show All

Tax Planning
Trusts and Estates
Non-Financial Assets
Philanthropy










Back to Top




AR-ARTPRMPV-EXP-2018.02.7























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)



   







U.S. Trust - Credit and Banking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Credit and Banking
Financing and Liquidity Solutions
With our wide array of credit and banking capabilities, we can build a custom credit solution that works for you.






Custom credit
Sophisticated solutions for your credit needs1
Your financial strength allows you to use credit strategically to create and benefit from unique financial opportunities. We can provide financing solutions to help meet immediate short and long-term needs plus specialty financing options when your borrowing need is to acquire assets, including:

Yachts
Aircraft
Fine art
Investor commercial real estate
Hedge funds
Concentrated or restricted stock positions
Recreational real estate


Customized credit solutions can also play a crucial role in implementing your trust and wealth transfer strategies.
Private Client Line2
A flexible line of credit, secured by your investment management accounts at U.S. Trust. The Private Client Line is designed to help you meet liquidity needs and enhance your cash flow without depleting cash reserves or compromising your investment strategy.

Private Client Line 

Liquidity services
Simplified banking and enhanced convenience
A key component of your overall financial strategy should include cash management. At U.S. Trust, we offer traditional banking solutions and services designed to help you:

Manage traditional everyday liquidity
Maximize access and convenience to your funds
Generate competitive returns on your deposit balances

Your client team will develop a tailored financial strategy to help meet your short-term liquidity needs as well as your longer-term personal and financial goals.
Real estate finance
A strategic approach to structuring transactions
The right mortgage can not only meet your residential real estate needs, but can be a cornerstone of managing your wealth. You will be advised by a team of specialists who understand substantial real estate transactions and the importance of personalized loan structures. From traditional or customized mortgages to home equity lines of credit, we will work to find the right solution to help meet your needs.
Financial management tools
Sophisticated and secure account management services
Monitor and manage your U.S. Trust accounts at any time using our sophisticated and secure online and mobile3 banking capabilities. You can also view your accounts at other financial institutions4 and transfer funds from them into your U.S. Trust accounts.
If you own a small business, simplify your business banking and management through our powerful account management service. In addition to these everyday banking services, U.S. Trust offers special resources to families with particularly complex wealth needs and ownership structures.

1 Bank of America, N.A. and its affiliates do not serve in a fiduciary capacity when offering or providing any type of credit solution.
2 The Private Client Line is offered by U.S. Trust and not by or through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated. Credit is subject to approval. Normal credit standards apply.
3 You must first enroll in Online Banking and set up Transfers and Bill Pay. Wireless carrier fees may apply.
4 To view accounts from another financial institution, you must have online access set up with that institution.
Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Banking & Mortgage products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC.
AR-ARJKLDHJ-EXP-2017.12.14






Videos:


Art as a Source of Liquidity



Leveraging Your Art Collection








You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

Personalized Banking and Credit
Aviation Financing
Customized Marine Financing
Fine Art Lending




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   










Maintenance Management Software Price Quotes From Qualified Sellers




































Maintenance Management Software Price Quotes From Qualified Sellers




































Maintenance Management Software Price Quotes From Qualified Sellers




































Maintenance Management Software Price Quotes From Qualified Sellers


































Fiduciary Management, Inc. | Investment Counsel



















































Home
About Us

Introduction
Professional Staff


Institutional Investors

Introduction
Small Cap Equity Composite
Large Cap Equity Composite
All Cap Equity Composite
International Equity Composite
Strategy Letters

Small Cap Equity ISO Letters
Large Cap Equity ISO Letters
All Cap Equity ISO Letters
International Equity ISO Letters


Articles


FMI Mutual Funds
Contact Us




























 Fiduciary Management, Inc. (“FMI”), founded in 1980, is an independent money management firm based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. FMI’s equity investing strategies apply a value discipline, with a focused approach firmly rooted in fundamental research.   As of 6/30/2017, FMI manages over $25 billion in assets for domestic and international institutions, individual investors, and Registered Investment Advisors through separately managed accounts and the FMI Family of Funds.






















             ©2017  Fiduciary Management, Inc.   

        










FMI Mutual Funds | Fiduciary Management, Inc.
























































Home
FMI Mutual Funds

Funds Overview
FMI Large Cap Fund

FMI Large Cap Fund Performance Summary
FMI Large Cap Fund Quarterly Snapshot
FMI Large Cap Fund Most Recent Quarter End Holdings
FMI Large Cap Fund Prospectus and SAI
FMI Large Cap Fund Distribution Summary
FMI Large Cap Fund Shareholder Reports


FMI Common Stock Fund

FMI Common Stock Fund Performance Summary
FMI Common Stock Fund Quarterly Snapshot
FMI Common Stock Fund Most Recent Quarter End Holdings
FMI Common Stock Fund Prospectus and SAI
FMI Common Stock Fund Distribution Summary
FMI Common Stock Fund Shareholder Reports


FMI International Fund

FMI International Fund Performance Summary
FMI International Fund Quarterly Snapshot
FMI International Fund Most Recent Quarter End Holdings
FMI International Fund Prospectus and SAI
FMI International Fund Distribution Summary
FMI International Fund Shareholder Reports


General Fund Links

Forms and IRA Information
FMI Funds Privacy Policy
Mutual Fund Tax Information
Proxy Policy
Proxy Voting Records


Articles


Prospectuses & Applications / XBRL Documents
Contact Us






















Fiduciary Management, Inc. » FMI Mutual Funds 
FMI Mutual Funds

Announcement: FMI International Fund Closed to New Investors
Links below contain additional information regarding the Institutional Class:

Shareholder Letter Regarding Institutional Class
Exchange Form for Direct Shareholders




INVESTOR CLASS
INSTITUTIONAL CLASS
TOTAL AUM (MILLIONS)

FMI Large Cap Fund
FMIHX
FMIQX
$6,398.5


FMI Common Stock Fund
FMIMX
FMIUX
$1,052.9


FMI International Fund
FMIJX
FMIYX
$8,191.4



Annual Distributions as of December 16, 2016
As of 7/26/2017



FUND
INCEPTION DATE
NAV
PRICE CHANGE
DAILY NAV% CHANGE
YTD PERFORMANCE










FMIHX
12/31/2001
$21.80
-$0.05
-0.23%
10.55%


FMIQX
10/31/2016
$21.80
-$0.05
-0.23%
10.60%










FMIMX
12/18/1981
$27.81
-$0.21
-0.75%
6.39%


FMIUX
10/31/2016
$27.82
-$0.22
-0.78%
6.43%










FMIJX
12/31/2010
$33.10
$0.02
0.06%
10.78%


FMIYX
10/31/2016
$33.12
$0.02
0.06%
10.84%



The returns do not reflect the deduction of taxes that a shareholder would pay on Fund distributions or the redemption of Fund shares. Performance data quoted represents past performance; past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Annual operating expenses for FMIHX, FMIQX, FMIMX, FMIUX, FMIJX, and FMIYX as of the Prospectus dated 1/31/2017 and supplemented 3/17/2017 are as follows: 0.84%, 0.72%, 1.04%, 0.94%, 0.94%, and 0.80%, respectively.
For more information about the FMI Family of Funds, including fees and expenses, call (800) 811-5311 for a free prospectus or summary prospectus (also available from this website). Please read these prospectuses carefully to consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing or sending money. These prospectuses contain this and more information. Please read these prospectuses carefully before investing.
Risks associated with investing in the Funds include: Stock Market Risk, Medium and Large Capitalization Companies Risk, Non-diversification Risk, Value Investing Risk, Foreign Securities Risk, Geographic Concentration Risk, Currency Hedging Risk and Liquidity Risk.



 
FMI Mutual Funds Customer Service
800-811-5311
Please reference your mutual fund’s
name and account number when
contacting Customer Service.


 
Forms and IRA Information
Privacy Policy
Tax Information
Proxy Policy
Proxy Voting Records





















             ©2017  Fiduciary Management, Inc.   

        











Contact FMI Funds | Fiduciary Management, Inc.























































Home
FMI Mutual Funds

Funds Overview
FMI Large Cap Fund

FMI Large Cap Fund Performance Summary
FMI Large Cap Fund Quarterly Snapshot
FMI Large Cap Fund Most Recent Quarter End Holdings
FMI Large Cap Fund Prospectus and SAI
FMI Large Cap Fund Distribution Summary
FMI Large Cap Fund Shareholder Reports


FMI Common Stock Fund

FMI Common Stock Fund Performance Summary
FMI Common Stock Fund Quarterly Snapshot
FMI Common Stock Fund Most Recent Quarter End Holdings
FMI Common Stock Fund Prospectus and SAI
FMI Common Stock Fund Distribution Summary
FMI Common Stock Fund Shareholder Reports


FMI International Fund

FMI International Fund Performance Summary
FMI International Fund Quarterly Snapshot
FMI International Fund Most Recent Quarter End Holdings
FMI International Fund Prospectus and SAI
FMI International Fund Distribution Summary
FMI International Fund Shareholder Reports


General Fund Links

Forms and IRA Information
FMI Funds Privacy Policy
Mutual Fund Tax Information
Proxy Policy
Proxy Voting Records


Articles


Prospectuses & Applications / XBRL Documents
Contact Us






















Fiduciary Management, Inc. » FMI Mutual Funds » Contact FMI Funds 
Contact FMI Funds

FMI Mutual Funds Customer Service
800-811-5311
Please reference your mutual fund’s name and account
number when contacting Customer Service.
FMI Mutual Funds Mailing Address
FMI Funds
c/o U.S. Bancorp Services, LLC
P.O. Box 701
Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53201-0701
FMI Mutual Funds Overnight Delivery/Express Mail Address
FMI Funds
c/o U.S. Bancorp Services, LLC
615 East Michigan Street, 3rd Floor
Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202-5207
E-Mail for more information or questions about our Mutual Funds: info@fiduciarymgt.com (info null@null fiduciarymgt NULL.com)





















             ©2017  Fiduciary Management, Inc.   

        













About Us | Fiduciary Management, Inc.























































Home
About Us

Introduction
Professional Staff


Institutional Investors

Introduction
Small Cap Equity Composite
Large Cap Equity Composite
All Cap Equity Composite
International Equity Composite
Strategy Letters

Small Cap Equity ISO Letters
Large Cap Equity ISO Letters
All Cap Equity ISO Letters
International Equity ISO Letters


Articles


FMI Mutual Funds
Contact Us






















Fiduciary Management, Inc. » About Us 
About Us

Fiduciary Management, Inc. (“FMI”), founded in 1980, is an independent money management firm based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. FMI’s equity investing strategies apply a value discipline, with a focused approach firmly rooted in fundamental research. As of 6/30/2017, FMI manages over $25 billion in assets for domestic and international institutions, individual investors, and Registered Investment Advisors through separately managed accounts and the FMI Family of Funds.


Professional Staff
Quarterly Equity Investment Strategy Outlook (ISO) Letters
FMI Proxy Voting Policies
FMI Privacy Policy
Independent Compliance Verification Statement























             ©2017  Fiduciary Management, Inc.   

        











Institutional Investors | Fiduciary Management, Inc.























































Home
About Us

Introduction
Professional Staff


Institutional Investors

Introduction
Small Cap Equity Composite
Large Cap Equity Composite
All Cap Equity Composite
International Equity Composite
Strategy Letters

Small Cap Equity ISO Letters
Large Cap Equity ISO Letters
All Cap Equity ISO Letters
International Equity ISO Letters


Articles


FMI Mutual Funds
Contact Us






















Fiduciary Management, Inc. » Institutional Investors 
Institutional Investors

Equity Strategy Composites
Fiduciary’s objective is to buy durable businesses at value prices in order to achieve superior investment results over a three- to five-year time horizon. The essential tenets to our investment philosophy are:

We utilize a business owner’s approach to investing and thoroughly investigate the economics of the business and the qualities of management of each company.
Our approach is contrarian in nature as we invest in companies that have stumbled or are temporarily out of favor with the market, and hence improperly priced.
Our goal is to invest in durable business franchises that are selling at a discount to their intrinsic value.
We believe our investment process of purchasing good companies at low valuations will achieve superior risk-adjusted returns over a three- to five-year time horizon.

See more detailed information on the Equity strategies we offer:

Small Cap Equity Composite
Large Cap Equity Composite
All Cap Equity Composite
International Equity Composite


FMI proxy voting policies
FMI Privacy Policy
Independent Compliance Verification Statement






















             ©2017  Fiduciary Management, Inc.   

        







