 



















OCI Sold to Ciner Group

































 















































 				  Fri Jul. 28, 2017
 

 













    

 



 





 






























30


BUSINESS · NEWS

OCI Sold to Ciner Group

by News Desk

					October 26, 2015											at 2:38 pm									









SWEETWATER COUNTY — OCI Enterprises Inc., the North American subsidiary of OCI Company Ltd. (“OCI”) of Seoul, Korea, today announced it has completed the previously-announced sale of its approximately 73% limited partner interest in OCI Resources LP OCIR, -1.26% (“OCI Resources” or the “Partnership”), as well as its 2% general partner interest and related incentive distribution rights, to Ciner Enterprises Inc., an affiliate of Ciner Group of Istanbul, Turkey, for a total consideration amount of approximately $430 million.
“Ciner Group has been expanding their position in the global soda ash market and we are excited about this partnership and how it could expedite the cash flow growth of OCI Resources” – Ciner Group
In connection with the closing of the transaction, the Partnership will change its name to Ciner Resources LP, with such name change expected to be effective on November 5, 2015, and the publicly traded units of the Partnership are expected to begin trading the following day (November 6, 2015) after the open of market trading on the New York Stock Exchange under a new ticker symbol – CINR.
OCI Resources will continue to operate as a publicly traded Master Limited Partnership with the current management team remaining with the Partnership. The transaction does not involve the sale or purchase of any OCI Resources common units held by the public.
In connection with these changes, the general partner of the Partnership will also change its name to Ciner Resource Partners LLC and OCI Wyoming LLC (“OCI Wyoming”) will change its name to Ciner Wyoming LLC, with such name changes expected to be effective on November 5, 2015.
OCI Resources owns a controlling interest comprised of a 51% membership interest in OCI Wyoming, one of the largest and lowest-cost producers of natural soda ash in the world. Ciner Group, through its subsidiary, Eti Soda, operates a natural soda ash production facility in the world’s second largest trona ore bed located in Beypazari, Turkey.
“Ciner Group has been expanding their position in the global soda ash market and we are excited about this partnership and how it could expedite the cash flow growth of OCI Resources,” said OCI Resources President and CEO Kirk Milling.
“Ciner Group is pleased to welcome OCI Resources to our family of companies. With its position in markets that are complementary to ours, OCI Resources brings solid operational and financial performance as well as industry-leading safety performance,” said Turgay Ciner, Chairman, Ciner Group.
Citi acted as financial advisor, Dechert LLP served as legal advisor to OCI Enterprises Inc. and White & Case LLP served as legal advisor to Ciner Group with the assistance of Regnum Solicitors acting as in-house legal advisor to Ciner Group.
ABOUT OCI ENTERPRISES INC.
OCI Enterprises Inc. is a chemical and green energy company headquartered in Atlanta, Ga. It is the North American subsidiary of OCI Company Ltd., of Seoul, Korea. OCI Enterprises Inc. is comprised of two divisions: Atlanta-based OCI Chemical Corporation and San Antonio-based OCI Energy LLC.
ABOUT OCI RESOURCES LP
OCI Resources LP, a master limited partnership, operates the trona ore mining and soda ash production business of OCI Wyoming LLC, one of the largest and lowest cost producers of natural soda ash in the world, serving a global market from its facility in the Green River Basin of Wyoming. The facility has been in operation for more than 50 years.
ABOUT OCI COMPANY LTD.
OCI Company Ltd. is a global leading green energy and chemical company founded in 1959 in Seoul, South Korea. It has developed a diversified portfolio of products and solutions for a broad spectrum of industries in the renewable energy sector, namely polysilicon raw materials for solar cells, fumed silica vacuum insulation panel (product:ENERVAC), sapphire ingots for LEDs and solar photovoltaic power as well as chemical products for the petro and coal chemical sector and the inorganic chemical and specialty gases sector. OCI has a customer base spanning 80 countries with about $3 billion in sales in 2014. OCI has been awarded Best Performing Chemical Company in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) Asia Pacific Region for three years in addition to earning ‘The Green Company Certification’ for the first time in Korea in 2010. OCI has more than 4,800 employees and operates in more than 20 overseas subsidiaries and regional branches in Asia, the U.S. and Europe.
ABOUT CINER GROUP
Established in 1978, Ciner Group is primarily active in energy, mining, shipping and media and is one of the largest conglomerates in Turkey.
 


Tags: Ciner GroupIndustryOCITrona Industry




RELATED 





 

Wyoming Highway Patrol continues investigating crash that closed WYO 372 yesterday
June 6, 2014







 

DEQ Names Alan Edwards As New Deputy Director Will Continue His Current Role As Administrator of Abandoned Mine Lands Division of the DEQ
December 19, 2014







 

BLM Oil and Gas Sale nets over $14 Million
February 13, 2014







 

BLM Rawlins to Host 2016 Industry Government Conference
April 13, 2016







Previous story Two Men Arrested After Home Invasion Attack; Third Suspect Still Being Sought
Next story UPDATE: No Major Injuries After Car Struck Farm Tractor From Behind






ADVERTISING





EVENTS


#WHYoming
#WHYoming: Dr. Floyd Huxford#WHYoming: Denise Webster#WHYoming: Hank Ketelsen#WHYoming: Korey Thompson#WHYoming: Florence McEwin
See More Here >>ADVERTISING


#FromTheStork
Birth Announcement: Cage Cody Fife Birth Announcement: Danica Jo Kennedy Birth Announcement: Dreven Andrew Dona 
See More Here >>SIGN UP Receive a daily email of the top stories on SweetwaterNOW with the Wake-Up Call.

First Name:



Last Name:



Email address: 






 




























 






EVENTS





SIGN UP Take your relationship with SweetwaterNOW to the next level.

 

Receive the top stories by email each morning with the Daily Wake-Up Call.


First Name:



Last Name:



Email address: 





Get Social with SweetwaterNOW 






































About Us – Ciner



















































































HOMEAbout UsOur HistorySafetyEnvironmentAwardsCorporate ResponsibilityANSACExecutive TeamSoda AshSoda Ash HistoryHow soda ash is usedNatural vs. SyntheticStorage OptionsPackaging & LogisticsCertificates & Data SheetsInvestor OverviewBoard of DirectorsStock ChartSEC FilingsPress ReleasesGovernance DocumentsFAQsK1 Tax InformationCareersFuture GrowthJob OpportunitiesGiving BackNewsCiner GroupAbout Ciner GroupsectorsSocial ProjectsContact Us 












 







 


 


 







About Us		


superadm1n1strator 


2017-03-27T18:34:03+00:00		


A Global Leader in Soda Ash Production


Founded in 2015, Ciner (pronounced ‘jin-ner’) Resources Corporation is one of the leading low cost suppliers of natural soda ash. Our facility in Green River, Wyoming has been producing high-quality, environmentally-friendly soda ash and distributing it around the world since 1962.
Our success as a company is a direct result of our people and the values on which our company has been built…Leadership, Integrity, Respect and Commitment. They are not just words to us, they define who we are as a company and how we operate every day. We are very proud of the fact that not only is our soda ash produced in a world class facility that has the fewest emissions per ton, but our employees take a lot of pride in nurturing a culture where safety is a value, not just a priority. It’s how we do business; it’s who we are. At Ciner we truly believe the most important thing to come out of the mine are the miners.
Together with our colleagues in Turkey, our aim is to become the world’s largest producer of low cost natural soda ash.
Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, we are a division of Ciner Enterprises Inc., the North American subsidiary of Ciner Group in Istanbul, Turkey, and formerly OCI Chemical Corporation.

Ciner Through The Years



1962
Stauffer Chemical opens Big Island Mine and Refinery in Green River, Wyoming and produces soda ash from the mined trona.


1984
Conversion from conventional “drill and blast” mining to continuous mining begins with Ciner’s first continuous miner.


1985
Chesebrough Ponds acquires Stauffer Chemical.


1986
Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI) buys Stauffer Chemical from Chesebrough Ponds, which had been taken over by Unilever.


1987
ICI sells Stauffer’s industrial chemicals section (soda ash business) to Rhone-Poulenc.


1996
Rhone-Poulenc sells its interest in soda ash business to OCI Company, LTD. The new North American subsidiary is named OCI Chemical Corporation.


1998
The first automated unit, Unit 6, began producing close to 1,000,000 tons per year.


2007
Alternate Energy project which allowed for duel fuel calcination capability.


2009
Decahydrate (DECA) plant begins recovering soda ash from the tailings ponds, increasing overall plant efficiency.


2013
OCI Initial Public Offering of the soda ash business as a Master Limited Partnership on NYSE under ticker symbol OCIR.


2015
Ciner Group’s subsidiary, Ciner Enterprises Inc., acquires OCI Chemical corporation (later renamed Ciner Resources Corporation).


2016
2,000,000 Safe Man Hours without a Lost Time Accident Award.



SAFETY
ENVIRONMENT
AWARDS
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
SAFETY
SAFETY IS A VALUE, NOT JUST A PRIORITY. IT’S HOW WE DO BUSINESS; IT’S WHO WE ARE!
Our mission is to nurture a culture founded on safety, supported by integrity, leadership, commitment, and respect. Ciner is committed to behavior-based principle-driven safety, health processes, and programs, led by effective management systems and employee involvement.
Every Ciner employee, from the plant in Green River, to our corporate headquarters in Atlanta, is empowered to modify any operation that poses a potential threat to themselves, their fellow workers, the surrounding community, or the environment.
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING TO COME OUT OF THE MINE ARE THE MINERS
Our stellar safety performance continues to speak for itself. Ciner Wyoming’s Big Island Mine and Production Facility is a four-time winner of the U.S. Department of Labor Sentinels of Safety award for being the country’s safest underground mine. Our mine and surface rescue teams are consistently among the best in the country, with seven national mine rescue and three international surface rescue championships.
ENVIRONMENT
Committed to our Environment
Ciner understands how important the environment is to our industry. We take pride in the fact that all of our products are made from naturally occurring ingredients. Soda ash is a mineral mined from the ground and refined with no additional chemicals added to the product. Our product is pure and safe enough to be added to food products that are consumed every day. In addition, Ciner soda ash is more environmentally friendly than other products that could be used in its place. Ciner is committed to working towards producing innovative, reliable, and safe products for the environment and for the future.
Recycle | Refine | Reuse
The natural soda ash industry in the Green River Basin uses evaporative crystallizer technology. Similar to all evaporative systems, a concentrated aqueous solution is introduced to maintain the purity and quality of the refined soda ash product. The run-off of this stream (a mixture of soda ash and water) is contained in holding ponds throughout the facility. Ciner has developed a unique solution to reduce the capacity of these ponds and recover the useable soda ash, effectively recovering waste while improving efficiencies. The purified soda ash crystals, chemically sodium carbonate decahydrate, is harvested from the ponds seasonally and introduced as an additional feedstock to complement the mining of trona ore to produce soda ash at the facility.

AWARDS
A Record of Safety

Two Million Safe Man Hours without a Lost Time Accident – 2016
National Mine Rescue Competition – Underground Metal/Nonmetal Team Tech (Bio) – Fifth Place, Blue Team – 2016
National Mine Rescue Competition – Underground Metal/Nonmetal First Aid – Fourth Place, White Team – 2016
National Mine Rescue Competition – First Place in First Aid, Second Place in Team Tech, Third Place, White Team – 2016
Governor’s Safety Award –  Wyoming Safety and Workforce Services Award for Safest Large Mine – 2015
New Iberia Contest, Louisiana – Mine Rescue Blue Team – 2015
One Million Safe Man Hours without a Lost Time Accident – 1976, 1980, 1986, 1991, 1992, 1999, 2011, 2015
Wyoming State Mine Inspectors Safety Excellence Award – First Place Winner 28 Times and 5 Consecutive Years 2008-2012, 2015
Industrial Minerals Association – North America (IMA-NA) – 2009, 2010 & 2011 First Place Winner, Large Mine Category – Best RAIR (Recordable Accident Incident Rate)
Safety Olympiad Champions (Surface Rescue Champions) – 1997, 1998, 2001, 2008, 2010
National Rescue Champions (Metal/Non-Metal) – 1975, 1982, 1986, 1992, 1996, 2000, 2004
International Champions (Mine Rescue Champions) – 1994, 1995, 2003
National Safety Council Metal/Non-Metal Mining Safety Award – First Place Winner 9 Times (Non-Coal Underground Division)


CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
Committed to our community
Ciner has always had a strong presence in and commitment to the communities where we work and live. Through donations to local non-profit organizations, our annual company-wide United Way Campaigns, or any other myriad of projects to support our communities, we believe strongly in working hard to give back. Our employees serve as leaders for charitable organizations, volunteer firefighters, and EMTs. We serve as youth sports coaches and community leaders. We’re proud of our employees, their efforts, and the resulting reputation Ciner holds within our communities.
Some of the causes and non-profit organizations we are proud to support include:

Meals on Wheels
Relay for Life
United Way
The Boys and Girls Club
Habitat for Humanity
Special Olympics
American Red Cross


Over 7 million tons of domestic soda ash is exported annually, substantially contributing to the gross domestic product.
—U.S. Geological Survey, March 2016, Mineral Industry Surveys



PARTNERSHIP WITH ANSAC
By forging strong, mutually beneficial relationships with customers, distributors, business partners, and member companies, the American Natural Soda Ash Corporation, or ANSAC, manages soda ash supply chains, minimizing costs and increasing industry efficiency. ANSAC nurtures a culture of quality and dependability, ensuring the future of soda ash and Ciner is honored to be a member of an association dedicated to providing the world with superior soda ash. LEARN MORE >>

 





Your browser does not support HTML5 video.













00:00













--
 / 
--













Meet the executive team




Kirk H. Milling
President and Chief Executive Officer

Kirk Milling has served as the President and CEO of Ciner Resources Corporation since June 2009.
READ MORE >>





Nicole C. Daniel
Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary

Nicole C. Daniel was appointed General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Ciner Resources Corporation in July 2013.
READ MORE >>







Jim Dass
Vice President, Human Resources

Jim Dass joined Ciner as the Vice President of Human Resources in February 2014.
READ MORE >>





Meet the executive team




Kirk H. Milling
President and Chief Executive Officer

Kirk Milling has served as the President and CEO of Ciner Resources Corporation since June 2009.
READ MORE >>




Nicole C. Daniel
Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary

Nicole C. Daniel was appointed General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Ciner Resources Corporation in July 2013.
READ MORE >>




Jim Dass
Vice President, Human Resources

Jim Dass joined Ciner as the Vice President of Human Resources in February 2014.
READ MORE >>



×
Kirk H. Milling
President and Chief Executive Officer

Kirk Milling has served as the President and CEO of Ciner Resources Corporation since January 2009. He has also been a Director for American Natural Soda Ash Corporation (ANSAC) since 2001 and Vice Chairman of the Audit Committee since January 2016. Kirk was appointed as a Director, President, and CEO of our General Partner Ciner Resource Partners LLC in April 2013 and appointed as Chairman of the Board in October 2015. He is responsible for the strategic direction, vision, and growth of Ciner Resources Corporation, the wholly owned subsidiary of Ciner Enterprises Inc.
Kirk has more than 25 years of senior level experience in the chemical industry with nearly 15 of those years in management at Ciner. His previous experience includes positions at Rhone-Poulenc and Stauffer Chemical Company. Kirk has a Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry from Texas A&M University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Connecticut.

Close×
Nicole C. Daniel
Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary
Nicole C. Daniel was appointed General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Ciner Resources Corporation in July 2013. Her responsibilities include leading Ciner’s legal affairs, managing the legal department, and overseeing the work of outside counsel. She is also directly involved in the negotiation of critical contracts, mergers, and acquisition activities. Nicole has more than 16 years of legal experience and most recently served as Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer at Albemarle Corporation, a specialty chemical company. Ms. Daniel earned a Bachelor of Arts in Government from the College of William and Mary and a Juris Doctorate from Indiana University Maurer School of Law.
Close×
Jim Dass
Vice President, Human Resources

Jim Dass joined Ciner as the Vice President of Human Resources in February 2014. His responsibilities include managing the human resources team at Ciner Resource Corporation’s headquarters as well as providing strategic leadership to Ciner’s various businesses. Jim is also responsible for the strategic vision, direction, and alignment of all functional initiatives related to Ciner’s business strategy.
Jim has more than 20 years of experience in human resources management at organizations such as Chemtura, Honeywell, Delta, and Stouffer Hotels. He earned a Bachelor of Arts in Organizational Psychology and Political Science from the University of Rochester and a Master of Business Administration from Clark University. Jim has also completed several advanced certifications including an Advanced Executive Certification in Human Resources from the University of Michigan and a Six Sigma Green Belt Certification.

Close



 
 

 
 
 
 











































































Ciner













































































HOMEAbout UsOur HistorySafetyEnvironmentAwardsCorporate ResponsibilityANSACExecutive TeamSoda AshSoda Ash HistoryHow soda ash is usedNatural vs. SyntheticStorage OptionsPackaging & LogisticsCertificates & Data SheetsInvestor OverviewBoard of DirectorsStock ChartSEC FilingsPress ReleasesGovernance DocumentsFAQsK1 Tax InformationCareersFuture GrowthJob OpportunitiesGiving BackNewsCiner GroupAbout Ciner GroupsectorsSocial ProjectsContact Us 












 







 


 


 







			HOME		


superadm1n1strator 


			2017-05-08T15:52:10+00:00		



HISTORY
Learn how Ciner (pronounced ‘jin-ner’) has grown through the years to become one of the world’s largest producers of natural soda ash.



NEWS
Discover the latest in the world of Ciner, from industry announcements and safety awards to quarterly financial results.



WHAT IS SODA ASH
Explore how soda ash is mined from trona and transformed into products we use every day.




SAFETY
Unearth Ciner’s core safety values and find out why we operate the country’s safest underground mine.



INVESTOR OVERVIEW
What makes Ciner a compelling investment is not only today’s performance but our vision for the future.



CONTACT
Our team is available to answer any questions you may have about Ciner, soda ash, and investment opportunities.


NYSE: CINR 27.78
07 / 28 / 2017 -0.19 - (-0.68%)


Open27.97 
Day High28.00 
Year High33.19 


Volume9,557.00
Day Low27.60
Year Low26.80


SODA ASH
Mined from the earth and refined with no additional chemicals, Ciner provides a pure, environmentally-friendly product that is internally packaged and transported around the world. LEARN MORE >>




GREEN RIVER BASIN
Home to Ciner’s production facility and the largest, purest, and most accessible trona mine in the United States.





MINED FROM TRONA
Unlike synthetic soda ash, which uses multiple chemicals, Ciner’s soda ash is mined from naturally existing trona.




3.25 MILLION TON FACILITY
Mined 850 feet below the earth, trona is conveyed to the surface where it is refined into dense soda ash within our facility.





GLOBAL SUPPLIER
Ciner coordinates and manages the packaging and transportation of our soda ash to customers all over the world.






The Federal Reserve Board uses soda ash as an economic indicator to monitor the condition of the U.S. economy




ABOUT CINER






                                    Your browser does not support HTML5 video.
                                












00:00













--
 / 
--











TOUR THE FACILITY






                                    Your browser does not support HTML5 video.
                                












00:00













--
 / 
--
















ABOUT US
Ciner (pronounced ‘jin-ner’) has been supplying the world with soda ash since 1962. Our ongoing relationships, unparalleled customer service, continued innovation, and dedication to safety uniquely positions Ciner to meet global soda ash demands for decades to come. LEARN MORE >>
Ciner uses an all-natural, environmentally-friendly mining process that produces a pure, high-quality product every day.
Safety is a value, not just a priority. It’s how we do business; it’s who we are! We believe the most important thing to come out the mine are the miners.
Our success as a company is a direct result of our people and the values on which our company has been built.




INVESTOR OVERVIEW


CINER RESOURCES LP
Ciner Resources LP is a subsidiary of Atlanta-based Ciner Chemical Corporation, which operates the trona ore mining and soda ash production business of Ciner Wyoming LLC. Ciner Wyoming is one of the largest and lowest cost producers of natural soda ash in the world, serving a global market from its facility in the Green River Basin of Wyoming. The facility has been in operation for more than 50 years.
CINER RESOURCES CORPORATION
Founded in 2015, Ciner Resources Corporation, through its subsidiary Ciner Wyoming LLC, is one of the world’s largest producers of natural soda ash. Its facility in Green River, Wyoming, has been producing high-quality soda ash since 1962. Headquartered in Atlanta, Ga., Ciner Resources Corporation is a division of Ciner Enterprises Inc., the North American subsidiary of Ciner Group, in Istanbul, Turkey.
READ MORE >>








 
 
 













































































Ciner Enterprises Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























ciner enterprises inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Materials
Industry: Metals & Mining
Sub-Industry: Other Mined Minerals
Ciner Enterprises Inc. focuses on the production of natural soda ash. The Company manufactures environmentally friendly soda ash. Ciner Enterprises serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

5 Concourse Parkway Northeast
Suite 2500
Atlanta, GA 30328-7108
United States


Phone:
1-770-375-2300


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.ciner.us.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































 



OCI Enterprises Inc. Signs Definitive Agreement to Sell General Partner and Limited Partner Interests in OCI Resources LP to Park Holding A.S. of Ciner Group | Business Wire
























































OCI Enterprises Inc. Signs Definitive Agreement to Sell General 
      Partner and Limited Partner Interests in OCI Resources LP to Park 
      Holding A.S. of Ciner Group






July 20, 2015 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



ATLANTA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--OCI Enterprises Inc., the North American subsidiary of OCI Company Ltd. 
      (“OCI”) of Seoul, Korea, has signed a definitive agreement to sell its 
      approximately 73% limited partner interest in OCI Resources LP (NYSE: 
      OCIR) (“OCI Resources” or the “Partnership”), as well as its 2% general 
      partner interest and related incentive distribution rights, to Park 
      Holding A.S., a subsidiary of Ciner Group of Istanbul, Turkey.
    


      Following the transaction, OCI Resources will continue to operate as a 
      publicly traded Master Limited Partnership with the current management 
      team remaining with the Partnership. The transaction does not involve 
      the sale or purchase of any OCI Resources common units held by the 
      public.
    

      The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and 
      regulatory approvals and is expected to close by the end of the third 
      quarter 2015.
    

      OCI Resources owns a controlling interest comprised of a 51% membership 
      interest in OCI Wyoming LLC (“OCI Wyoming”), one of the largest and 
      lowest-cost producers of natural soda ash in the world. Ciner Group, 
      through its subsidiary, Eti Soda, operates a natural soda ash production 
      facility in the world's second largest trona ore bed located in 
      Beypazarri, Turkey.
    

      “We are really excited about our new strategic relationship with Ciner 
      Group and their desire to help us expedite the growth of our MLP. We 
      think there will be numerous opportunities to leverage their expertise 
      to help us grow our cash flow,” said OCI Resources President and CEO 
      Kirk Milling.
    

      “Ciner Group is pleased to welcome OCI Resources to our family of 
      companies. With its position in markets that are complementary to ours, 
      OCI Resources brings solid operational and financial performance as well 
      as industry-leading safety performance,” said Turgay Ciner, Chairman, 
      Ciner Group.
    

      In June 2015, OCI Enterprises Inc. announced it was evaluating strategic 
      alternatives for its stake in OCI Resources.
    

      Citi acted as financial advisor, Dechert LLP served as legal advisor to 
      OCI Enterprises Inc. and White & Case LLP served as legal advisor to 
      Ciner Group with the assistance of Regnum Solicitors acting as in-house 
      legal advisor.
    

ABOUT OCI ENTERPRISES INC.


      OCI Enterprises Inc. is a chemical and green energy company 
      headquartered in Atlanta, Ga. It is the North American subsidiary of OCI 
      Company Ltd., of Seoul, Korea. OCI Enterprises Inc. is comprised of two 
      divisions: Atlanta-based OCI Chemical Corporation and San Antonio-based 
      OCI Energy LLC.
    

ABOUT OCI RESOURCES LP


      OCI Resources LP, a master limited partnership, operates the trona ore 
      mining and soda ash production business of OCI Wyoming LLC, one of the 
      largest and lowest cost producers of natural soda ash in the world, 
      serving a global market from its facility in the Green River Basin of 
      Wyoming. The facility has been in operation for more than 50 years.
    

ABOUT OCI COMPANY LTD.


      OCI Company Ltd. is a global leading green energy and chemical company 
      founded in 1959 in Seoul, South Korea. It has developed a diversified 
      portfolio of products and solutions for a broad spectrum of industries 
      in the renewable energy sector, namely polysilicon raw materials for 
      solar cells, fumed silica vacuum insulation panel (product: ENERVAC), 
      sapphire ingots for LEDs and solar photovoltaic power as well as 
      chemical products for the petro and coal chemical sector and the 
      inorganic chemical and specialty gases sector. OCI has a customer base 
      spanning 80 countries with about $3 billion in sales in 2014. OCI has 
      been awarded Best Performing Chemical Company in the Dow Jones 
      Sustainability Index (DJSI) Asia Pacific Region for three years in 
      addition to earning ‘The Green Company Certification’ for the first time 
      in Korea in 2010. OCI has more than 4,800 employees and operates in more 
      than 20 overseas subsidiaries and regional branches in Asia, the U.S. 
      and Europe.
    

ABOUT CINER GROUP


      Established in 1978, Ciner Group is primarily active in energy, mining, 
      shipping and media and is one of the largest conglomerates in Turkey.
    




Contacts

      OCI Resources LPMedia Relations:Amy McCool, 
      770-375-2321amccool@ocienterprises.comorInvestor 
      Relations:Scott Humphrey, 770-375-2387shumphrey@ocienterprises.com


















Contacts

      OCI Resources LPMedia Relations:Amy McCool, 
      770-375-2321amccool@ocienterprises.comorInvestor 
      Relations:Scott Humphrey, 770-375-2387shumphrey@ocienterprises.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












Ciner Enterprises Inc Atlanta, GA 30328 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeChemicals-Wholesale & Manufacturers near Atlanta, GACiner Enterprises IncIn mybook® : Other Collection (edit)Added to your other collection.Removed from mybook!We took this business out of your other collection.Ciner Enterprises IncWrite a ReviewAdd a PhotoBe the first to review!5 Concourse Pkwy Ste 2500, Atlanta, GA 30328(770) 375-2300CLOSED NOWToday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pmTomorrow: Closed55YEARS  IN BUSINESSAdd to mybookThis listing has been  added to mybook.This listing has been  removed from mybook.Visit WebsiteEmail BusinessSuggest an EditIs this your business? Customize this page.Claim this businessSponsored LinksBusiness DescriptionOperational since 1962, OCI Chemical Corporation is one of the largest producers of soda ash, sodium percarbonate and hydrogen peroxide. The company s products are certified by Kosher. It also provides logistics and storage options. OCI Chemical Corporation serves various dry detergent manufacturing facilities in North America. The company operates EkO Peroxide, which provides raw materials for the manufacture of sodium percarbonate. It is an ISO 9002-certified company. OCI Chemical Corporation has a work force of more than 500 employees. The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of DC Chemical Company, which is a manufacturer and distributor of basic and fine chemicals and petrochemicals.HoursRegular HoursMon - Fri8:00 am - 5:00 pmSat - SunClosedExtra PhonesPhone: (770) 391-9500Phone: (770) 375-2353TollFree: (800) 865-1774LocationCorporate Center VNeighborhoodsConcourse at Landmark Center, Perimeter CenterAKAOCI ChemicalOci EnterprisesCiner Chemical CorpOci Chemical CorpOther Linkshttp://www.ocichemical.comhttp://cinerresources.comOther EmailEmail BusinessCategoryChemicals-Wholesale & Manufacturers COUPONS & DEALSNo coupons availableGalleryBe the first to add a photo!Add a PhotoReviewsHi there!Be the first to review!5First-class4Better than most3About what I expected2Not the worst...1DisappointingClick to RateShare ReviewLike this review? Share it on your social network to get the word out!ShareTweetShareWant to just link to it instead? Copy URL above and paste away!Sponsored LinksMap & DirectionsPeople Also ViewedGeorgia Gulf Corporation400 Perimeter Center Ter NE Ste 595, Atlanta, GAAxiall Corporation1000 Abernathy Rd Ste 1200, Atlanta, GAAirgas1100 Johnson Ferry Rd, Atlanta, GANorit Americas Inc5775 Peachtree Dunwoody Rd Ste C250, Atlanta, GAAirgas Store3424 Miller Dr, Chamblee, GAPaid Advertisement 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback




Ciner Enterprises Inc. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Nonmetallic Mineral Mining & Quarrying Industry Report


Industrial Chemical Manufacturing Industry Report

















Ciner Enterprises Inc.Company Information

5 Concourse Pkwy Ste 2500Atlanta, GA, 30328 United States(770) 375-2300 †
http://www.ciner.us.com


Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Ciner Enterprises Inc. Company Profile
Potash, soda, and borate minerals, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Ciner Enterprises Inc. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Atlanta, GA, United States
Nonmetallic Mineral Mining & Quarrying
Industrial Chemical Manufacturing







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























Ciner Enterprises Inc. | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Nonmetallic Mineral Mining & Quarrying Industry Report


Industrial Chemical Manufacturing Industry Report















Ciner Enterprises Inc. Revenue and Financial Data
Potash, soda, and borate minerals, nsk







Financials Information for Ciner Enterprises Inc.

        Track this company’s financial condition.
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$676.986014 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























Ciner Enterprises Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:13 AM ET

Company Overview of Ciner Enterprises Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



,  United StatesFounded in 2015










Key Executives for Ciner Enterprises Inc.




Mr. Tarlan Ogüz  Erkan


      	Director of International Operations and Coordination and Director
      


Age: 39
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Ciner Enterprises Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          




























Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started






























 



Fast, FREE shipping and morePrime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, ad-free music, Kindle books, original audio series and unlimited photo storage.








Start your 30-day Prime free trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month.  Cancel anytime.
                    
                              See more plans  ›


Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    










v




























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          












Ciner













































































HOMEAbout UsOur HistorySafetyEnvironmentAwardsCorporate ResponsibilityANSACExecutive TeamSoda AshSoda Ash HistoryHow soda ash is usedNatural vs. SyntheticStorage OptionsPackaging & LogisticsCertificates & Data SheetsInvestor OverviewBoard of DirectorsStock ChartSEC FilingsPress ReleasesGovernance DocumentsFAQsK1 Tax InformationCareersFuture GrowthJob OpportunitiesGiving BackNewsCiner GroupAbout Ciner GroupsectorsSocial ProjectsContact Us 












 







 


 


 







			HOME		


superadm1n1strator 


			2017-05-08T15:52:10+00:00		



HISTORY
Learn how Ciner (pronounced ‘jin-ner’) has grown through the years to become one of the world’s largest producers of natural soda ash.



NEWS
Discover the latest in the world of Ciner, from industry announcements and safety awards to quarterly financial results.



WHAT IS SODA ASH
Explore how soda ash is mined from trona and transformed into products we use every day.




SAFETY
Unearth Ciner’s core safety values and find out why we operate the country’s safest underground mine.



INVESTOR OVERVIEW
What makes Ciner a compelling investment is not only today’s performance but our vision for the future.



CONTACT
Our team is available to answer any questions you may have about Ciner, soda ash, and investment opportunities.


NYSE: CINR 27.78
07 / 28 / 2017 -0.19 - (-0.68%)


Open27.97 
Day High28.00 
Year High33.19 


Volume9,557.00
Day Low27.60
Year Low26.80


SODA ASH
Mined from the earth and refined with no additional chemicals, Ciner provides a pure, environmentally-friendly product that is internally packaged and transported around the world. LEARN MORE >>




GREEN RIVER BASIN
Home to Ciner’s production facility and the largest, purest, and most accessible trona mine in the United States.





MINED FROM TRONA
Unlike synthetic soda ash, which uses multiple chemicals, Ciner’s soda ash is mined from naturally existing trona.




3.25 MILLION TON FACILITY
Mined 850 feet below the earth, trona is conveyed to the surface where it is refined into dense soda ash within our facility.





GLOBAL SUPPLIER
Ciner coordinates and manages the packaging and transportation of our soda ash to customers all over the world.






The Federal Reserve Board uses soda ash as an economic indicator to monitor the condition of the U.S. economy




ABOUT CINER






                                    Your browser does not support HTML5 video.
                                












00:00













--
 / 
--











TOUR THE FACILITY






                                    Your browser does not support HTML5 video.
                                












00:00













--
 / 
--
















ABOUT US
Ciner (pronounced ‘jin-ner’) has been supplying the world with soda ash since 1962. Our ongoing relationships, unparalleled customer service, continued innovation, and dedication to safety uniquely positions Ciner to meet global soda ash demands for decades to come. LEARN MORE >>
Ciner uses an all-natural, environmentally-friendly mining process that produces a pure, high-quality product every day.
Safety is a value, not just a priority. It’s how we do business; it’s who we are! We believe the most important thing to come out the mine are the miners.
Our success as a company is a direct result of our people and the values on which our company has been built.




INVESTOR OVERVIEW


CINER RESOURCES LP
Ciner Resources LP is a subsidiary of Atlanta-based Ciner Chemical Corporation, which operates the trona ore mining and soda ash production business of Ciner Wyoming LLC. Ciner Wyoming is one of the largest and lowest cost producers of natural soda ash in the world, serving a global market from its facility in the Green River Basin of Wyoming. The facility has been in operation for more than 50 years.
CINER RESOURCES CORPORATION
Founded in 2015, Ciner Resources Corporation, through its subsidiary Ciner Wyoming LLC, is one of the world’s largest producers of natural soda ash. Its facility in Green River, Wyoming, has been producing high-quality soda ash since 1962. Headquartered in Atlanta, Ga., Ciner Resources Corporation is a division of Ciner Enterprises Inc., the North American subsidiary of Ciner Group, in Istanbul, Turkey.
READ MORE >>








 
 
 
























































































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


