






Adam G. Ciongoli








































caret-down

Skip to content






Display MenuMenu












Adam G. Ciongoli 








 
Adam G. Ciongoli

			Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Adam G. Ciongoli was named Senior Vice President and General Counsel in July 2015. He reports to Denise Morrison, President and Chief Executive Officer, and he is a member of the Campbell Leadership Team.
Adam is responsible for Campbell’s Legal department, Corporate Secretary function, and Government Relations team.
Adam has more than 20 years of legal experience. Most recently, he was Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Lincoln Financial Group, a Fortune 250 insurance and financial services company, where he directed the law, compliance, corporate secretary, and government relations departments. He also provided strategic counsel to the Board of Directors and senior management team.
Before that, he had served as Group General Counsel and Secretary for Willis Group Holdings, PLC, supporting global operations and advising the company on significant transactions. Adam was also Senior Vice President and General Counsel for Time Warner, Europe, where he negotiated regulatory clearance of European mergers and acquisitions.
Adam’s previous experience also includes serving as the counselor to John Ashcroft when he was Attorney General of the United States; as chief counsel to the U.S. Senate Subcommittee on the Constitution, Federalism and Property Rights; and as law clerk to United States Supreme Court Justice Samuel A. Alito, Jr.
Adam earned his B.A. degree in history from the University of Pennsylvania, and his J.D. degree, magna cum laude, from the Georgetown University Law Center.
He is a member of the Board of Directors for the Habitat for Humanity in Philadelphia and also serves as a Lecturer-in-Law at Columbia University Law School.





Leadership TeamDenise M. Morrison
Mark R. Alexander
Carlos J. Barroso
Edward L. Carolan
Adam G. Ciongoli
Anthony P. DiSilvestro
Bob Furbee
Bethmara Kessler
Luca Mignini
Robert W. Morrissey
Jim Sterbenz
Emily Waldorf
 











EXPLORE campbellsoupcompany.com

Home
Site Map
About Us

Campbell Soup Company

Leadership Team
Our Businesses
Corporate Governance
Corporate Responsibility
Campbell Soup Foundation




 Our Brands
Investor Center

Overview
At a Glance
Stock Information
News & Events
Financial Information
Shareholder Services
Investor Contacts
Analyst Information
Corporate Governance


 Newsroom

Campbell News
Press Releases
Media Contact
Media Library


Connect with Campbell

Connect With Campbell
FAQ
Product Locator
International Inquiries
Directions to World Headquarters






Connect 
 
 
 
Our Other SitesNutrition & Wellness
Recipes
Campbell Shop
Careers
Innovation
CSR
 

















Adam G. Ciongoli - Wikipedia





















 






Adam G. Ciongoli

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Adam G. Ciongoli


Born
1968 (age 48–49)


Nationality
United States


Alma mater
Georgetown University Law Center
University of Pennsylvania


Occupation
Lawyer


Adam G. Ciongoli (born 1968) is a government and private lawyer, and was the Counselor to United States Attorney General John Ashcroft during the September 11, 2001 attacks and in the period that followed.
According to an October 2002 profile in Legal Times,[1] Ciongoli grew up in Burlington, Vermont, the son of A. Kenneth Ciongoli, a neurologist and chairman of the National Italian American Foundation. Ciongoli attended the University of Pennsylvania, and graduated from Georgetown University Law Center in 1995. He began his legal career as a clerk for then-Judge Samuel A. Alito, Jr. on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Newark, New Jersey. After his clerkship, Ciongoli went to work for Kenneth Starr, Paul Cappuccio and other noted Republican lawyers in the Washington, DC office of Kirkland & Ellis. In 1999, he succeeded his friend and former Kirkland colleague, Paul Clement as the chief counsel to the United States Senate Constitution Subcommittee, which was chaired by then-Senator John Ashcroft.
After an unusual re-election defeat, Ashcroft was appointed Attorney General by President-elect George W. Bush, and took Ciongoli to the Justice Department with him. Ciongoli played a prominent role as the Attorney General's legal advisor, including participation in formulating the Patriot Act, and drafting the administration's order authorizing military commissions to try suspected terrorists and writing the subsequent regulations. In 2003, the White House Chief of Staff, Andy Card, named Ciongoli as the administration's chief liaison to the Independent 9/11 Commission;[2] Some Democratic members of the Commission criticized Ciongoli for restricting the Commission's access to key people and documents.
After leaving the Justice Department later that year, Mr. Ciongoli became a senior vice president and general counsel at Time Warner Europe.[3]
When his former boss, Judge Alito was nominated to the United States Supreme Court, Ciongoli played an active role in preparing Alito for his confirmation hearings[4] and in publicly advocating the nomination.[citation needed] In a surprising move, Ciongoli then left his lucrative corporate job to become one of the newly confirmed Justice Alito's law clerks.[5] Justice Alito officiated Mr. Ciongoli's marriage in June 2006.[6] Mr. Ciongoli went on to be general counsel of a number of well-known public companies post-clerkship, including Willis Group Holdings plc (2007-20012). Lincoln Financial Group (2012-2015), and since July 2015 General Counsel of the Campbell Soup Company.
References[edit]



^ Counseling Ashcroft - Legal Times, 10/18/2002
^ Where’s Saddam? - MSNBC Newsweek in Iraq 4/2/2003 Archived September 12, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.
^ New GC at AOL-Time Warner, Europe Reports to His Former Professor - Corporate Counsel Magazine
^ Alito's 'murder board' a mix of the legal elite - National Law Journal, 1/26/06
^ Lane, Charles (2006-02-15). "Alito Hires as a Clerk Former Ashcroft Aide". Washington Post. 
^ Lattman, Peter (2006-06-12). "Justice Alito Marries Off His Law Clerk". Wall Street Journal. 







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Adam_G._Ciongoli&oldid=780112781"					
Categories: 1968 birthsLiving peopleUnited States Department of Justice lawyersUnited States Senate lawyersPeople from Burlington, VermontAmerican people of Italian descentUniversity of Pennsylvania alumniGeorgetown University Law Center alumniLaw clerks of the Supreme Court of the United StatesWashington, D.C. lawyersKirkland & Ellis alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 13 May 2017, at 01:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








	Adam G. Ciongoli - Lawyer in New York, New York (NY) New York County - legaldirectories.com




































qqcaqsez


































	   Find a Lawyer
	   By Location
	   Areas of Practice
	   Experts & Services
	  
	   Products
      
       Online Store
	   Bar Links
	   About Us
	   Contact Us
	  
	   Disclaimer
	   Privacy Policy	  
	   Advance Search







Home > Browse Lawyers > All Cities in New York > New York New York Lawyers




















Adam G. Ciongoli



  
    Update this Profile  

Update Basic Profile
Add Web Link
Add Mediator Listing
Add Area of Practice
Add Bundle Area of Practice
Add Bundle Biographical









Adam G. Ciongoli is a Lawyer in New York, New York.
         

(Pennsylvania Out of State Listing)





Adam G. Ciongoli
 



1 World Financial Ctr
Lbby 7
New York, 
		NY
10281-0005
        
      
New York County 





Contact Adam G. Ciongoli

(212) 915-8899 
















            Update Your Basic Profile on LegalDirectories.com
            by filling out those fields that need to be changed or add new information, then submit this form or 
            call 1-800-447-5375 and ask to update your Basic Profile on the Legal Search 
            Engine www.LegalDirectories.com website.





                    Basic Profile Form






For a more extensive profile 
                









the legal search engine







	 
	           Find a Lawyer | By Location | Experts & Services | Areas of Practice | Marketing Solutions | Home | Disclaimer











                      If you're a lawyer or an advertiser and want more information on how to 
                      grow your client base, please call a Sales Specialist at:
1-800-447-5375 ext. 116
Monday - Thursday7:00am to 5:30pm CST


















Legal Directories Publishing Company, Inc - The Legal Search Engine. All rights reserved








Use of this LegalDirectories.com web site and the information contained herein is subject to the restrictions and limitations described in Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
By accessing or retrieving information from LegalDirectories.com, the user acknowledges and agrees to be bound by such Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.


Legal Directories Publishing Company, Inc. - 1313 Oates Drive, Mesquite, TX, 75150 - (800) 447-5375 (214) 321-3238
























Campbell Appoints Adam G. Ciongoli Senior Vice President, General Counsel - Campbell Soup Company






































caret-down

Skip to content






Display MenuMenu












Home > Newsroom > Press Releases > Campbell Appoints Adam G. Ciongoli Senior Vice President, General Counsel			








Jun 11, 2015 | Press Release 
Campbell Appoints Adam G. Ciongoli Senior Vice President, General Counsel


Share on Facebook 



 



    CAMDEN, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Jun. 11, 2015–
Campbell Soup Company (NYSE:CPB) today appointed Adam G. Ciongoli
      Senior Vice President – General Counsel, reporting to Campbell’s
      President and Chief Executive Officer Denise Morrison. He will be
      responsible for Campbell’s legal, corporate secretary and government
      relations activities and will be a member of the Campbell Leadership
      Team. Ciongoli’s appointment is effective July 13, 2015.
    

      “Adam brings a diverse and extensive range of experience to his role as
      general counsel, having practiced law in both the public and private
      sectors, which will be an asset as we work to reshape Campbell for
      future growth,” said Morrison. “I welcome his perspective and look
      forward to working with him to build on the strong foundation we have
      established with our legal department.”
    

      Ciongoli, 47, joins Campbell with more than 20 years of legal
      experience. Most recently, he was Executive Vice President and General
      Counsel of Lincoln Financial Group, a Fortune 250 insurance and
      financial services company, where he directed the law, compliance,
      corporate secretary and government relations departments. Prior to
      Lincoln Financial, he served as Group General Counsel and Secretary for
      Willis Group Holdings, PLC. During his tenure at Willis Group, he
      supported the company’s global operations and advised the company on
      several significant transactions. Adam was also Senior Vice President
      and General Counsel for Time Warner, Europe. He was responsible for
      negotiating regulatory clearance of European mergers and acquisitions.
    

      His previous experience includes serving as the counselor to the
      Attorney General of the United States, as chief counsel to the U.S.
      Senate Subcommittee on the Constitution, Federalism and Property Rights
      and as law clerk to United States Supreme Court Justice Samuel A. Alito,
      Jr.
    

      “I am very excited to partner with Denise Morrison and join the Campbell
      team,” said Ciongoli. “It is an honor to be able to contribute in a
      leadership role in the future development of such an iconic and
      important American company.”
    

      Ciongoli graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a Bachelor
      of Arts in history. He holds a Juris Doctor magna cum laude from the
      Georgetown University Law Center. Ciongoli is a member of the Board of
      Directors for the Habitat for Humanity in Philadelphia. He also serves
      as a Lecturer-in-Law at Columbia University Law School.
    

About Campbell Soup Company


      Campbell (NYSE:CPB) is driven and inspired by our Purpose, “Real food
      that matters for life’s moments.” The company makes a range of products
      from high-quality soups and simple meals to snacks and healthy
      beverages. For generations, people have trusted Campbell to provide
      authentic, flavorful and readily available foods and beverages that
      connect them to each other, to warm memories, and to what’s important
      today. Led by its iconic Campbell’s brand, the company’s
      portfolio includes Pepperidge Farm, Goldfish, Bolthouse
      Farms, V8, Swanson, Prego, Pace, Plum
      Organics, Arnott’s, Tim Tam, Royal Dansk and Kjeldsens.
Founded in 1869, Campbell has a heritage of giving back and acting
      as a good steward of the planet’s natural resources. The company is a
      member of the Standard & Poor’s 500 and the Dow Jones Sustainability
      Indexes. For more information, visit www.campbellsoupcompany.com
      or follow company news on Twitter via @CampbellSoupCo.
    

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150611005171/en/
Source: Campbell Soup Company

      Campbell Soup CompanyINVESTOR CONTACT:Jennifer
      Driscoll, 856-342-6081jennifer_driscoll@campbellsoup.comorMEDIA
      CONTACT:Carla Burigatto, 856-342-3737carla_burigatto@campbellsoup.com







Press Release Archive2017 (25)July (7)June (2)May (6)April (2)March (2)February (5)January (1)2016 (35)December (1)November (3)October (1)September (3)August (4)July (4)June (2)May (3)April (4)March (2)February (6)January (2)2015 (36)November (4)October (1)September (5)August (1)July (3)June (5)May (2)April (3)March (2)February (8)January (2)2014 (41)November (5)October (2)September (6)August (1)July (4)June (2)May (4)April (3)March (3)February (5)January (6)2013 (57)December (5)November (6)October (4)September (5)August (8)July (6)June (4)May (9)April (1)March (1)February (6)January (2)2012 (68)December (2)November (12)October (3)September (9)August (6)July (3)June (4)May (11)April (4)March (4)February (8)January (2)2011 (78)November (8)October (11)September (10)August (1)July (3)June (10)May (9)April (2)March (3)February (11)January (10)2010 (92)November (10)October (3)September (13)August (4)July (3)June (16)May (10)April (3)March (10)February (11)January (9)2009 (94)December (2)November (11)October (15)September (12)August (3)July (5)June (7)May (9)April (4)March (4)February (11)January (11)2008 (88)December (10)November (11)October (12)September (15)August (6)July (4)June (6)May (9)April (3)March (3)February (5)January (4)2007 (34)December (1)November (3)October (2)September (3)August (3)July (4)June (3)May (4)April (1)March (2)February (7)January (1)2006 (26)November (4)September (4)August (2)July (1)June (2)May (4)April (2)March (3)February (4)2005 (28)November (4)September (6)August (1)July (1)June (3)May (5)April (1)March (3)February (3)January (1)2004 (27)December (1)November (3)September (3)August (1)July (1)June (4)May (3)March (2)February (6)January (3)2003 (41)December (2)November (5)October (3)September (6)August (5)June (1)May (8)April (2)March (1)February (7)January (1)2002 (41)December (2)November (5)October (3)September (4)August (5)July (5)June (3)May (4)March (2)February (7)January (1)2001 (39)November (4)October (7)September (2)July (4)June (3)May (3)April (4)March (2)February (5)January (5)2000 (13)December (1)November (5)October (2)September (1)June (1)May (1)March (1)February (1) Quick Links
 Corporate Fact Sheet 

 
Download PDF
Media Contact
Media Library

RSS FEED
Subscribe to RSS
 
@campbellsoupco

 RT @CampbellCSR: @CampbellSoupCo @foodbankSJ 800,000 lbs. of peaches are dumped each year by just one NJ farmer's cooperative. Just Peachy…
RT @BranPart: Once again, @CampbellSoupCo shows it's ahead of many industy peers w/ @bkfoodworks partnership to ID innovators. https://t.co…
We're Launching Food Innovation Challenge with Foodworks to Identify Top Food Disruptors https://t.co/xJ38oqTx1e
 









EXPLORE campbellsoupcompany.com

Home
Site Map
About Us

Campbell Soup Company

Leadership Team
Our Businesses
Corporate Governance
Corporate Responsibility
Campbell Soup Foundation




 Our Brands
Investor Center

Overview
At a Glance
Stock Information
News & Events
Financial Information
Shareholder Services
Investor Contacts
Analyst Information
Corporate Governance


 Newsroom

Campbell News
Press Releases
Media Contact
Media Library


Connect with Campbell

Connect With Campbell
FAQ
Product Locator
International Inquiries
Directions to World Headquarters






Connect 
 
 
 
Our Other SitesNutrition & Wellness
Recipes
Campbell Shop
Careers
Innovation
CSR
 
















Adam G. Ciongoli - WOW.com




































Home page











Search the Web

Close menu



 WOW
 Web














Sign-In

Close


My Favorites



View MY FAVORITES

You have no Favorite Channels.To follow a channel click the ...If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link at the top of the page.

Manage MY FAVORITES






Home


Entertainment

Move menu left

Actors


Awards


Movies


Music 


TV


TV Shows


Music Artists


Music Genres


Books

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Celebrity Gossip,


Game of Thrones,


Movie Titles,


Taylor Swift






Health

Move menu left

Diets


Diseases


Drugs


Health Law


Healthcare


Healthy Living

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Conditions A-Z,


Life Stages,


Mental Health,


Pregnancy






Tech

Move menu left

Apps


Computer Hardware


Internet


Smart Phones


Tablets

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Windows 10,


Audio & Video,


E-Readers,


Video Games






Food

Move menu left

Allergies


Beverages


Cooking


Food Movements


Safety

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Organic Food,


Sustainable Food,


Homebrewing,


Winemaking






Lifestyle

Move menu left

Celebrations


Fashion


Religion


Style


Travel & Tourism

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Men's Fashion,


Women's Fashion,


Beauty,


Travel Tips






Family

Move menu left

Adoption & Planning


Marriage


Parenting


Pets

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Relationships,


Dating,


Having a Baby,


Baby Products






Sports

Move menu left

NFL


NBA


NHL


MLB


NCAA FB


NCAA BB


Golf


Boxing


Soccer


Cycling


Motor Sports


Swimming

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Cricket,


Extreme Sports,


Rugby,


Tennis






Money

Move menu left

Business


Careers


Companies


Economy


Industries

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Personal Finance,


Personal Debt,


Real Estate,


Retirement Planning






More

Move menu left

Arts


Education


Home & Garden


Autos

Move menu right



Arts


Education


Home & Garden


Autos

Surprise Me !












Adam G. Ciongoli



        Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adam_G._CiongoliUpdated: 2017-05-13T01:40Z
      
Adam G. CiongoliBorn1968 (age 48–49)NationalityUnited StatesAlma materGeorgetown University Law CenterUniversity of PennsylvaniaOccupationLawyerAdam G. Ciongoli (born 1968) is a government and private lawyer, and was the Counselor to United States Attorney General John Ashcroft during the September 11, 2001 attacks and in the period that followed.According to an October 2002 profile in Legal Times,[1] Ciongoli grew up in Burlington, Vermont, the son of A. Kenneth Ciongoli, a neurologist and chairman of the National Italian American Foundation. Ciongoli attended the University of Pennsylvania, and graduated from Georgetown University Law Center in 1995. He began his legal career as a clerk for then-Judge Samuel A. Alito, Jr. on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Newark, New Jersey. After his clerkship, Ciongoli went to work for Kenneth Starr, Paul Cappuccio and other noted Republican lawyers in the Washington, DC office of Kirkland & Ellis. In 1999, he succeeded his friend and former Kirkland colleague, Paul Clement as the chief counsel to the United States Senate Constitution Subcommittee, which was chaired by then-Senator John Ashcroft.After an unusual re-election defeat, Ashcroft was appointed Attorney General by President-elect George W. Bush, and took Ciongoli to the Justice Department with him. Ciongoli played a prominent role as the Attorney General's legal advisor, including participation in formulating the Patriot Act, and drafting the administration's order authorizing military commissions to try suspected terrorists and writing the subsequent regulations. In 2003, the White House Chief of Staff, Andy Card, named Ciongoli as the administration's chief liaison to the Independent 9/11 Commission;[2] Some Democratic members of the Commission criticized Ciongoli for restricting the Commission's access to key people and documents.After leaving the Justice Department later that year, Mr. Ciongoli became a senior vice president and general counsel at Time Warner Europe.[3]When his former boss, Judge Alito was nominated to the United States Supreme Court, Ciongoli played an active role in preparing Alito for his confirmation hearings[4] and in publicly advocating the nomination.[citation needed] In a surprising move, Ciongoli then left his lucrative corporate job to become one of the newly confirmed Justice Alito's law clerks.[5] Justice Alito officiated Mr. Ciongoli's marriage in June 2006.[6] Mr. Ciongoli went on to be general counsel of a number of well-known public companies post-clerkship, including Willis Group Holdings plc (2007-20012). Lincoln Financial Group (2012-2015), and since July 2015 General Counsel of the Campbell Soup Company.References^ Counseling Ashcroft - Legal Times, 10/18/2002^ Where’s Saddam? - MSNBC Newsweek in Iraq 4/2/2003 Archived September 12, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.^ New GC at AOL-Time Warner, Europe Reports to His Former Professor - Corporate Counsel Magazine^ Alito's 'murder board' a mix of the legal elite - National Law Journal, 1/26/06^ Lane, Charles (2006-02-15). "Alito Hires as a Clerk Former Ashcroft Aide". Washington Post. ^ Lattman, Peter (2006-06-12). "Justice Alito Marries Off His Law Clerk". Wall Street Journal. 






Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. � Wikipedia is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.

 


Also On Wow





 





Advertisement



 

Popular Articles





Texas executes man who stabbed woman to death at her home
Jul 27, 2017 Lindsay Keeler
				  




Shocking video shows former NFL player running through glass...
Jul 26, 2017 William Steakin
				  




Woman threatens to 'kill every one of you Muslims' in shocking...
Jul 27, 2017 William Steakin
				  




Sean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at...
Jul 27, 2017 Lindsay Keeler
				  




JAY-Z's '4:44' album: Fan believes title was inspired by...
Jul 26, 2017 Marah Alindogan
				  



Give feedback 








    © AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved
Privacy | 
    Terms of Use | 
    About our Ads
Share: 

 









 









 



Campbell Appoints Adam G. Ciongoli Senior Vice President, General Counsel | Business Wire
























































Campbell Appoints Adam G. Ciongoli Senior Vice President, General 
      Counsel






June 11, 2015 08:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CAMDEN, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Campbell Soup Company (NYSE:CPB) today appointed Adam G. Ciongoli 
      Senior Vice President - General Counsel, reporting to Campbell’s 
      President and Chief Executive Officer Denise Morrison. He will be 
      responsible for Campbell’s legal, corporate secretary and government 
      relations activities and will be a member of the Campbell Leadership 
      Team. Ciongoli’s appointment is effective July 13, 2015.
    


      “Adam brings a diverse and extensive range of experience to his role as 
      general counsel, having practiced law in both the public and private 
      sectors, which will be an asset as we work to reshape Campbell for 
      future growth,” said Morrison. “I welcome his perspective and look 
      forward to working with him to build on the strong foundation we have 
      established with our legal department.”
    

      Ciongoli, 47, joins Campbell with more than 20 years of legal 
      experience. Most recently, he was Executive Vice President and General 
      Counsel of Lincoln Financial Group, a Fortune 250 insurance and 
      financial services company, where he directed the law, compliance, 
      corporate secretary and government relations departments. Prior to 
      Lincoln Financial, he served as Group General Counsel and Secretary for 
      Willis Group Holdings, PLC. During his tenure at Willis Group, he 
      supported the company’s global operations and advised the company on 
      several significant transactions. Adam was also Senior Vice President 
      and General Counsel for Time Warner, Europe. He was responsible for 
      negotiating regulatory clearance of European mergers and acquisitions.
    

      His previous experience includes serving as the counselor to the 
      Attorney General of the United States, as chief counsel to the U.S. 
      Senate Subcommittee on the Constitution, Federalism and Property Rights 
      and as law clerk to United States Supreme Court Justice Samuel A. Alito, 
      Jr.
    

      “I am very excited to partner with Denise Morrison and join the Campbell 
      team,” said Ciongoli. “It is an honor to be able to contribute in a 
      leadership role in the future development of such an iconic and 
      important American company.”
    

      Ciongoli graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a Bachelor 
      of Arts in history. He holds a Juris Doctor magna cum laude from the 
      Georgetown University Law Center. Ciongoli is a member of the Board of 
      Directors for the Habitat for Humanity in Philadelphia. He also serves 
      as a Lecturer-in-Law at Columbia University Law School.
    

About Campbell Soup Company


      Campbell (NYSE:CPB) is driven and inspired by our Purpose, “Real food 
      that matters for life’s moments.” The company makes a range of products 
      from high-quality soups and simple meals to snacks and healthy 
      beverages. For generations, people have trusted Campbell to provide 
      authentic, flavorful and readily available foods and beverages that 
      connect them to each other, to warm memories, and to what’s important 
      today. Led by its iconic Campbell’s brand, the company’s 
      portfolio includes Pepperidge Farm, Goldfish, Bolthouse 
      Farms, V8, Swanson, Prego, Pace, Plum 
      Organics, Arnott’s, Tim Tam, Royal Dansk and Kjeldsens.
Founded in 1869, Campbell has a heritage of giving back and acting 
      as a good steward of the planet’s natural resources. The company is a 
      member of the Standard & Poor’s 500 and the Dow Jones Sustainability 
      Indexes. For more information, visit www.campbellsoupcompany.com 
      or follow company news on Twitter via @CampbellSoupCo.
    


Contacts

      Campbell Soup CompanyINVESTOR CONTACT:Jennifer 
      Driscoll, 856-342-6081jennifer_driscoll@campbellsoup.comorMEDIA 
      CONTACT:Carla Burigatto, 856-342-3737carla_burigatto@campbellsoup.com
















Contacts

      Campbell Soup CompanyINVESTOR CONTACT:Jennifer 
      Driscoll, 856-342-6081jennifer_driscoll@campbellsoup.comorMEDIA 
      CONTACT:Carla Burigatto, 856-342-3737carla_burigatto@campbellsoup.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up


















About: Adam G. Ciongoli
























Toggle navigation










 Faceted Browser 
 Sparql Endpoint 



 Browse using 

OpenLink Faceted Browser
OpenLink Structured Data Editor
LodLive Browser
LODmilla Browser



 Formats 

 RDF:
N-Triples
N3/Turtle
JSON
XML

 OData:
Atom
JSON

 Microdata:
JSON
HTML

 Embedded:
JSON
Turtle

CXML
CSV
JSON-LD










About:
	    Adam G. Ciongoli


	    An Entity of Type : person,
	    from Named Graph : http://dbpedia.org,
	    within Data Space : dbpedia.org






Adam G. Ciongoli (born 1968) is a government and private lawyer, and was the Counselor to United States Attorney General John Ashcroft during the September 11, 2001 attacks and in the period that followed. After leaving the Justice Department later that year, Mr. Ciongoli became a senior vice president and general counsel at Time Warner Europe.





Property
Value

dbo:abstract

Adam G. Ciongoli (born 1968) is a government and private lawyer, and was the Counselor to United States Attorney General John Ashcroft during the September 11, 2001 attacks and in the period that followed. According to an October 2002 profile in Legal Times, Ciongoli grew up in Burlington, Vermont, the son of A. Kenneth Ciongoli, a neurologist and chairman of the National Italian American Foundation. Ciongoli attended the University of Pennsylvania, and graduated from Georgetown University Law Center in 1995. He began his legal career as a clerk for then-Judge Samuel A. Alito, Jr. on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Newark, New Jersey. After his clerkship, Ciongoli went to work for Kenneth Starr, Paul Cappuccio and other noted Republican lawyers in the Washington, DC office of Kirkland & Ellis. In 1999, he succeeded his friend and former Kirkland colleague, Paul Clement as the chief counsel to the United States Senate Constitution Subcommittee, which was chaired by then-Senator John Ashcroft. After an unusual re-election defeat, Ashcroft was appointed Attorney General by President-elect George W. Bush, and took Ciongoli to the Justice Department with him. Ciongoli played a prominent role as the Attorney General's legal advisor, including participation in formulating the Patriot Act, and drafting the administration's order authorizing military commissions to try suspected terrorists and writing the subsequent regulations. In 2003, the White House Chief of Staff, Andy Card, named Ciongoli as the administration's chief liaison to the Independent 9/11 Commission; Some Democratic members of the Commission criticized Ciongoli for restricting the Commission's access to key people and documents. After leaving the Justice Department later that year, Mr. Ciongoli became a senior vice president and general counsel at Time Warner Europe. When his former boss, Judge Alito was nominated to the United States Supreme Court, Ciongoli played an active role in preparing Alito for his confirmation hearings and in publicly advocating the nomination. In a surprising move, Ciongoli then left his lucrative corporate job to become one of the newly confirmed Justice Alito's law clerks. Justice Alito officiated Mr. Ciongoli's marriage in June 2006.Mr. Ciongoli went on to be general counsel of a number of well-known public companies post-clerkship, including Willis Group Holdings plc (2007-20012). Lincoln Financial Group (2012-2015), and since July 2015 General Counsel of the Campbell Soup Company. (en)
dbo:almaMater

dbr:Georgetown_University_Law_Center
dbr:University_of_Pennsylvania
dbo:birthDate

1968-1-1
dbo:birthYear

1968-01-01 (xsd:date)
dbo:nationality

dbr:United_States
dbo:occupation

dbr:Lawyer
dbr:Adam_G._Ciongoli__1
dbo:stateOfOrigin

dbr:United_States
dbo:wikiPageID

5732174 (xsd:integer)
dbo:wikiPageRevisionID

742468882 (xsd:integer)
dct:description

American lawyer (en)
dct:subject

dbc:Law_clerks_of_the_Supreme_Court_of_the_United_States
dbc:1968_births
dbc:American_people_of_Italian_descent
dbc:Georgetown_University_Law_Center_alumni
dbc:Living_people
dbc:People_from_Burlington,_Vermont
dbc:University_of_Pennsylvania_alumni
dbc:Washington,_D.C._lawyers
dbc:United_States_Department_of_Justice_lawyers
dbc:United_States_Senate_lawyers
rdf:type

owl:Thing
foaf:Person
dbo:Person
dul:Agent
dul:NaturalPerson
wikidata:Q215627
wikidata:Q24229398
wikidata:Q5
dbo:Agent
schema:Person
yago:WikicatPeopleFromBurlington,Vermont
yago:WikicatGeorgetownUniversityLawCenterAlumni
yago:Adult109605289
yago:Alumnus109786338
yago:CausalAgent100007347
yago:Clerk109928451
yago:Employee110053808
yago:Intellectual109621545
yago:Lawyer110249950
yago:LivingThing100004258
yago:Object100002684
yago:Organism100004475
yago:Person100007846
yago:PhysicalEntity100001930
yago:Professional110480253
yago:Scholar110557854
yago:Whole100003553
yago:Worker109632518
yago:YagoLegalActor
yago:YagoLegalActorGeo
yago:WikicatAmericanPeopleOfItalianDescent
yago:WikicatUnitedStatesSenateLawyers
yago:WikicatWashington,D.C.Lawyers
yago:WikicatLawClerksOfTheSupremeCourtOfTheUnitedStates
yago:WikicatLivingPeople
rdfs:comment

Adam G. Ciongoli (born 1968) is a government and private lawyer, and was the Counselor to United States Attorney General John Ashcroft during the September 11, 2001 attacks and in the period that followed. After leaving the Justice Department later that year, Mr. Ciongoli became a senior vice president and general counsel at Time Warner Europe. (en)
rdfs:label

Adam G. Ciongoli (en)
owl:sameAs

wikidata:Adam G. Ciongoli
dbpedia-wikidata:Adam G. Ciongoli
freebase:Adam G. Ciongoli
yago-res:Adam G. Ciongoli
prov:wasDerivedFrom

wikipedia-en:Adam_G._Ciongoli?oldid=742468882
foaf:gender

male (en)
foaf:givenName

Adam (en)
foaf:isPrimaryTopicOf

wikipedia-en:Adam_G._Ciongoli
foaf:name

Adam G. Ciongoli (en)
is dbp:name
 of
dbr:List_of_law_clerks_of_the_Supreme_Court_of_the_United_States_(Seat_8)
is foaf:primaryTopic
 of
wikipedia-en:Adam_G._Ciongoli









   
	    
	     
	   
	






	    This content was extracted from Wikipedia and is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License




















Campbell Appoints Adam G. Ciongoli Senior Vice President, General Counsel - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Campbell Appoints Adam G. Ciongoli Senior Vice President, General Counsel






Business Wire




Jun 11, 2015 8:30 AM EDT













 




























































  Campbell Soup Company (NYSE:CPB) today appointed Adam G. Ciongoli Senior Vice President - General Counsel, reporting to Campbell's President and Chief Executive Officer Denise Morrison. He will be responsible for Campbell's legal, corporate secretary and government relations activities and will be a member of the Campbell Leadership Team. Ciongoli's appointment is effective July 13, 2015.  "Adam brings a diverse and extensive range of experience to his role as general counsel, having practiced law in both the public and private sectors, which will be an asset as we work to reshape Campbell for future growth," said Morrison. "I welcome his perspective and look forward to working with him to build on the strong foundation we have established with our legal department."  Ciongoli, 47, joins Campbell with more than 20 years of legal experience. Most recently, he was Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Lincoln Financial Group, a Fortune 250 insurance and financial services company, where he directed the law, compliance, corporate secretary and government relations departments. Prior to Lincoln Financial, he served as Group General Counsel and Secretary for Willis Group Holdings, PLC. During his tenure at Willis Group, he supported the company's global operations and advised the company on several significant transactions. Adam was also Senior Vice President and General Counsel for Time Warner, Europe. He was responsible for negotiating regulatory clearance of European mergers and acquisitions.  His previous experience includes serving as the counselor to the Attorney General of the United States, as chief counsel to the U.S. Senate Subcommittee on the Constitution, Federalism and Property Rights and as law clerk to United States Supreme Court Justice Samuel A. Alito, Jr.  "I am very excited to partner with Denise Morrison and join the Campbell team," said Ciongoli. "It is an honor to be able to contribute in a leadership role in the future development of such an iconic and important American company."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













It's Hard to Be Optimistic on the Stock Market, So That's Why I Hiked My Short Position: Doug Kass
This is what you need to know about the call.



Doug Kass

Jul 24, 2017 7:14 AM EDT
























Trump Could Still Unleash an Attack on Amazon Real Soon, Doug Kass Says
Here's the call.



Doug Kass

Jul 22, 2017 10:00 AM EDT
























Campbell's Soup Aims for Greater Transparency With Its Customers
Campbell's is working on a "clean" product line, including an ingredients list that customers can understand.



Lindsay Rittenhouse

Jul 20, 2017 8:45 AM EDT
























Amazon Files Trademark to Get Into Meal Kits, Continuing to Haunt Blue Apron
After hurting Blue Apron's IPO with its $13.7 billion acquisition of Whole Foods, Amazon is now getting directly into meal kits.



Laura Berman

Jul 17, 2017 4:11 PM EDT








































 











Trending


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol


This Explains Amazon's Big Second-Quarter Profit Slump


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














Campbell Soup appoints Adam G. Ciongoli senior vice president and general counsel








 










































 








Your browser is blocking javascript. This might limit your experience on this website

 








SUBSCRIBE
FREE NEWSLETTER


Breaking News on Food & Beverage Development - North AmericaEU edition | APAC edition







 








News




Manufacturers
Suppliers
Markets
R&D
Regulation
People
VIEWS
Promotional Features










Site Archive
July 2017
June 2017
Previous months







Sectors




Bakery
Beverage
Confectionery
Dairy
Healthy Foods
Prepared Foods
Snacks













Trends




Greek yogurt
Whole grains
Energy drinks and shots
Fancy Food Show
Dietary Guidelines 
IFT Show
Nutrition Facts
Sugar reduction
Healthy snacking
Entrepreneurs to watch


FOOD VISION USA
Expo West
Healthy & Natural 
Clean label
The Trump administration
Food retail and e-commerce
Plant-based foods and beverages
Sustainable sourcing
Food labeling and marketing
Natural claims


The obesity problem
The GM debate
Trendspotter
Natural sweeteners
Organics
Food safety
Gluten free
GMO Labeling
Health & Wellness








Multimedia




Videos
Audios
Galleries
Online Events













Ingredients




Carbohydrates and fibers (sugar, starches)
Cereals and bakery preparations
Chocolate and confectionery ingredients
Cultures, enzymes, yeast
Dairy-based ingredients


Emulsifiers, stabilizers, hydrocolloids
Fats & oils
Flavors and colors
Food safety and labeling
Fruit, vegetable, nut ingredients


Health and nutritional ingredients
Meat, fish and savory ingredients
Preservatives and acidulants
Proteins
Sweeteners (intense, bulk, polyols)





Resources
All Products
Supplier Webinars
Videos & Audio
Technical Papers
Product Brochures
Suppliers







Events




Our events
Shows & Conferences
Archive













Jobs




Food Jobs - UK








LATAM














 







News > Suppliers









Read more breaking news


 



 

 

Text size
Print
Forward


















Subscribe to our FREE newsletter
SUBSCRIBE






Campbell Soup appoints Adam G. Ciongoli senior vice president and general counsel 



 
 
 




Next we head to Campbell Soup Company, which has hired Adam G. Ciongoli as senior vice president and general counsel, effective July 13. 

 






New hires: Brendan Foley moves up ladder at McCormick, Unilever unveils new CFO, Runa co-founder seeks pastures new 





Unilever appoints Graeme Pitkethly as CFO, replacing Jean-Marc Huët  





Vita Coco hires Heineken exec to head marketing efforts in North America 





Runa co-founder Dan MacCombie heading for pastures new 





Hershey international president Humberto Alfonso to retire at end of June 





McCormick & Co appoints Lisa Manzone HR SVP and Brendan Foley as President North America   





Antoine de Saint-Affrique to become CEO of Barry Callebaut  





Alison A. Cornell to Join IFF as EVP & CFO 





Prinova appoints Bill Karpen as its new innovation director  





Campbell Soup appoints Adam G. Ciongoli senior vice president and general counsel  





United Sugars Corporation names Matt Wineinger president    





Leaslie Carr is the new marketing manager at AAK USA Inc 





ADM announces management appointments  





Mondelez International appoints Mohit Bhalla VP,corporate development  





Promotions for Hormel execs post Applegate deal 



 




1
                  ...            8
 |  9
 |  10
 |  11
 |  12
                  ...                  15






























All Galleries







 FOOD INNOVATION FORUM HIGHLIGHTS: ‘At the heart of all successful brands over the last 4-5 years is the idea of simplicity…’
From why Facebook is a great way to garner consumer insights on a budget, to why inviting...




 Emerging ice cream trends reveal sophistication, portion control and allergy-friendly
As the summer days heat up, so is the market for frozen desserts, including dairy- and nut-free...




 IFT 2017 part three: Plant-based formulation challenges, and where next for stevia? 
In the third and final part of our trendwatching tour of the IFT 2017 expo floor, we...




 Nut butters raise the ante with innovative packaging and sophisticated flavors
Fueled in part by consumer demand for plant-based protein and a nostalgic familiarity, nut and seed butters...




 IFT 2017 part two: Clean label moves beyond the ingredients list
'Clean label' used to be about ousting artificial (or artificial-sounding) ingredients from food labels, but is beginning...








  







Most Popular News



1IFT 2017 part three: Plant-based formulation challenges, and where next for stevia? 2Emerging ice cream trends reveal sophistication, portion control and allergy-friendly3Researchers answer whether a low-fat or low-carb diet is more successful for weight loss4thinkThin continues double-digit growth, prepares to unveil ‘breakthrough protein snack’   5Green Chef CEO: ‘The Amazon Whole Foods deal has absolutely rattled food retailing and CPG markets’


  







Key Industry Events








13-Nov-2017
Food Vision USA 
Chicago / Conference
Read more


Access all events listing











Products





 

Responding to Transparency and Clean Label Demands
Kikkoman
 


élantria™ Algal DHA … Promise Everything. Then Deliver.
PLT Health Solutions
 


Protein rich crackers from sustainable proteins pea and fiber
Roquette
 


Essentia Protein Solutions – Bone Broth Protein Powders
Essentia Protein Solutions
 


Filling & Closing Canned Liquid Dairy Products
JBT (John Bean Technologies)
 


A novel, sugar-free binder syrup for healthier snacks
Jungbunzlauer
 

View All Products










On demand Supplier Webinars

Delivering differentiation in clean labels
Ingredion



Food Innovation editorial webinar
William Reed Business Media



Optimizing California Almonds for Plant-Forward Formulations
Almond Board of California



FoodNavigator-USA Flavor Trends editorial webinar 
William Reed Business Media



FoodNavigator-USA Clean Label editorial webinar 
William Reed Business Media

All supplier webinars









Today's Headlines






 Amazon ‘does not solve all of Whole Foods' woes,’ analyst
 
 Industry players outline their wish lists for ‘NAFTA 2.0’ and express anxiety about renegotiation
 
 Amazon's US grocery sales surged 50% to $420m in Q2; perishables up 110%
 
 First round to Lidl in trademark infringement dispute with Kroger
 
 The top performing grocery retailers have superior prepared food sections, says Nielsen
 
 Herbal infusion Wanku offers functional benefits for consumers and producers
 
 Ben & Jerry’s says product is safe after traces of glyphosate found in ice cream





 







Weekly / Daily Free Newsletter
 

FoodNavigator.com
Food & Beverage Development - Europe
FoodNavigator-USA.com
Food & Beverage Development - North America
FoodNavigator-Asia.com
Food, Beverage & Supplement Development - Asia Pacific


NutraIngredients.com
Supplements & Nutrition - Europe
NutraIngredients-USA.com
Supplements & Nutrition - North America
NutraIngredients-Asia.com
Supplements & Nutrition - Asia Pacific


FoodQualityNews.com
Food Safety & Quality Control

 

DairyReporter.com
Dairy Processing & Markets
BeverageDaily.com
Beverage Technology & Markets
ConfectioneryNews.com
Confectionery & Biscuit Processing
BakeryAndSnacks.com
Industrial Baking & Snacks
GlobalMeatNews.com
Global Meat Trading and Processing


FoodManufacture.co.uk
The Information Resource for Food and Drink Processing


FeedNavigator.com
Global Animal Feed Industry




Other Newsletters
 

Science & Nutrition Research
Food legislation
Food Finance
Innovations in Food Ingredients
Innovations in Food Processing and Packaging
Innovations in Food Safety & Instrumentation







Free Supplements


 
BeverageDaily Beer Supplement
Beer Technology & Marketing


NutraIngredients-Asia China Supplement
来自中国的营养品和保健品新闻 / Nutrition and Supplements news from China


Ingredients
Ingredients


NutraIngredients-Asia Japan Supplement
日本発信　栄養とサプリメントに関するニュース / Nutrition and Supplements news from Japan

  
FoodNavigator-USA LATAM Supplement
Food & Beverage Development and Processing - LATAM


NutraIngredients-USA LATAM Supplement
Nutrition and Supplements news from LATAM


FoodNavigator Middle East Supplement
Food & Beverage Development and Processing - Middle East

 







Free e-mail alerts

 
Carbohydrates and fibers (sugar, starches)


Cereals and bakery preparations


Chocolate and confectionery ingredients


Cultures, enzymes, yeast

  
Dairy-based ingredients


Emulsifiers, stabilisers, hydrocolloids


Fats & oils


Flavors and colors

  
Food safety and labelling


Fruit, vegetable, nut ingredients


Health and nutritional ingredients


Meat, fish and savoury ingredients

  
Preservatives and acidulants


Proteins


Sweeteners (intense, bulk, polyols)

 





Subscribe to our FREE newsletterSUBSCRIBE






 Related Sites from our Team


Industrial Baking & Snacks
                                             | 
                                                                                    Beverage Technology & Markets
                                             | 
                                                                                    Confectionery & Biscuit Processing
                                             | 
                                                                                    Dairy Processing & Markets
                                             | 
                                                                                                                Food & Beverage Development - Europe
                                             | 
                                                                                                                                            Food Safety & Quality Control
                                             | 
                                                                                    Supplements, Health & Nutrition - Europe
                                             | 
                                                                                    Supplements, Health & Nutrition - North America
                                             | 
                                                                                    Inside food & drink manufacturing
                                             | 
                                                                                    Food & Beverage Development and Technology - Asia Pacific
                                             | 
                                                                                    Global Meat Trading and Processing
                                             | 
                                                                                    Supplements, Health & Nutrition - Asia Pacific





About us |
                            Editorial Calendar |
                Site map |
        All sites |
                                            Recommend this Site |
                
                    Advertise |
                            Contact the Editor |
        
        Terms & Conditions  |
        Privacy & Cookie Policy

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip



















Adam G. Ciongoli - Wikipedia





















 






Adam G. Ciongoli

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Adam G. Ciongoli


Born
1968 (age 48–49)


Nationality
United States


Alma mater
Georgetown University Law Center
University of Pennsylvania


Occupation
Lawyer


Adam G. Ciongoli (born 1968) is a government and private lawyer, and was the Counselor to United States Attorney General John Ashcroft during the September 11, 2001 attacks and in the period that followed.
According to an October 2002 profile in Legal Times,[1] Ciongoli grew up in Burlington, Vermont, the son of A. Kenneth Ciongoli, a neurologist and chairman of the National Italian American Foundation. Ciongoli attended the University of Pennsylvania, and graduated from Georgetown University Law Center in 1995. He began his legal career as a clerk for then-Judge Samuel A. Alito, Jr. on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Newark, New Jersey. After his clerkship, Ciongoli went to work for Kenneth Starr, Paul Cappuccio and other noted Republican lawyers in the Washington, DC office of Kirkland & Ellis. In 1999, he succeeded his friend and former Kirkland colleague, Paul Clement as the chief counsel to the United States Senate Constitution Subcommittee, which was chaired by then-Senator John Ashcroft.
After an unusual re-election defeat, Ashcroft was appointed Attorney General by President-elect George W. Bush, and took Ciongoli to the Justice Department with him. Ciongoli played a prominent role as the Attorney General's legal advisor, including participation in formulating the Patriot Act, and drafting the administration's order authorizing military commissions to try suspected terrorists and writing the subsequent regulations. In 2003, the White House Chief of Staff, Andy Card, named Ciongoli as the administration's chief liaison to the Independent 9/11 Commission;[2] Some Democratic members of the Commission criticized Ciongoli for restricting the Commission's access to key people and documents.
After leaving the Justice Department later that year, Mr. Ciongoli became a senior vice president and general counsel at Time Warner Europe.[3]
When his former boss, Judge Alito was nominated to the United States Supreme Court, Ciongoli played an active role in preparing Alito for his confirmation hearings[4] and in publicly advocating the nomination.[citation needed] In a surprising move, Ciongoli then left his lucrative corporate job to become one of the newly confirmed Justice Alito's law clerks.[5] Justice Alito officiated Mr. Ciongoli's marriage in June 2006.[6] Mr. Ciongoli went on to be general counsel of a number of well-known public companies post-clerkship, including Willis Group Holdings plc (2007-20012). Lincoln Financial Group (2012-2015), and since July 2015 General Counsel of the Campbell Soup Company.
References[edit]



^ Counseling Ashcroft - Legal Times, 10/18/2002
^ Where’s Saddam? - MSNBC Newsweek in Iraq 4/2/2003 Archived September 12, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.
^ New GC at AOL-Time Warner, Europe Reports to His Former Professor - Corporate Counsel Magazine
^ Alito's 'murder board' a mix of the legal elite - National Law Journal, 1/26/06
^ Lane, Charles (2006-02-15). "Alito Hires as a Clerk Former Ashcroft Aide". Washington Post. 
^ Lattman, Peter (2006-06-12). "Justice Alito Marries Off His Law Clerk". Wall Street Journal. 







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Adam_G._Ciongoli&oldid=780112781"					
Categories: 1968 birthsLiving peopleUnited States Department of Justice lawyersUnited States Senate lawyersPeople from Burlington, VermontAmerican people of Italian descentUniversity of Pennsylvania alumniGeorgetown University Law Center alumniLaw clerks of the Supreme Court of the United StatesWashington, D.C. lawyersKirkland & Ellis alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 13 May 2017, at 01:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Adam G. Ciongoli - Wikipedia





















 






Adam G. Ciongoli

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Adam G. Ciongoli


Born
1968 (age 48–49)


Nationality
United States


Alma mater
Georgetown University Law Center
University of Pennsylvania


Occupation
Lawyer


Adam G. Ciongoli (born 1968) is a government and private lawyer, and was the Counselor to United States Attorney General John Ashcroft during the September 11, 2001 attacks and in the period that followed.
According to an October 2002 profile in Legal Times,[1] Ciongoli grew up in Burlington, Vermont, the son of A. Kenneth Ciongoli, a neurologist and chairman of the National Italian American Foundation. Ciongoli attended the University of Pennsylvania, and graduated from Georgetown University Law Center in 1995. He began his legal career as a clerk for then-Judge Samuel A. Alito, Jr. on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Newark, New Jersey. After his clerkship, Ciongoli went to work for Kenneth Starr, Paul Cappuccio and other noted Republican lawyers in the Washington, DC office of Kirkland & Ellis. In 1999, he succeeded his friend and former Kirkland colleague, Paul Clement as the chief counsel to the United States Senate Constitution Subcommittee, which was chaired by then-Senator John Ashcroft.
After an unusual re-election defeat, Ashcroft was appointed Attorney General by President-elect George W. Bush, and took Ciongoli to the Justice Department with him. Ciongoli played a prominent role as the Attorney General's legal advisor, including participation in formulating the Patriot Act, and drafting the administration's order authorizing military commissions to try suspected terrorists and writing the subsequent regulations. In 2003, the White House Chief of Staff, Andy Card, named Ciongoli as the administration's chief liaison to the Independent 9/11 Commission;[2] Some Democratic members of the Commission criticized Ciongoli for restricting the Commission's access to key people and documents.
After leaving the Justice Department later that year, Mr. Ciongoli became a senior vice president and general counsel at Time Warner Europe.[3]
When his former boss, Judge Alito was nominated to the United States Supreme Court, Ciongoli played an active role in preparing Alito for his confirmation hearings[4] and in publicly advocating the nomination.[citation needed] In a surprising move, Ciongoli then left his lucrative corporate job to become one of the newly confirmed Justice Alito's law clerks.[5] Justice Alito officiated Mr. Ciongoli's marriage in June 2006.[6] Mr. Ciongoli went on to be general counsel of a number of well-known public companies post-clerkship, including Willis Group Holdings plc (2007-20012). Lincoln Financial Group (2012-2015), and since July 2015 General Counsel of the Campbell Soup Company.
References[edit]



^ Counseling Ashcroft - Legal Times, 10/18/2002
^ Where’s Saddam? - MSNBC Newsweek in Iraq 4/2/2003 Archived September 12, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.
^ New GC at AOL-Time Warner, Europe Reports to His Former Professor - Corporate Counsel Magazine
^ Alito's 'murder board' a mix of the legal elite - National Law Journal, 1/26/06
^ Lane, Charles (2006-02-15). "Alito Hires as a Clerk Former Ashcroft Aide". Washington Post. 
^ Lattman, Peter (2006-06-12). "Justice Alito Marries Off His Law Clerk". Wall Street Journal. 







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Adam_G._Ciongoli&oldid=780112781"					
Categories: 1968 birthsLiving peopleUnited States Department of Justice lawyersUnited States Senate lawyersPeople from Burlington, VermontAmerican people of Italian descentUniversity of Pennsylvania alumniGeorgetown University Law Center alumniLaw clerks of the Supreme Court of the United StatesWashington, D.C. lawyersKirkland & Ellis alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 13 May 2017, at 01:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Adam G. Ciongoli - Wikipedia





















 






Adam G. Ciongoli

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Adam G. Ciongoli


Born
1968 (age 48–49)


Nationality
United States


Alma mater
Georgetown University Law Center
University of Pennsylvania


Occupation
Lawyer


Adam G. Ciongoli (born 1968) is a government and private lawyer, and was the Counselor to United States Attorney General John Ashcroft during the September 11, 2001 attacks and in the period that followed.
According to an October 2002 profile in Legal Times,[1] Ciongoli grew up in Burlington, Vermont, the son of A. Kenneth Ciongoli, a neurologist and chairman of the National Italian American Foundation. Ciongoli attended the University of Pennsylvania, and graduated from Georgetown University Law Center in 1995. He began his legal career as a clerk for then-Judge Samuel A. Alito, Jr. on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Newark, New Jersey. After his clerkship, Ciongoli went to work for Kenneth Starr, Paul Cappuccio and other noted Republican lawyers in the Washington, DC office of Kirkland & Ellis. In 1999, he succeeded his friend and former Kirkland colleague, Paul Clement as the chief counsel to the United States Senate Constitution Subcommittee, which was chaired by then-Senator John Ashcroft.
After an unusual re-election defeat, Ashcroft was appointed Attorney General by President-elect George W. Bush, and took Ciongoli to the Justice Department with him. Ciongoli played a prominent role as the Attorney General's legal advisor, including participation in formulating the Patriot Act, and drafting the administration's order authorizing military commissions to try suspected terrorists and writing the subsequent regulations. In 2003, the White House Chief of Staff, Andy Card, named Ciongoli as the administration's chief liaison to the Independent 9/11 Commission;[2] Some Democratic members of the Commission criticized Ciongoli for restricting the Commission's access to key people and documents.
After leaving the Justice Department later that year, Mr. Ciongoli became a senior vice president and general counsel at Time Warner Europe.[3]
When his former boss, Judge Alito was nominated to the United States Supreme Court, Ciongoli played an active role in preparing Alito for his confirmation hearings[4] and in publicly advocating the nomination.[citation needed] In a surprising move, Ciongoli then left his lucrative corporate job to become one of the newly confirmed Justice Alito's law clerks.[5] Justice Alito officiated Mr. Ciongoli's marriage in June 2006.[6] Mr. Ciongoli went on to be general counsel of a number of well-known public companies post-clerkship, including Willis Group Holdings plc (2007-20012). Lincoln Financial Group (2012-2015), and since July 2015 General Counsel of the Campbell Soup Company.
References[edit]



^ Counseling Ashcroft - Legal Times, 10/18/2002
^ Where’s Saddam? - MSNBC Newsweek in Iraq 4/2/2003 Archived September 12, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.
^ New GC at AOL-Time Warner, Europe Reports to His Former Professor - Corporate Counsel Magazine
^ Alito's 'murder board' a mix of the legal elite - National Law Journal, 1/26/06
^ Lane, Charles (2006-02-15). "Alito Hires as a Clerk Former Ashcroft Aide". Washington Post. 
^ Lattman, Peter (2006-06-12). "Justice Alito Marries Off His Law Clerk". Wall Street Journal. 







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Adam_G._Ciongoli&oldid=780112781"					
Categories: 1968 birthsLiving peopleUnited States Department of Justice lawyersUnited States Senate lawyersPeople from Burlington, VermontAmerican people of Italian descentUniversity of Pennsylvania alumniGeorgetown University Law Center alumniLaw clerks of the Supreme Court of the United StatesWashington, D.C. lawyersKirkland & Ellis alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 13 May 2017, at 01:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
