

FULCAP OPPORTUNITY FUND, LP - DALLAS, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



DALLAS



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            FULCAP OPPORTUNITY FUND, LP
                                    



 





















F 


FULCAP OPPORTUNITY FUND, LP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



8750 N CENTRAL EXPY DALLAS, TX 75231
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated TX
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Fulcap Opportunity Fund, Lp was founded in 2010, and is located at 8750 N Central Expy in Dallas. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $110,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














CIP OPPORTUNITY FUND I, LP $48,000,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











CIP OPPORTUNITY FUND I, LP $48,000,000 Financing
CIP OPPORTUNITY FUND I, LP just submitted form D announcing $48,000,000 equity financing.  This is a new filing. CIP OPPORTUNITY FUND I, LP was able to sell $27,067,357. That is 56% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $48,000,000. The financing was made by 18 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $25,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-11-16. CIP OPPORTUNITY FUND I, LP is based in  1065 N. 115TH STREET SUITE 200 OMAHA 68154. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form was signed by  Tom Schleich.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001689817




  
Corporation


X
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
CIP OPPORTUNITY FUND I, LP
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
CIP OPPORTUNITY FUND I, LP

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

8525 Executive Woods Dr.

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


Lincoln
NEBRASKA
68512
402-434-7368


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Schleich
Tom


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

8525 Executive Woods Dr.

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Lincoln
NEBRASKA
68512



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):



Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Schleich
John


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

8525 Executive Woods Dr.

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Lincoln
NEBRASKA
68512



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):



Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Jepson
Mark


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

8525 Executive Woods Dr.

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Lincoln
NEBRASKA
68512



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





  
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


X
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
X
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2016-11-01

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$25,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$48,000,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$27,067,357

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$20,932,643

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
18


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
THE GENERAL PARTNER IS ENTITLED TO A CARRIED INTEREST.  THE MANAGER IS ENTITLED TO A MANAGEMENT FEE.  EACH AS FULLY DESCRIBED IN THE ISSUER'S CONFIDENTIAL OFFERING MATERIALS.Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


CIP OPPORTUNITY FUND I, LP
MARK D. JEPSON
MARK D. JEPSON
GENERAL COUNSEL
2016-11-15


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




CIP OPPORTUNITY FUND I, LP Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-16New Form D$48,000,000$27,067,357$20,932,643$25,0001806b[view]
CIP OPPORTUNITY FUND I, LP List of ExecutivesJohn Schleich, Mark Jepson, Tom Schleich











Last visited: Witter Global Opportunities, LP, Wolf Creek Partners, L.P., Wolf Global Air, LLC, Wolf River Specialty Onshore II, L.P., Wolf River Specialty Offshore II, L.P.

								© 
							


















CIP OPPORTUNITY FUND I, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Jepson  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









CIP OPPORTUNITY FUND I, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    8525 Executive Woods Dr.  
    Lincoln, NE, 68512Phone: 402-434-7368 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-16


New


$27,067,357


$27,067,357


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Mark Jepson 
 Executive 


 Tom Schleich 
 Director, Executive 


 John Schleich 
 Director, Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



Home | Opportunity Fund


































BLOG

facebook
linked
twitter
instagram
youtube






Opportunity Fund working capital for working people


MediaBlog
Press
Press Releases
Publications

Contact
AboutBoards
Management Team
Institutional Donors
Investors
History
Careers
Awards + Honors
Annual Reports + Financials





Newsletter Sign-up









$61 Million Invested in 2016
2,211 loans and 6,485 jobs created and retained
Learn more >>







Closing the Opportunity Gap
4,812 families served in 2016
Learn more >>







Building Brighter Futures
341 savings accounts opened in 2016
Learn more >>







Driving Economic Mobility in California
$516 Million invested in microfinanceLearn more >>







Join Us for an Upcoming Event
Learn more >>







3 jobs
Created and retainedper loan
Learn more >







Microsavings
5,471 accounts opened to date
Learn more >







Microloans
Median loan: $18,000
Learn more > 







20,000
People helped through microlending and microsavings
Learn more >






prev
next




Join Us!
Be a part of California's microfinance movement. Expand opportunity. Change lives. For good.

Learn More



Opportunity in Action








Thank you for joining us at  Taste of Microfinance San Francisco 
You ate, drank, and GAVE to support the Bay Area's rising chef entrepreneurs! Click here for event recap and photos

			More
		










Thank you for joining us at  Taste of Microfinance Los Angeles 
Thanks to you, we can support LA's next 10 rising chef entrepreneurs! Click here for event recap and photos

			More
		










URGENT: Immigrants enrich us. #immigrantswelcome
We at Opportunity Fund proudly stand with the thousands of immigrants we call our clients, neighbors, and friends.

			More
		










New Strategic Plan and Plans for a New CEO of Opportunity Fund
CEO Eric Weaver and Interim & Incoming Board Chair Greg Avis have exciting news about Opportunity Fund's future.

			More
		










Visionary of the Year Nominee: Opportunity Fund CEO Eric Weaver
Congratulations to Opportunity Fund CEO Eric Weaver, nominee for the SF Chronicle's Visionary of the Year award!

			More
		










Thank you for joining us at An Evening with Michael Lewis
With your help we raised almost $300K! Click here for photos and recap of the event

			More
		








Visit Our Other Sites

Opportunity Fund
Business Loans
Savings
Real Estate


























































CitareTX







Home
About Us
Portfolio / News
Contact Us








About Us 
 
History
CitareTx Investment Partners was founded in August of 2008 by Jeffery Sheldon and E.J. “Jere” Pederson, both serving as General Partners and Managing Directors of the fund. The company is strategically located in Houston, Texas equidistant from downtown Houston and Galveston island and close in proximity to the Texas Medical Center, the world’s largest of its kind, and the NASA Johnson Space Center.
Focus
Our investment activities are primarily focused on Class II medical devices for which the United States Food and Drug Administration pre-market notification process (i.e. 510(k)) can be utilized as the means to obtain regulatory clearance and begin commercial sale of product. However, we remain opportunistic and consider other investments if certain criteria are present, such as the presence of a strategic partner with a defined exit milestones.
Although our team has extensive expertise in the cardiovascular, interventional cardiology, interventional radiology, cardiac surgery, vascular surgery, critical care, consumable product, patient care, and orthopedic markets, we are open to any and all target markets. In addition, we do consider investment opportunities with smaller than typically accepted venture capital market size thresholds.
Approach
We are driven by the opportunity to change clinical outcomes and improve patient lives.
Following identification and preliminary evaluation of opportunities we meet with select inventor(s), entrepreneur, and/or management teams, as the case may be, for a formal presentation. In the event that the partners elect to advance discussions further, a detailed due diligence process ensues. During the process, preliminary terms and conditions are discussed to avoid confusion and ascertain strategic fit. Following the due diligence process an investment thesis is prepared, the partnership considers its options, and a term sheet is provided or company is created/direct investment made.
Although we prefer to create a start-up company around a nascent technology, investment into an existing entity is often considered. In any event, we take an active role in the management of our portfolio companies following cash or equity for services investments, including Board representation and participation as Executive Management.



Generally, our companies are collocated with the fund so that shared incubation resources and team members from other portfolio companies can be efficiently and effectively leveraged during product design, development, testing, manufacture, and sale. We believe that the use of shared resources enhances the product development process and reduces time to market. 
Our investment and incubation services include: 


Forming/Incorporating New Entities 


Obtaining Intellectual Property Rights 


Investing Seed Capital ($0.5 million - $2.0 million, usually in tranches) 


Providing Strategic Management & Direction:
- Established Product Development Plans
            - Conduct Pre-Clinical Testing
            - Interact with Regulatory Agencies
            - Complete Verification & Validation Activities 


Creating & Managing Scientific and Business Advisory Boards 


Preparing Business, Financial & Investment Plans 


Building Management Teams 


Infusing Follow-On Capital (< $5.0 million) 


Securing Institutional Growth Capital or Exit
            Our team has strong operating backgrounds and understands the challenges that exists for any start-up company. Partnering is the key to success and we feel that we are a truly value added investment partner. 





 
General Partners/Managing Directors
Jeffery J. Sheldon
General Partner - CitareTx Investment Partners I, LP 
  Managing Director - CitareTx Management, LLC 
  Managing Director - CIP I-GP, LP
  Chairman & CEO - Houston Medical Robotics, Inc. 
  Chairman & CEO - EMIT Corporation
  Chairman & CEO - Coagulex, Inc.
  President & CEO - Yguana Entertainment, Inc.
  Board Member - Houston Technology Center
  Member, Advisory Committee - UT Health Galveston Health Technology Seed Fund 
  Member, Strategic Advisory Board - University of Minnesota Discovery Capital Fund 
  Member, Board of Advisors - University of Houston Cougar Venture Fund


Mr. Sheldon has over 28 years of leadership/management experience in business & product development, strategic planning, technology transfer, domestic & international negotiations, marketing, finance, engineering, operations, and start-up company formation & funding. Throughout his career, Mr. Sheldon has been involved in the creation, evaluation, implementation or commercialization of high & biomedical technology. Mr. Sheldon currently serves as the General Partner of CitareTx Investment Partners I, LP, a medical device venture development, investment, and management company; Managing Director of CitareTx Management LLC, the venture fund management and operating/incubator company; Chairman & CEO/Founder of three CitareTx portfolio companies: Houston Medical Robotics, Inc., EMIT Corporation, and Coagulex, Inc.; and President & CEO of Yguana Entertainment, Inc. 
Prior to founding CitareTx, Mr. Sheldon founded IDev Technologies, Inc., a fully integrated medical device company focused on commercializing interventional cardiology/radiology and vascular surgery products, including but not limited to: peripheral vascular stents, thrombectomy systems, and foreign body retrieval devices. Mr. Sheldon served as the Chairman, President, & CEO for the first six years of operation and President and COO for two years thereafter. IDev secured over $110 million of private equity/venture capital, established a fully integrated operating infrastructure, obtained ISO13485:2003 certification, received FDA 501(k) clearance & CE-mark for eight products, and launched eight products into the world-wide market and was sold to Aboott Laboratories in August 2013 for $310 million. 
Prior to IDev Mr. Sheldon also founded and served as the Chairman & CEO of Nittany Polymedics, Inc., a high performance manufacturer for biomedical and dental applications; served as Director of Technology Development at MDACC were he was responsible for commercializing technology emanating from the research and development efforts, construct of the institution’s venture investment program, strategic planning for the development of a biomedical research/business park, and launch of several new ventures; launched the Technology Management & Commercialization office at The University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston; and held numerous leadership positions at Rockwell International/Rockwell Space Operations Company, the prime NASA Space Shuttle contractor. Mr. Sheldon holds a B.S. Aerospace Engineering & Mechanics, with distinction, from the University of Minnesota and a M.B.A. from the University of Houston Clear Lake. 



 



E. J. (“Jere”) Pederson



General Partner - CitareTx Investment Partners I, LP
Managing Director - CitareTx Management, LLC Managing Director - CIP I-G, LP
              Board Member - Houston Medical Robotics, Inc. 
              Board Member - EMIT Corporation 
              Board Member - Coagulex, Inc.
                Board Member - National Western Life Insurance Company 
                Chairman - Yguana Entertainment, Inc.
                Board Member- The Sealy & Smith Foundation
              Board Member - American National Insurance Company 



 



Mr. Pederson served as Executive Vice President/COO of The University of Texas Medical Branch for 19 years, retiring in 2006. Mr. Pederson currently serves as the General Partner of CitareTx Investment Partners I, LP, a medical device venture development, investment, and management company; Managing Director of CitareTx Management LLC, the venture fund management and operating/incubator company; Board Member of three CitareTx portfolio companies: Houston Medical Robotics, Inc., EMIT Corporation, and Coagulex, Inc.; and Chairman of Yguana Entertainment, Inc. 
Mr. Pederson also is active member of the Board of Directors of The Sealy & Smith Foundation National Western Life Insurance Company, headquartered in Austin and publicly traded on NASDAQ. Mr. Pederson serves on National Western Life Insurance Company Audit and Compensation Committees and serves as Chairman of the Compensation Committee. 
While Executive Vice President/COO at UTMB, Mr. Pederson also served for 10 years as a member of the board of the Texas Tomorrow Fund and chaired their Investment Committee. Mr. Pederson has previously served on the boards of University National Bank of Galveston, United States National Bank of Galveston, and as a member of the Frost Bank Galveston Advisory Board. Prior to its acquisition, Mr. Pederson also served on the Board of Directors of publicly traded Lark Technologies, Inc. 
Mr. Pederson is a graduate of Trinity University of San Antonio, Texas and has served on the Trinity University National Alumni Board as well as the board of the Boys and Girls Club of Galveston. 



 
Investment Opportunities
We are not only looking for good investment opportunities, but always seek to expand our network of limited partners and would be delighted to discuss this further with any and all interested parties.



© Copyright 2011 -2016 CitareTx. All Rights Reserved. 



