




Citi | Responsible Finance - Financial Ingenuity - Global Bank















Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.











Citi Hosts Investor Day July 25

							                        The event will feature live audio of presentations by CEO Michael Corbat and members of Citi's senior leadership team.
						                        

Visit our Investor Day page >
















Progress Makers
Local Challenges. Global Results. 

					There is no one-size-fits-all solution to complex issues. Progress Makers empower local experts to tackle long-standing challenges in their community.
				
Read more







Citizenship
Pathways to Progress' $100 Million Commitment to Prepare 500,000 Young People for Job Market


							Pathways to Progress is Citi and the Citi Foundation's response to help relieve the issue of youth unemployment.
						

Read more





Press Release
Citi Reports 2Q Earnings per Share of $1.28
July 14, 2017
Read the release








Blog
Programming Our Future
July 7, 2017

Citi is educating, exciting and empowering young women to learn about careers in technology.

Learn more














PRESS RELEASE
More Than 100,000 Citi Volunteers Celebrate Global Community Day
June 10, 2017



Learn more







					Mobile isn't where the world is going, it's where it already is.#Citi's Stephen Bird.
					http://on.citi.us/2iRQtvN

@Citi








Citi for cities
Hong Kong: An international partnership spanning more than 100 years

We're committed to helping Hong Kong prosper as its success continues to play an essential part in our history.

Read the city profile

























Citi | Contact Us













Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.












								Contact Us
							














Have a question about your account? Looking for a specific product? Citi customer service representatives are available to answer your questions and help you find what you need.

Citibank
Citi Cards
Citi Private Bank
Banamex
CitiMortgage

Citi Products
Banking

Savings
Checking
Online Banking
IRAs
Private Banking

Credit Cards

Citi Cards

Loans and Mortgages

Personal Loans
Student Loans
Mortgages
Home Equity
Commercial Real Estate Loans

Bill Payment Services

Online Banking

Cash Management

CitiDirect BE 
Commercial Cards
WorldLink

Transaction Services
Trade Services and Finance
Securities and Fund Services


Have a question about how Citi is organized? Looking for shareholder information? Citi representatives are available to answer your questions and help you learn more about Citi.

About Our Company
Citi Careers
Citi Investor Relations
Media Inquiries



						  	Global Government Affairs
						  	


202-879-6800




Citi Community Development
Citi Foundation
Ethics Hotline
Citi Supplier Diversity

Do you have questions about receiving encrypted email from your Citi representative?

Receiving secure email from Citi
Quick reference guide for transitioning to Citi's new secure email system

Do you have questions about Citi businesses in specific countries or territories? Click on a geographic region below and select a market to learn more about Citi's presence.




Africa




Algeria
Cameroon
Congo, Democratic Republic of
Egypt
Gabon
Ghana
Ivory Coast
Kenya
Morocco
Nigeria
Senegal
South Africa
Tanzania
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia







Asia Pacific




Australia
Bangladesh
Brunei
China, People's Republic of
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
Kazakhstan
Korea
Macau
Malaysia
New Zealand
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore
Sri Lanka
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam







Central America & Caribbean




Bahamas
Barbados
Cayman Islands
Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Jamaica
Panama
Puerto Rico
Trinidad and Tobago







Europe




Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Jersey
Kazakhstan
Luxembourg
Monaco
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Serbia
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom







Middle East




Bahrain
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Qatar
United Arab Emirates







North America




Canada
Mexico
United States







South America




Argentina
Brazil
Colombia
Ecuador
Paraguay
Peru
Uruguay
Venezuela














Investor Documents

Find them >






Media Documents & Press Releases

Find them >






Annual Report

Find them >














Citi for Cities








Citizenship








Careers









﻿




Citi | Investor Relations | Citigroup Stock - Ticker Symbol C












Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.












Investor Relations

                                    Find our investor presentations, annual reports, financial information and news.
                                


















Sign Up for Citi News Alerts

Stockholder Services
Thank you for your interest in Citigroup. Here you will find information and resources for Citigroup common stockholders.




Our Stock



Citigroup common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYX) under the ticker symbol "C." Citigroup stock also has the distinction of being the first international company to be traded on the Mexican Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de Valores - BMV), and is listed under the ticker symbol "C*."  Citigroup preferred stocks Series AA, C, J, K and S are also listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYX).
View Citi's Stock Split History. For information regarding preferred stock and other capital securities, refer to the Fixed Income Investor Relations section of our site.






Stockholder Assistance



If you are a holder of Citigroup common stock and need assistance with:

Address changes
Dividend information
Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP)
Registration changes
Replacement of lost, stolen or destroyed certificates
Stock transfer

Please contact our Registrar and Transfer Agent: Computershare Trust Company, N.A. To assist you, representatives are available from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Eastern Time, Monday through Friday, and 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Eastern Time on Saturdays. You can contact them in the following ways:
By mail:
													Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
													P. O. Box 43078
													Providence, RI 02940-3078
By telephone:
													U.S. toll-free: (888) 250-3985
													Outside the U.S.: (781) 575-4555
													For hearing impaired: (888) 403-9700
													Hearing impaired, outside North America: (781) 575-4592
By email:
shareholder@computershare.com
On Computershare's website, stockholders of record may access their accounts to obtain their share balance, request printable forms and view the current market value of their investment as well as historical stock prices. Just go to www.computershare.com/investor.






Dividend Information



The declaration of dividends depends on many factors and is at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Click here to view our Dividend History.
Dividend Checks & Address Changes
Your dividend checks will be sent to your address of record unless you instruct us otherwise. If you would like to have your dividends electronically deposited to your bank or paid in a currency other than U.S. dollars, please contact Computershare for assistance.
If you are a stockholder of record and your address changes, please notify Computershare in writing, by telephone or online. This will ensure that you continue to receive your dividend checks, Annual Meeting and voting materials, as well as other stockholder information in a timely manner. Please give your name as it appears on your account(s), old and new addresses, stock certificate or account number(s). For security reasons, we cannot accept address changes by email.






Warrants Information



Series A Warrants
Series A prospectus
Series A warrant agreement
                        					The following table summarizes the adjustments to the exercise price and the warrant share number for the Series A warrants through the last date indicated in the table. For additional information regarding the adjustments to the Series A warrants, please refer to the above prospectus and warrant agreement.



CWSA (CUSIP: 172967226)
Exercise price
Warrant Shares


Initial Exercise Price
$10.610 
1


Adjustments

 


Reverse Stock Split (10 to 1), 5/6/11
$106.100 
0.10


Dividend - Record Date 8/1/16
$105.956 
0.10


Dividend - Record Date 11/7/16
$105.825 
0.10


Dividend - Record Date 2/6/17
$105.712
0.10


Dividend - Record Date 5/1/17
$105.606
0.10


Series B Warrants
Series B prospectus
Series B warrant agreement
                        					The following table summarizes the adjustments to the exercise price and the warrant share number for the Series B warrants through the last date indicated in the table. For additional information regarding the adjustments to the Series B warrants, please refer to the above prospectus and warrant agreement.



CGBBW (CUSIP: 172967234)
Exercise price
Warrant Shares


Initial Exercise Price
$17.850 
1


Adjustments

 


Reverse stock Split (10 to 1), 5/6/11
$178.500 
0.10









Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan (DRP)



Citigroup does not offer an initial direct stock purchase program. Once you are a stockholder of record, you can enroll in our Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan (DRP) through the Plan administrator, Computershare.

                        					The Citi Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan (DRP) allows current Citigroup stockholders to reinvest dividends or make optional cash payments in order to directly purchase additional Citigroup common stock. The optional cash payments must be at least $50 and can be up to an aggregate of $120,000 per calendar year.

                        					Registered stockholders and brokers on behalf of their clients are permitted to participate.

                        					The Plan Administrator is Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

                        					On their website, www.computershare.com/investor, you can find a summary of the Citigroup DRP, and download the plan prospectus. You can also download and submit an Enrollment Form, change your participation option or update your election online. You will need to register your account first if you have not previously. Once registered, select "Enroll in an Investment Plan."

                        					Or, to request a copy of the prospectus or the Enrollment Form be sent to you, you may contact Computershare by email at shareholder@computershare.com or call them at (888) 250-3985 or (781) 575-4555 (for outside of North America).

                        					If your shares of common stock are registered in a name other than your own (e.g., in the name of a broker or bank nominee) then you should: (1) make arrangements with your bank, broker or other nominee to participate on your behalf, or (2) have your shares re-registered in your own name(s) and then complete the Enrollment Form.

                        				





Annual Reports and Document Requests



The following documents can be downloaded from our website, including Annual Reports (including Form 10-K), Proxy Statements, quarterly reports (10-Q), financial data supplements, press releases, and investor presentations.

                        					If you would like to request an Annual Report (10-K), Proxy Statement or quarterly report (10-Q) in printed form, please email your request, along with your mailing address, to our Document Services department at docserve@citi.com. You can also call them at (716) 730 8055, or toll-free within the U.S. at (877) 936 2737.

                        					Please note that not all of our documents and disclosures are available in printed form from our Document Services department. Please allow 3-4 weeks for processing and delivery.

                        				





Annual Meeting of Stockholders



The Annual Meeting of Stockholders is held during the second quarter each year. A proxy statement and the annual report on Form 10-K will be mailed to you or made available to you electronically.

                        					Information and instructions on attending the meeting are also included in the proxy statement. Past proxy statements and annual reports can be downloaded from our website.

                        					Electronic Delivery of Shareholder Communications
											If you wish to receive proxy materials via email instead of postal mail, please go to www.investordelivery.com and follow the instructions.

                        				





Travelers Information



Citicorp and Travelers Group Merger

                        					On October 8, 1998, Citicorp and Travelers Group merged to become Citigroup Inc. At the time of the merger, Citicorp stockholders received 2.5 Citigroup shares for every 1 share of Citicorp stock they previously owned. Travelers Group stockholders maintained their shares of Travelers Group stock under the Citigroup name.
Spin-off of Travelers Property Casualty Corp.
On August 20, 2002, a total of 219,050,000 shares of class A common stock and 450,050,000 shares of class B common stock of Travelers Property Casualty Corp. (Travelers) were distributed to Citigroup stockholders of record as of the record date:  August 9, 2002.
Citigroup distributed a combination of 0.0432043 of a share of Travelers class A common stock and 0.0887656 of a share of Travelers class B common stock for each outstanding share of Citigroup common stock.
Only whole shares of Travelers class A common stock and Travelers class B common stock were issued. Any Citigroup stockholder entitled to receive a fractional share received a cash payment in lieu of fractional shares.
Figuring the Cost Basis in Citigroup Shares From the Travelers Spin-Off
Generally, for U.S. taxpayers, the cost basis represents the purchase price of your stock. The cost basis in your Citigroup shares just prior to the distribution must be allocated to the Citigroup shares and the Travelers shares so that the total cost basis of your holdings (Citigroup and Travelers, including any fractional shares sold for cash) after the distribution is the same as your cost basis in the Citigroup shares just prior to the distribution.
Click here for Information Regarding Allocation of Tax Basis regarding the distribution of shares of Travelers Property Casualty Corp. to Citigroup stockholders.






Questions?



Please refer to our Frequently Asked Questions.



























About | Citi















Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.











About Citi
While we're a global bank, our mission is simple: We responsibly provide financial services that enable growth and economic progress

















						Financial Ingenuity & Responsible Finance
					

						Citi works tirelessly to provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial services and products. We strive to create the best outcomes for our clients and customers with financial ingenuity that leads to solutions that are simple, creative and responsible.
					








Citi at a Glance




Consumer Businesses




Institutional Businesses


























Citi | Progress




























Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.



Progress informed by the past, and inspired by the future





















New YorkDiversity


Creating a new home for African American history






Florida, U.S. Ecosystems


Working to help save Florida's Everglades.






Ulan Bator, MongoliaClean Air


Improving air quality through fuel-efficient cookstoves.






L'Aquila, ItalyEducation


Teaming to rebuild following natural disaster.






Mumbai, IndiaCity Services


Providing technology for governments to manage complex systems.






United StatesDiversity


Supporting jobs and affordable vehicles through diversity and inclusion.






United StatesAffordable Housing


Helping rejuvenate urban communities.






Panama City, PanamaTransit


Managing growth by building transportation infrastructure.






Kenya Scaling Agroinnovation


Scaling Agroinnovation: Helping Transform Farming in Africa






South AfricaAffordable Housing


Funding a path to wealth through property ownership.






Lima, PeruWater


Channeling water from the mountains to the city






Mexico City, MexicoHealth Care


Streamlining patients' access to healthcare.






























Citi | Europe, Middle East & Africa | Germany












Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.










Country Presence










Germany



Region Info







About Us
Regions
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Germany




About Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland
Citi Markets Deutschland AG is Citi's German corporate and investment bank. Employees in Frankfurt serve companies, institutional investors and government agencies. Citi is an established advisor in M&A transactions, book runner for debt and equity issuances, arranger for syndicated loans and lender. As one of the leading securities firms, Citi serves all major institutional investment companies in Germany. Further, Citi is one of the most successful issuers of warrants, certificates and derivative products globally. The Citi Transaction Services business offers innovative solutions for local and global payment transactions, liquidity and treasury management, trade financing, securities settlement and custody.


History
Citi has had a presence in Germany since 1926 when the City Bank of New York opened its first office in Berlin. This office was a precursor to today's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) business, located in Frankfurt.


Further Information
www.citigroup.dewww.citifirst.com





For More Information:

Citi ICG
Frankfurter Welle
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt
Phone: +49-69-1366-0
                            Corporate Communications


ICG Germany
Christoph Schlueter
Director, Head of Corporate Communications
Phone: +49 69 1366 5105
                        














Citi | Europe, Middle East & Africa | Germany












Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.










Country Presence










Germany



Region Info







About Us
Regions
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Germany




About Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland
Citi Markets Deutschland AG is Citi's German corporate and investment bank. Employees in Frankfurt serve companies, institutional investors and government agencies. Citi is an established advisor in M&A transactions, book runner for debt and equity issuances, arranger for syndicated loans and lender. As one of the leading securities firms, Citi serves all major institutional investment companies in Germany. Further, Citi is one of the most successful issuers of warrants, certificates and derivative products globally. The Citi Transaction Services business offers innovative solutions for local and global payment transactions, liquidity and treasury management, trade financing, securities settlement and custody.


History
Citi has had a presence in Germany since 1926 when the City Bank of New York opened its first office in Berlin. This office was a precursor to today's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) business, located in Frankfurt.


Further Information
www.citigroup.dewww.citifirst.com





For More Information:

Citi ICG
Frankfurter Welle
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt
Phone: +49-69-1366-0
                            Corporate Communications


ICG Germany
Christoph Schlueter
Director, Head of Corporate Communications
Phone: +49 69 1366 5105
                        

















Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG (Germany)



























 

















Home



Bank Directory



Banks by Country



Germany













Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG
 


overview

Deposit Guarantee
Bank Identifiers
Locations



  


















Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland is
corporate and investment bank of Citigroup (United States) in Germany.
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland provides its products and services to
companies, institutional investors and government agencies.  Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG participates in deposit guarantee scheme of Germany. 
This scheme covers accounts up to 100 000 EUR per bank per depositor.  Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG is headquartered in Frankfurt Am Main.




AddressReuterweg 16 / Frankfurter Welle, 60323, Frankfurt am Main, GermanyP.O. Box11 03 33 

  
 


 

Deposit Guarantee100 000 EUR  
 


BIC (SWIFT)CITIDEFFSEC 

MFI IDDE03987 
 
 
 


Compare Banking Products in GermanyCurrent Accountsfrom 0.00 EUR p.a.Savings Accountsup to 0.80 %Time Deposit Accountsup to 1.60 %Credit Cardsfrom 0.00 EUR p.a.Consumer Loansfrom 1.90 %Mortgage Loansfrom 0.73 %Car Loansfrom 1.99 %Trading Accountsfrom 0.00 EUR p.a.




 
 


Country Information
 
Economy and Banking Sector of Germany
 
	List of Banks in Germany
 

Related Articles
FATCA and European countries 




Deposit Guarantee



Deposit Guarantee




Yes (up to 100 000 EUR per depositor)


Deposit Guarantee Schemes compensate certain deposits 
held by depositors of a bank that becomes unable to meet its obligations.All credit institutions operating in Germany are obliged to participate 
in German deposit guarantee scheme.In the case of Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG failure, eligible depositors having covered accounts 
		in this bank will be paid out the following compensation:

Covered Accounts 
all deposit accounts (deposits on current accounts and savings accounts, overnight money or time deposits, registered savings bonds, and similar)


Covered Currencies 
EU currencies


Maximum Protected Amount 
100 000 EUR


Paid In Currency 
EUR

Further Information
Deposit Guarantee Scheme in Germany



Bank Identifiers
Any bank can be identified for different purposes and hence can have several different identifiers.
BIC
BIC (Business Identifier Code, also known as SWIFT code or SWIFT BIC) 
		is a the mostly used international identifier of financial institutions. 
		SWIFT is the registration authority for BICs.  BICs are used in financial transactions, 
		client and counterparty data bases, compliance documents and many others.
A BIC consists of eight or eleven characters, comprising a financial institution code 
		(four characters), a country code (two characters), a location code (two characters) 
		and, optionally, a branch code (three characters).
BIC of Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG and its components are shown in the table below.

BIC 
CITIDEFFSEC


Bank BIC Code 
CITI


Country Code 
DE (Germany)


Location Code 
FF


Branch Code 
SEC

MFI ID
MFI ID (Monetary Financial Institution Identifier) is a code, 
		unique to each institution in the MFI list provided by ECB (European Central Bank). 
	MFI ID is hence applicable to MFIs resident in the European Union.
The code is alphanumerical, with the first two digits representing the two-digit ISO code 
		for the country of residence of the MFI and the remaining number of digits 
		(no limit has been specified) is any combination of alphanumerical characters.
MFI ID of Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG is shown in the table below.

MFI ID 
DE03987





European Presence: 2 banks in 2 countries
This bank operates in the following European countries 
		and selected dependent territories of the European countries:
Germany (this bank) Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG (Frankfurt am Main)
United Kingdom Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG (London)




 
 













Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 1:55 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG provides corporate and investment banking services for institutional investment companies in Germany. The company operates as an advisor in M&A transactions, book runner for debt and equity issuances, arranger for syndicated loans and lender, as well as issues warrants, certificates, and derivative products. It also offers solutions for local and global payment transactions, liquidity and treasury management, trade financing, securities settlement, and custody. The company was founded in 1926 and is based in Frankfurt, Germany. Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG a subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets Finance Corporation & Co. beschrankt haftende...
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG provides corporate and investment banking services for institutional investment companies in Germany. The company operates as an advisor in M&A transactions, book runner for debt and equity issuances, arranger for syndicated loans and lender, as well as issues warrants, certificates, and derivative products. It also offers solutions for local and global payment transactions, liquidity and treasury management, trade financing, securities settlement, and custody. The company was founded in 1926 and is based in Frankfurt, Germany. Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG a subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets Finance Corporation & Co. beschrankt haftende KG.
Detailed Description


Frankfurter WelleReuterweg 16Frankfurt,  60323GermanyFounded in 1926266 Employees



Phone: 49 69 13 66 0

Fax: 49 69 13 66 1113

www.citigroup.com/citi/about/countrypresence/germany.html







Key Executives for Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG




Mr. Stefan Wintels


      	Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Management Board
      








Dr. Silvia Carpitella


      	Head of the Departments Finances, Treasury, Tax and Member of the Management Board
      








Mr. Thomas Falk


      	Head of the Department Risk Controlling and Member of the Management Board
      








Mr. Andreas Hamm


      	Head of the Department Support & Business Services and Member of the Management Board 
      








Dr. Sonnfried Weber Ph.D.


      	Transactions Officer
      


Age: 66
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG Key Developments

Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG to Report Fiscal Year 2016 Results on Apr 28, 2017
Apr 27 17
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG announced that they will report fiscal year 2016 results on Apr 28, 2017


Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG to Report Q2, 2016 Results on Jul 29, 2016
Jul 27 16
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG announced that they will report Q2, 2016 results on Jul 29, 2016


Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG to Report Fiscal Year 2015 Results on Mar 30, 2016
Mar 29 16
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG announced that they will report fiscal year 2015 results on Mar 30, 2016


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 “Air Fuhlsbüttel“ Flugzeugfonds GmbH & Co. KG Europe 2962 Enterprises GmbH Europe 2iQ Research GmbH Europe 3e AG Europe 886 AG Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG, please visit www.citigroup.com/citi/about/countrypresence/germany.html.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Hans Reich, Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Hans Reich

Chairman-Supervisory Bd,
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG






Career History




Chairman-Supervisory Bd
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG, 9/2008-PRESENT


Chairman-Supervisory Board
Aareal Bank AG, 6/2004-5/2013


Chairman:Public Sector Grp
Citigroup Inc, 7/2007-8/2008


Head:EMEA Public Sector Group
Citigroup Inc, 12/2006-7/2007


Chairman-Board of Mng Dir
Kreditanstalt fuer Wiederaufbau, 10/1999-9/2006


Vice Chairman:Investmt Banking
Citigroup Inc, 8/2008-UNKNOWN


Deputy Chairman-Supervisory Bd
IKB Deutsche Industriebank AG, FORMER


Vice Chairman
Depfa Bank PLC, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.citibank.de






Corporate Information
Address:

Frankfurter Welle
Reuterweg 16
Frankfurt, 60323
Germany


Phone:
49-69-1366-0


Fax:
49-69-1366-1113


Web url:
www.citibank.de











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Huk Coburg


Board Member, PRESENT




Rag AG


Board Member, PRESENT




Thyssenkrupp Steel AG


Board Member, PRESENT




Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG


Chairman, 9/2008-PRESENT




Aareal Bank AG


Chairman, 6/2004-5/2013




Kraftfahrender Beamter


Board Member, UNKNOWN-7/2011




Huk-Coburg-Holding AG


Board Member, UNKNOWN-7/2011




Thyssen Krupp Stahl AG


Board Member, 6/1999-9/2009




Depfa Bank PLC


Board Member, UNKNOWN-10/2007




Deutsche Telekom AG


Board Member, 5/1999-9/2006




Deutsche Post AG


Board Member, 9/2004-9/2006




Ikb Deutsche Industriebank AG


Board Member, UNKNOWN-8/2006




Depfa Deutsche Pfandbriefbank


Board Member, 6/2001-6/2002




Ikb Deutsche Industriebank AG


Chairman, FORMER




Depfa Bank PLC


Vice Chairman, FORMER



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG (United Kingdom)



























 

















Home



Bank Directory



Banks by Country



United Kingdom













Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG
 


overview

Deposit Guarantee
Bank Identifiers
Locations



  


















Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland is
corporate and investment bank of Citigroup (United States) in Germany.
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland provides its products and services to
companies, institutional investors and government agencies. Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG operates as a branch of Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG (Germany).  Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG participates in deposit guarantee scheme of the United Kingdom. 
This scheme covers accounts up to 85 000 GBP per bank per depositor.  Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG is located in London.




AddressCitigroup Centre, 33 Canada Square, E14 5LB, London, United KingdomPhone+44 02079866000 

HeadquartersCitigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG (Germany)Bank CategoryBranches of foreign banksStart DateApril 2017  
 


 

Deposit Guarantee85 000 GBP  
 


MFI IDGB0ECBM12167 
 
 
 


Compare Banking Products in the United KingdomTime Deposit Accountsup to 1.28 %Similar Banks
 Chang Hwa Commercial Bank Ltd Citibank N.A. Clearstream Banking S.A. Commerzbank AG Commonwealth Bank of Australia




 
 


Country Information
 
Economy and Banking Sector of the United Kingdom
 
	List of Banks in the United Kingdom
 

Related Articles
Stress Test of British BanksFATCA and European countries 




Deposit Guarantee



Deposit Guarantee




Yes (up to 85 000 GBP per depositor)


Deposit Guarantee Schemes compensate certain deposits 
held by depositors of a bank that becomes unable to meet its obligations.All credit institutions operating in the United Kingdom are obliged to participate 
in the United Kingdom's deposit guarantee scheme.In the case of Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG failure, eligible depositors having covered accounts 
		in this bank will be paid out the following compensation:

Eligible Depositors 
private individuals, small companies


Covered Currencies 
all


Maximum Protected Amount 
85 000 GBP


Paid In Currency 
GBP

Further Information
Deposit Guarantee Scheme in the United Kingdom



Bank Identifiers
Any bank can be identified for different purposes and hence can have several different identifiers.
MFI ID
MFI ID (Monetary Financial Institution Identifier) is a code, 
		unique to each institution in the MFI list provided by ECB (European Central Bank). 
	MFI ID is hence applicable to MFIs resident in the European Union.
The code is alphanumerical, with the first two digits representing the two-digit ISO code 
		for the country of residence of the MFI and the remaining number of digits 
		(no limit has been specified) is any combination of alphanumerical characters.
MFI ID of Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG is shown in the table below.

MFI ID 
GB0ECBM12167





European Presence: 2 banks in 2 countries
This bank operates in the following European countries 
		and selected dependent territories of the European countries:
Germany Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG (Frankfurt am Main)
United Kingdom (this bank) Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG (London)




 
 











Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG


Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG

Reuterweg 16 
Frankfurt  60323 Germany
Phone: +49 __ _____
Fax: +49 __ ________
http://www.citigroup.de





4
Managers




27
IT employees




$6.5MEST.
IT Budget




Citi Markets Deutschland AG is Citi's corporate and investment bank in Germany, offering debt and equity issuances and other issuers of warrants, certificates and derivative products to companies and governmental institutions.






Sector (Industry)
Financial (Banking)


Employees
701


Revenue
$304.5M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2016-10-05
Technology Updates
Topic: Web Server.
Company: Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG, Frankfurt , Germany
Opportunity: Deployed Microsoft-IIS in the last 60 days.







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Data Tools

Relational Databases
Oracle Database
Data Infrastructure

Hosting

Infrastructure Management
IBM Tivoli

Mainframes/Server Hardware
Data Storage

Disaster Recovery

Enterprise Storage
EMC Data Domain

Storage Management
EMC Centera
Enterprise/ ERP

Vendor Management
Information Security

Application Security

Endpoint Protection

Governance, Risk and Compliance
Tenable Nessus
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Creative/ Content

Website Design
Google Maps
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Marco Diehl
Director, IT
___@citi.com
+49 69 13660






Thomas Hans
Manager, IT
___@citi.com
+49 69 13660







Karl Pelz
Regional Manager, Database
___@citi.com
+49 69 13660









Stefan Nowotka
Senior Vice President, Global Infrastructure
___@citi.com
+49 69 13660



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing



