


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Jonathan Product  Products | Dermstore




 
































 


























 
 














Dermstore








brands


skin care

Cleansers & Exfoliators
Moisturizers
Serums
Sun Care
Value Sets
Tools & Devices
All Skin Care



makeup

Foundation
Concealer
Eye Makeup
Lip Makeup
Face Makeup
Mascara
Palettes & Sets
All Makeup



hair care

Shampoo
Conditioner
Styling Tools
Styling Products
Hair Treatments
All Hair Care



bath & body

Lotions & Oils
Bath & Shower
Body Treatments
Hair Removal
Baby & Mom
Fragrance
Oral Care
Value Sets
All Bath & Body



natural

Skin Care
Makeup
Hair Care
Bath & Body
All Natural




          Rewards


Sign up to earn points towards discounts on your favorite brands and products!

Learn More
Join Now




Sale


Skin Health Center


Blog


Ask a Dermatologist


Reviews


Press


customer service

Customer Service
Order Status
Shipping Policies
Returns
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Discount Exclusions
Website Terms of Use

Call Us
1800-213-DERM(3376)






Log In











FREE Shipping & Returns - details



Save 32% on Harry Josh Pro Tools 2000 Pro Dryer + free gifts for a limited time. SHOP NOW   



 Let wanderlust lead the way with  travel-ready beauty. 
 SHOP TRAVEL 







Earn Rewards



Log In / Sign Up 

Log In / Sign Up
Track Order
Easy Returns
Order History
My Favorites
Dermstore Subscriptions






















0 Items 0 
















0 Items 0 

































Jonathan ProductAll Products 












Jonathan Product offers professional-quality hair care products that allow you to achieve gorgeous hair with ease. Using only the finest vegan ingredients, Jonathan Product nourishes, protects, moisturizes and revives the hair for enhanced beauty and health.
Jonathan Product provides products that are sulfate-free, 100% vegan and formulated with purified Essential Water. In addition, Jonathan Product's formulations are void of DEA and MEA, mineral oil, alcohol and colorants whenever feasible, ensuring the most natural products Jonathan Product is able to offer. Plus, Jonathan Product takes hair care to the next level by providing a water purification system for your shower. By removing the heavy metals and harsh chemicals normally found in shower water, the hair and skin are able to achieve an amazingly healthy, soft and radiant status. With Jonathan Product, the hair you've dreamed of can finally be yours. 









Refine by






 
Application Area Hair
 Scalp
 
 
Hair Type Coarse Hair
 Colored Hair
 Curly Hair
 Dry Hair
 Fine Hair
 Normal Hair
 Oily Hair
 
 
Ingredient Aloe Vera
 Antioxidants
 Beeswax
 Dimethicone
 Green Tea
 Keratin
 Mica
 Panthenol
 Shea Butter
 Titanium Dioxide
 

Price range: 






Featured ShopsLimited-Time Offers
Sale
Sunscreen for Hair
Travel Essentials 
Travel Size Hair Care
 
 
Preferences Paraben-Free
 Vegan
 
 
Ratings 
 
 
 
 
 











                                    Filters:
                                

                                    None
                                

CLEAR FILTERS








Sort By


Best Sellers
Price - Low to High
Price - High to Low
New
Top Rated
Free Gift





















































JOIN NOW


20% off your next order + free shipping 
Expires 30 days from signup. For new subscribers only. Brand exclusions apply.



JOIN NOW






WELCOME AND THANK YOU!
          You are now subscribed.


WELCOME AND THANK YOU!
          Our Records indicate that you've already subscribed once.




JOIN NOW


Oops, an error occurred.
          Please try adding your email address again.



JOIN NOW



 






















Jonathan M. Clarkson - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Jonathan M. Clarkson
Chairman of the Board at Memorial Production Partners LP


View Full Profile
Are you Jonathan M. Clarkson? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jonathan M. Clarkson's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jonathan M. Clarkson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jonathan M. Clarkson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jonathan M. Clarkson through your network of contacts.
												








Jonathan M. Clarkson's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, 
Memorial Production Partners LP


Board Member, 
Parker Drilling Company


Board Member, 
Wildhorse Resource Development Corp


Past
To view Jonathan M. Clarkson's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Southern Methodist University


														 M.B.A., 
															Northwestern University - Kellog Graduate School of Management


Age
67

 
 


Jonathan M. Clarkson's Biography



Jonathan M. Clarkson has served as a member of our board of directors since December 2016. Since 2011, Mr. Clarkson has served on the board of directors and as a member of the audit committee of Memorial Production Partners GP LLC ("MEMP GP"). Mr. Clarkson is also serving in the capacity of non-executive Chairman of MEMP GP, which was effective September 2016. Mr. Clarkson recently retired as Chief Financial Officer for Matrix Oil Corporation effective January 1, 2016. He had served in that capacity since May 2012. Mr. Clarkson served as Chairman of the Houston Region of Texas Capital Bank from May 2009 until his retirement in December 2011.  ...
(Read More)

			Jonathan M. Clarkson has served as a member of our board of directors since December 2016. Since 2011, Mr. Clarkson has served on the board of directors and as a member of the audit committee of Memorial Production Partners GP LLC ("MEMP GP"). Mr. Clarkson is also serving in the capacity of non-executive Chairman of MEMP GP, which was effective September 2016. Mr. Clarkson recently retired as Chief Financial Officer for Matrix Oil Corporation effective January 1, 2016. He had served in that capacity since May 2012. Mr. Clarkson served as Chairman of the Houston Region of Texas Capital Bank from May 2009 until his retirement in December 2011. From 2003 to May 2009, he served as President and CEO of the Houston Region of Texas Capital Bank. From May 2001 to October 2002, Mr. Clarkson served as President, Chief Financial Officer and a director of Mission Resources Corp., an independent oil and gas exploration and production company. From 1999 through 2001, Mr. Clarkson served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Bargo Energy Company, a private company engaged in the acquisition and exploitation of onshore oil and natural gas properties, which merged with Mission Resources in May 2001. From 1987 to 1999, Mr. Clarkson served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Ocean Energy Corp. and its predecessor company United Meridian Corporation. From October 2006 until December 2009, Mr. Clarkson served on the board of directors, was chairman of the audit committee, and was a member of the compensation committee of Edge Petroleum Corp., an oil and gas exploration and production company. Mr. Clarkson currently serves on the board of directors, is chairman of the audit committee, and is a member of the corporate governance committee, of Parker Drilling Company. This service began in January 2012. Since September 2010, Mr. Clarkson has served on the advisory board of Rivington Capital Advisors, LLC, an investment banking firm focused on upstream energy sector investments. 

The board of directors believes that Mr. Clarkson's over 40 years of experience in the oil and gas industry, his service in multiple Chief Financial Officer positions with both private and public companies and his experience as Audit Chair for three public companies bring extensive financial expertise and proven leadership to the board of directors and us.
		
Source: Wildhorse Resource Development Corp on 02/24/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jonathan M. Clarkson's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Jonathan M. Clarkson. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jonathan M. Clarkson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jonathan M. Clarkson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jonathan M. Clarkson through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Jonathan M. Clarkson


















Jonathan M. Clarkson's Connections (65)





Sign up now to view Jonathan M. Clarkson's 65 connections »









Roger B. Plank
Former President and Chief Corporate Officer, Apache









R. Rudolph Reinfrank
Board Member, Parker Drilling Company









Robert L. Parker
Former Board Member, Parker Drilling Company









Robert W. Goldman
Lead Independent Director, BWX Technologies, Inc.









Jon-Al Duplantier
Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel, Secretary and Interim Chief Financial Officer, Parker Drilling Company









Peter C. Wallace
Chairman, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.









Gary G. Rich
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Parker Drilling Company









Gary R. King
Former Board Member, Parker Drilling Company









Michael A. Creel
Board Member, The Williams Companies, Inc.









Robert E. McKee
Former Executive Vice President, Exploration Production, ConocoPhillips








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



















Insider Trading - Clarkson Jonathan M - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Clarkson Jonathan M





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-19Option Award
2016-12-197:39 pm
N/AN/A
Wildhorse Resource Development Corp
WRD
Clarkson Jonathan MDirector
10,000
$0
10,000(Direct)
View


2016-05-07Exercise
2016-05-101:14 pm
N/AN/A
Parker Drilling Co
PKD
Clarkson Jonathan MDirector
26,525
$2.63
111,355(Direct)
View


2016-05-07Exercise
2016-05-101:14 pm
2016-05-072016-05-07
Parker Drilling Co
PKD
Clarkson Jonathan MDirector
26,525
$0
111,355(Direct)
View


2016-05-07Option Award
2016-05-101:14 pm
2017-05-102017-05-10
Parker Drilling Co
PKD
Clarkson Jonathan MDirector
39,370
$0
111,355(Direct)
View


2016-01-08Option Award
2016-01-125:01 pm
2017-01-082017-01-08
Memorial Production Partners Lp
MEMP
Clarkson Jonathan MDirector
51,867
$0
51,867(Direct)
View


2015-05-07Option Award
2015-05-075:35 pm
2016-05-072016-05-07
Parker Drilling Co
PKD
Clarkson Jonathan MDirector
26,525
$0
84,830(Direct)
View


2015-05-01Exercise
2015-05-043:49 pm
N/AN/A
Parker Drilling Co
PKD
Clarkson Jonathan MDirector
15,083
$3.75
84,830(Direct)
View


2015-05-01Disposition
2015-05-043:49 pm
2015-05-012015-05-01
Parker Drilling Co
PKD
Clarkson Jonathan MDirector
15,083
$0
84,830(Direct)
View


2015-03-12Option Award
2015-03-135:14 pm
N/AN/A
Parker Drilling Co
PKD
Clarkson Jonathan MDirector
10,000
$2.98
69,747(Direct)
View


2015-03-12Option Award
2015-03-135:14 pm
N/AN/A
Parker Drilling Co
PKD
Clarkson Jonathan MDirector
5,000
$2.95
69,747(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 03:22:14 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Jonathan Marsh Clarkson - Houston, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jonathan Marsh Clarkson in Houston, TX


Jonathan Marsh Clarkson

                                                                           Intelius found that Jonathan Marsh Clarkson  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Houston, TX.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Jon Marsh Clarkson
J M Clarkson


Get Report Now

Age

Jonathan Marsh Clarkson is in his 60s

Jonathan Has Lived In

Houston, TX
Santa Barbara, CA
Dallas, TX

Jonathan's Relatives

Andrew Clarkson
Tanya Clarkson
Haley Clarkson







Jonathan Marsh Clarkson



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chairman at Texas Capital Bank



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jonathan? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jonathan, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jonathan Marsh Clarkson
Get a Criminal Check on Jonathan Marsh Clarkson
Get a Public Record Report on Jonathan Marsh Clarkson
Get a People Search Report on Jonathan Marsh Clarkson


Jonathan Marsh Clarkson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jonathan Marsh Clarkson has lived as well as Jonathan Marsh Clarkson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jonathan Marsh Clarkson Has Lived in 2 States
Texas Address for Jonathan Marsh Clarkson


13411 A**** T*** R* 

Houston, TX


Has Lived In

Houston, TX
Santa Barbara, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jonathan Marsh Clarkson

(713) ***-**** - Houston, TX 
(713) ***-**** - Houston, TX 
(713) ***-**** - Houston, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jonathan Marsh Clarkson

m**********8@***.com
j******f@***.com
j***************n@***.com


Get Email Report




Jonathan Marsh Clarkson's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Jonathan Marsh Clarkson's academic history.  Find out which schools Jonathan Marsh Clarkson attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Jonathan Marsh Clarkson received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jonathan Marsh Clarkson Has Attended 2 Schools
Southern Methodist University Jonathan Marsh Clarkson has a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics               
Kellogg Graduate School of Management                              Jonathan Marsh Clarkson has a Master of Management degree ( MBA ) in Finance and Accounting               


Jonathan Marsh Clarkson's Professional Information
Information regarding Jonathan Marsh Clarkson's professional history.  Find out previous places Jonathan Marsh Clarkson has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jonathan Marsh Clarkson Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: Texas Capital Bank
               Title: Chairman
Company: Memorial Resource Development Corp.
               Title: Board Member
Jonathan Marsh Clarkson's Experience
Title: Chairman
               Company: Texas Capital Bank
Job Details
               Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ: TCBI), a member of the Russell 2000 Index and the S&P SmallCap 600, is the parent company of Texas Capital Bank, a commercial bank that delivers highly personalized financial services to businesses and entrepreneurs. Headquartered in Dallas, the bank has full-service locations in Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth, Houston, and San Antonio.
Title: Board Member
               Company: Memorial Resource Development Corp.
Job Details
               Memorial Resource Development Corp. is an independent natural gas and oil company focused on the exploitation, development, and acquisition of natural gas, NGL and oil properties in North Louisiana. Our properties consist of thick, multi-zone natural gas and oil reservoirs with well-known geologic characteristics and long-lived, predictable production profiles. Our primary business objective is to create shareholder value through growth in reserves, production and cash flows. Memorial Resource Development Corp. is headquartered in Houston, Texas.
Additional Professional Information on Jonathan Marsh Clarkson

 See Jonathan Marsh Clarkson's LinkedIn Profile



Jonathan Marsh Clarkson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jonathan Marsh Clarkson


Jonathan Marsh Clarkson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jonathan Marsh Clarkson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jonathan Clarkson
Username Matches

                  JonathanClarkson
                  ClarksonJonathan
                  Jonathan.Clarkson
                  Clarkson.Jonathan
                  Jonathan_Clarkson
                  Clarkson_Jonathan
                  Jonathan-Clarkson
                  Clarkson-Jonathan
                  JClarkson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Clarkson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Clarkson University: News & Announcements
























Quick LinksMenuSearchinformation forClarkson StudentsFaculty & StaffAlumni & FriendsSupport CUParents & FamilyK-12 ProgramsPeople SoftMoodleEmailMyFilesLibrariesSASSustainabilitySocial MediaGiving

Quick Links

Deposit NowApply NowRequest InfoDirectoryContact Us









About ClarksonAcademicsAdmissionLife at ClarksonAthletics and RecreationNews and EventsWelcomeHistory & FactsMission, Vision & ValuesAdministrationTake a closer look at our stats, accolades and facts that reflect why Clarkson delivers a great return on education; how our mission, vision, values and plans for the future honor our history; the university leaders who bring perspective and expertise to our boundary-spanning education; and our appreciation of a global community that compels us to engage in solutions and innovative technologies to create real wealth for society.READ MOREUndergraduate Majors & MinorsGraduate & Professional ProgramsLibraries & TechnologyResearch & InnovationThrough more than 50 rigorous programs of study in engineering, business, science, health, environmental studies and liberal arts, we offer pre-collegiate, undergraduate, graduate and professional education programs.  Find out more about our faculty and academic departments, explore majors and minors, see how we couple research discovery and engineering innovation with enterprise, and connect to people, library resources and services that underpin the Clarkson experience.READ MOREUndergraduate AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsGraduate & Professional ProgramsEarly College Program: The Clarkson SchoolWanted:  Competitive collaborators, thinkers, doers, dreamers and believers who want to go beyond the status quo and join teams creating what’s next. The Clarkson experience is designed for talented and ambitious students who want a hands-on and global ready education.   The results lead to accelerated career opportunities, rewarding and creative personal lives, and deep lifetime connections.  Are you ready? Meet our admissions team and explore your options.READ MOREMeet Our StudentsClubs & ActivitiesExplore The RegionOffice of Student AffairsClarkson is a great place to learn, live and work.  Follow what is happening in residence life; our clubs and organizations; connections to employers and alumni; ROTC and service organizations; international and cooperative education experiences; student services and personal advising; health and wellness; campus safety and regulations; and ways for families to stay involved.READ MOREAbout Athletics and RecreationIntercollegiate Athletics, Intramurals and RecreationOutdoor RecreationHealth &  WellnessGo Golden Knights! Join in Clarkson’s competitive tradition through 20 men's and women's varsity teams, along with numerous intramural and club sports and a wide variety of fitness classes and organized outdoor activities.  More than 80 percent of Clarkson students join intramural teams competing in soccer, football, broomball, 3-on-3 basketball, 5-on-5 basketball, ice hockey, volleyball and indoor soccer. Check on schedules, scores, rosters, hours of operations, traditions and more.READ MORECalendar of EventsNews ReleasesClarkson in the NewsPublicity RequestsGet publicity for your story or check out our news releases, Clarkson news clips, social media conversations, photo galleries and extensive calendar of on and off campus events, meetings, symposia, sports and more.  See why at Clarkson we are the place and time to defy convention by continually asking “What’s next?” The answers can come from anywhere—undergraduates, graduate students, faculty, staff and alumni—and we expect (and respect) the unexpected.READ MORE



Photo caption goes here.
photo credit:




HomeMechanical & Aeronautical EngineeringNews & Announcements



News & Announcements


Share This Page 



Print This Page


In this SectionAbout Our DepartmentIndustry Outlook & CareersUndergraduate ProgramsGraduate ProgramsOur Faculty & StaffNews & Announcements

Professors Receive Honor from American Welding Society (Professors Daryush K. Aidun, Daniel T. Valentine, Alumnus Dr. Alireza Bahrami '14) received the MaKay-Helm Award for their research paper "Interaction of Gravity Forces in Spot GTA Weld Pool," which was part of Dr. Bahrami's PhD. Thesis. http://www.clarkson.edu/news/photos/aws-award.jpg
University Recognition Day Awards 2014:
James E. Fassett Memorial Scholarship: Jimmie Rush III
Robert E. Rosait '52 Award for Excellence in Mechanical Engineering: Christian M. Perryman
Aeronautical Engineering Staff Award - Senior : Sean F. Gagnon
Mechanical Engineering Staff Award - Senior: Nathan F. Sammons
Aeronautical Engineering Staff Award - Junior: Ian P. Smith
Mechanical Engineering Staff Award - Junior: Ruisheng Wang
The Residence Halls Scholarship Award: Nathan North
Perkins Family Memorial Award: Masoud Siddiqi
CUSA Outstanding Senator Award: Michael Ferrari
Paul Hyde Memorial Award: Christian M. Perryman
The Clarkson School Award: Jacob Lyon
Diversity Initiatives Award: Leonardo Minier
                            Phalanx Awards
Commendable Service Award: Rhonda Sharpe
The Commendable Service Awards Class of 2014 - Senior: Jonathan S. Fearer, Erin E. Lennox, Kenneth G. Mark, Matthew T. McChesney, Andrea R. Westervelt
The Commendable Service Awards Class of 2015 - Juniors: Sergio Gallucci
The Commendable Service Award Class of 2016 - Sophomores: Corey Riley
The Commendable Leadership Award Class of 2015 Juniors: Vincent D. Liberto, Nathan T. North
                             Other Awards:
Pi Tau Sigma Faculty/Staff Appreciation Award:   This is the 1st year that the award has been given to a nonteaching individual in the MAE department  Award presented to Tina M. Shatraw  Administrative Assistant for Undergraduates.
﻿

Clarkson University Engineering Dean Goodarz Ahmadi Gives Plenary Lecture in Korea
Goodarz Ahmadi delivered a plenary lecture at the International Conference on Multiphase Flow in Jeju, Korea in June. Ahmadi expanded on his research on particle transport, deposition and removal in environmental and biological applications. The presentation was related to the book he recently co-authored, Computational Fluid and Particle Dynamics in the Human Respiratory System.

Assistant Professor of Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering, Laurel Kuxhaus, was recently elected as Chair of the Education Committee of the Bioengineering Division of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, effective July 1st.  Dr. Kuxhaus has been a member of the Education Committee since 2009 and organized mentoring workshops for the 2011 and 2012 Summer Bioengineering Conferences.  She served as the Vice Chair of the committee from 2012-2013 and will serve a three-year term as Chair.  The election occurred at the 2013 Summer Bioengineering Conference held in Sunriver, OR.  Also at the conference, Clarkson students Janine Amell, Christopher Nycz, Allen Osaheni, Robert Griffin, and Madison Malfa won 2nd place in the Undergraduate Design Competition in Rehabilitative and Assistive Devices, and undergraduate Honors researcher Alexander Landauer gave a poster presentation entitled “Effects of freeze-thaw cycling on material properties of cancellous cervine bone as characterized by nanoindentation.”

Clarkson Engineering Team Places Second in Design Competition!

An Integrated Design team from the Department of Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering at Clarkson University claimed Second Place in the 3rd Annual Undergraduate Design Project Competition in Rehabilitation and Assistive Devices sponsored by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME). The project was entitled “Cost Effective Electrolarynx Design: A Feasibility Study.” The design team was comprised of undergraduate students Janine Amell, Robert Griffin, Madison Malfa, Christopher Nycz, and Allen Osaheni, and was directed by Associate Professor Kevin Fite and Assistant Professors Byron Erath and Laurel Kuxhaus.  This marks the third consecutive year in which a team from Clarkson has placed second in the competition. 
The objective of the design effort was to create a low cost electrolarynx for voice rehabilitation in patients that have undergone a laryngectomy. The electromechanical device utilizes an electrical actuator to create high frequency vibrations of a diaphragm. When the diaphragm is placed on the neck, sound produced by the vibrating diaphragm is transmitted through the neck tissue into the oral cavity, thereby enabling a person to produce intelligible sound through traditional tongue and mouth movements. The prototype demonstrated significant cost savings over traditional electromechanical assistive speech devices that are already on the market, while also having the added flexibility of adjusting the vibration of the diaphragm in order to optimize the sound production on a patient specific basis.
 Six finalists for the competition were selected from 31 initial submissions based on a technical paper describing their proposed device and its impact on individual and public health. The paper addressed product need and market potential, development of a prototype device, and an economic plan for its commercialization based on market analysis.  The final competition that was held for the six finalists comprised an oral presentation and prototype demonstration by each design team, and was held on June 27 at the 2013 ASME Summer Bioengineering Conference in Sunriver, Oregon.  The Clarkson students competed against finalists from the University of Michigan, Rochester Institute of Technology, University of Toledo, University of Utah, and University of Delaware. Clarkson is the only university that has advanced to the final competition all three years as well as the only university that has placed in the top three, all three years.
 As part of being selected as a finalist, the team received a $3000 award from the ASME Bioengineering Division to defray the costs of traveling to the conference. 
 More information about the competition can be found at:  http://www.asmeconferences.org/SBC2013/UndergraduateCompetition.cfm

Figure Caption:
The Clarkson University undergraduate design team. Pictured from left; Martin Tanaka Ph.D., Chair of the design competition, Allan Osaheni, Robert Griffin, Janine Amell, Christopher Nycz, Madison Malfa, and Prof. Laurel Kuxhaus. Not pictured, Professors Byron Erath and Kevin Fite.

The ASEE St. Lawrence Section held their Regional Conference at Clarkson University this year on March 23rd and 24th.  Clarkson University’s MAE graduate student Nicole Corbiere and co-author Dr. Laurel Kuxhaus received a first place award for their paper and presentation “Collaborative Learning Journal Clubs in Biomedical Engineering Education”.  Their paper discussed the challenges of teaching an undergraduate biomechanics class to students from diverse academic backgrounds.  One collaborative learning activity that is accessible to students from varying backgrounds is a Journal Club.  Through the implementation of a Journal Club in a biomechanics class at Clarkson University, the authors found that students perceived an increased proficiency in reading scientific articles.

Clarkson University Wins National Clean Snowmobile Challenge
 2011-2012 Scholarships Received:
Jeffrey A. Jones - a Senior in Mechanical Engineering received the Doug and Jane Collette Endowed Scholarship and the J. Paul Nessier '69 Memorial Endowed Scholarship
Keagan M. McGovern - a Junior Honors student majoring in Mechanical Engineering received the Cleveland NC Merit Endowed Scholarship and the Gordon W. Babcock '46 Endowed Scholarship.
Steven E. Morgan - a Junior in Mechanical Engineering received the H. Douglas and Sara Barclay Endowed Scholarship.
Alexander D. Throop - a Senior in Mechanical Engineering received the Doug and Jane Collette Endowed Scholarship and the Merton Van Sant/Industrial Development Agency Endowed Scholarship.
 
Clarkson University Research Team Gets Ready for DOE Wind Study (USA) (read more)
Department News and Announcements


Clarkson design team wins 2nd place in Design Competition!
An Integrated Design team from the Department of Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering at Clarkson University has won 2nd place in the Inaugural Undergraduate Design Project Competition in Rehabilitation and Assistive Devices for their project entitled “A PARITAL WEIGHT BEARING REMINDER DEVICE FOR GAIT REHABILITATION AFTER LOWER EXTREMITY SURGERY”. 
The proposed device addresses an important need:  following lower-extremity surgery, such as a hip replacement, patients are often instructed to avoid loading the affected leg while it heals.  This is often challenging for older patients.  When complete, the proposed device will feature a combination of aural, visual, and tactile alerts to remind the patient to follow the doctor’s orders.  The device includes an insole that can be inserted to any shoe (or slipper) and will be manufacturable at a low cost. 
To participate in the competition, the students prepared short paper describing their proposed device in mid-January.  Under the direction of Assistant Professors Kevin Fite and Laurel Kuxhaus, the students (Elsbeth Adams, Travis Kiser, Rochelle LaPorte, Tracy Roux, and Caitlin Storey) researched the product need, market potential, and economic plan in addition to their device design.  The final competition was held on June 24th at the 2011 American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) Summer Bioengineering Conference in Farmington, PA.  The students gave an oral presentation and demonstration of the prototype.  Clarkson came in 2nd place while competing against teams from Purdue University, Rice University, Western Carolina University, Wayne State University, and the New Jersey Institute of Technology.
The team received a monetary award from the ASME Bioengineering Division to be used for prototype development and to defray the costs of traveling to the conference. 
More information about the competition can be found at:  http://www.asmeconferences.org/SBC2011/UndergraduateCompetition.cfm.




On March 26, 2011, 51 5-10 year old Girl Scouts from Potsdam, Colton, Pierrepont, Parishville, Madrid, Norfolk, Norwood and Massena came to Clarkson University for the 2nd annual Robotics Day.  Leaders, Marissa LaCourisere (PhD Student) and Sue Scott (Clarkson Staff), teamed up with undergraduates from Professor James Carroll’s Robotics Living Learning Community and Northern New York Robotics Institute.  The Scouts focused on designing, constructing, programming and testing robotic alarm clocks based loosely on the Boston Museum of Science’s Engineering is Elementary Book "A Reminder for Emily."  They also saw the Clarkson SPEED projects.  



Retirement Party for Dr. Sung P. Lin after 43 1/2 years of service was a success.
We have two new faculty hires coming on board in the Fall 2009

 Dr. Ajit Achuthan
 Dr. Laurel Kuxhaus
 
2009-2010 Awards
 Dr. Douglas Bohl, Assistant Professor MAE Department received the NSF Career Award.
 Brent Pomeroy received the AIAA Foundation Dr. James Rankin Digital Avionies Scholarship 
2009 Undergraduate Awards
 Sayuri Yapa received the NSF Research Fellowship (read more).  Sayuri also received the Norman L. Rea Award.
 Sayuri Yapa (SR) and Rebecca Dinger (JR) were inducted in Phalanx.
 Sayuri Yapa (SR); Rebecca Diner (JR) and Krystal Pomerville (JR) received Commendable Leadership Awards.
 Sayuri Yapa (SR) & Ryan Watkins (SR) received the Barry Goldwater Scholarships
 Kristopher Renedette (SR) received the Career Center Award
 Farshad Madhi (SR) received the Physics Dept. Award
 Farshad Madhi (SR) & Sayuri Yapa (SR) received the Institutional Diversity Initiatives Award
 Mark Czajkowski (SR) & Ryan Watkins (SR) received the Albany Undergraduate Research Exposition Award
 Jonathan M. Holla (SR) received 3rd place at the AIAA NE Region 1 Student Paper Competition
 Emily A. Stefano and Elsbeth D. Adams, both Mechanical Engineering students at Clarkson University were
       recently selected as recipients of $2,500 scholarships from the Society of Women Engineers (SWE) 
Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering Staff Awards:
 Junior (Mechanical) - Benjamin Sittner
 Junior (Aeronautical) - Clara M. Helm
 Senior (Aeronautical) - Laura Bear
 Senior (Mechanical) - James W. Snover
2009 MAE Graduate Awards
 Joshua Butler received the AIAA Abe Zarem National Award in Aeronautics
 Nathaniel Barlow received the Outstanding Teacher Award   
Former MAE Graduate Student - Air Vehicles Directorate honors annual award winners

University Recognition Day 2008 Faculty & Staff Awards
 Brian Helenbrook, Associate Professor - The Tau Beta Pi Faculty Award;
 Rhonda Sharpe, Administrative Secretary - The Commendable Service Award

 Find out about the new faculty hire, Dr. Kevin Fite....more

 Shuttle Flight Director Gives AIAA Student Paper Competition Keynote at Clarkson - Michael Sarafin, Class of 1994 and the lead space shuttle flight director for the recent Atlantis STS-122 mission, gave the keynote presentation at the AIAA Region 1 NE Student Paper Conference, held at Clarkson on April 4-5....more (announcement)

 Dr. Pier Marzocca wins 2007 Ralph R. Teetor Educational Award
CSOE Dean Ahmadi speaks in Holland....more
What are MAE Students Up To?
Peter Coffin, MAE Undergraduate Student, spent the summer of 2008 at the NASA Ames Research Center in Moffet Field California. At left is Coffin in the National Full-Scale Aerodynamics Complex 80 x 120 ft wind tunnel with mentors in front of the Mars Science Laboratory Parachute being tested in the   From Left to Right: Joe Sacco (NASA), Roseleigh Taylor (MIT), Jeff Johnson (Jacobs Engineering), Peter Coffin (Clarkson).
Clarkson University Undergraduate Student Robert Franklin received a Summer 2008 internship at the Constellation Energy - Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station

 Clarkson University participate in the National Science Foundation Nucleation in Forests (NIFTY) project.

 Clarkson University Graduate Student Joshua Butler wins AIAA Aeronautical Abe Zarem Award.

 Professor Liviu Librescu Memorial Sessions at the ESM 2008 Mechanics Conference (click here for more info)

University Recognition Day 2008 Students Awards
 Steven Caron - The Commendable Leadership Award and Inducted into Phalanx
Mark Czajkowski - The Commendable Leadership Award, The Mechanical Engineering Senior Staff Award and Inducted into Phalanx
Farshad Madhi - The James E. Fassett Memorial Scholarship
Andrew W. MacDougall - The Robert E. Rosati '52 Award for Excellence in Mechanical Engineering
 Ryan C. Harrington - The Aeronautical Engineering Senior Staff Award
 Ryan T. Watkins - The Aeronautical Engineering Junior Staff Award
 Sayuri D. Yapa - The Mechanical Engineering Junior Staff Award 
 Astri Roman - Institutional Diversity Initiatives Award

 MAE Department wins two Goldwater scholars for 2008-09.  Sayuri Yapa (Mechanical) and Ryan Watkins (Aeronautical).  (click here).
Clarkson, UW-Madison Win Clean Snowmobile Challenge (click here)

 Clarkson students present research at Albany legislative building - Six Clarkson students travelled to Albany to present their undergraduate research to other students, educators and members of the legislature...more

 First Robotics Champs Students from Massena and Salmon River High Schools, mentored by Clarkson University's SPEED team, took first place in the Long Island Regional of the First Robotics Competition in Hempstead, N.Y. ....more

 Clarkson University participated in the RASC-AL 2007 Forum on May 20-24, 2007, at Moody Gardens Hotel, Spa and Convention Center in Galveston, Texas....more

 MAE undergraduate student makes the news (click here)














ROTC
SPEED
Student Success Center


The Center for Sustainable Energy Systems (CSES)
The Clarkson Institute for a Sustainable Environment (ISE)


Clarkson University
Department of Mechanical &
 Aeronautical Engineering
 257 CAMP
 Box 5725
 Potsdam, NY 13699-5725 USA


Phone: 315-268-6586
 Email: sharper@clarkson.edu

8 Clarkson Ave.
 Potsdam, New York 13699
 315-268-6400
Contact the Webmaster
 ©2016 Clarkson University









Human Resources
Giving
Site Index
HEOA Public Information














Jonathon Clarkson Phone Number | Jonathon Clarkson Address  - Page 2 | PeopleSmart





































PEOPLE
PHONE
EMAIL
ADDRESS















Find:







Location:






 Search


		Advanced Search
		




 






















18-25
26-39
40-49
50-59
60+











Nationwide
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming







 
Search


		Basic Search
			





Phone:







 Search



Email:







 Search



Street:







City, State:






 Search







Sign In
Plans & Pricing





Sign In


Plans & Pricing


About


Blog


Help









 Jonathon Clarkson
 Find Contact Information, Public Records, and Much More.

				Showing 21 – 40 of 99 Results
			




					Name
				

					Age
				

					Locations
				

					Possible Relations
				

					Complete Details
				






Top States
						






Alabama


California


Colorado


Florida


Indiana


Kentucky


Missouri


North Carolina


Nevada


New York


Ohio


Texas



Show More Hide States












J P Clarkson

John Palmer Clarkson
Palmer Clarkson
P Clarkson John



Early 60s

Why is age approximate?



				We show an approximate age to help you find the right person. As part of our commitment to privacy we protect people’s exact ages and birth dates.
			


Hide


 




Location

Jacksonville, FL
Orange Park, FL



Relatives


Elizabeth Z Clarkson


John Palmer Clarkson III


Kirkland Tucker Clarkson








That's The One











John Charles Clarkson




Early 50s




Location

Kansas City, MO
Philadelphia, PA
Alton, IL
Belleville, IL
Marlton, NJ



Relatives


Ann S Clarkson


Betty Ruth Clarkson


Donald L Clarkson


Janet L Clarkson








That's The One

















John Clarkson

Jon Roy Clarkson
Jonathan Roy Clarkson
Jonathan Clarkston



Mid 40s




Location

Elizabethtown, KY
Fort Knox, KY
Junction City, KS
Dayton, OH
Riverside, OH



Relatives


Stacey Lynn Clarkson








That's The One











John Clarkson

Jon D Clarkson
David J Clarkson
Clarkson J S Mcroberts



Early 50s




Location

Chula Vista, CA
Bonita, CA



Relatives


David Moore Clarkson


James P Clarkson


Jon D Clarkson


Lourdes C Clarkson


Peter Sandi Clarkson








That's The One











John A Clarkson

John Ronald Clarkson



Early 70s




Location

Reno, NV
Silver Springs, NV



Relatives


Olivia R Callison


Diane Marie Clarkson


Diane E Clarkson


Jacob D Clarkson


John R Clarkson








That's The One











J Clarkson

John T Ins Clarkson
T Clarkson



Mid 80s




Location

Saint Louis, MO
Ponte Vedra Beach, FL



Relatives


Jane Hill Clarkson


John Turner Clarkson III


Mary C Clarkson


Peggy J Clarkson


William P Clarkson








That's The One











J Clarkson

John C Clarkson
John Scott Clarkson
S John



Early 70s




Location

Jacksonville, FL
Atlantic Beach, FL



Relatives


Edith Anita Clarkson


Elsie Marie Clarkson


Francis Allen Clarkson


Jay Paul Clarkson


Jeffrey Blair Clarkson








That's The One











J M Clarkson

John E Clarkson
Jon M Clarkson
Jonathan M Clarkson



Late 60s




Location

Houston, TX
Coldspring, TX



Relatives


Andrew R Clarkson


Haley M Clarkson


Jonathan M Clarkson


Tanya Ekblad Stroube Clarkson








That's The One











John Mcneill Clarkson

John M Clarksonjr



Late 40s




Location

Union, MO
Ballwin, MO
Harper Woods, MI
Clinton Township, MI
Clinton Twp, MI



Relatives


Beth Ann Clarkson


Christa Ann Clarkson


Jenna Clarkson


John Mcneill Clarkson


Nancy Ann Clarkson








That's The One











John Bradley Clarkson

John R Clarkson
Brad B Clarkson
John Bradley Clakson



Early 50s




Location

Belmont, NC
Charlotte, NC



Relatives


Catherine E Clarkson


David Bryce Clarkson


John Robert Clarkson


Marta C Clarkson


Phillip D Clarkson








That's The One











J Clarkson

John Worrell Clarkson



Mid 50s




Location

Los Angeles, CA
Bel Air, CA
West Los Angeles, CA
Brentwood, CA



Relatives


Channing Whitney Clarkson








That's The One











John Robert Clarkson

J Clarkson Dorthy



Early 50s




Location

Berthoud, CO
Windsor, CO
Greeley, CO
Evans, CO



Relatives


Bradley Dean Clarkson


Catherine Melaragno Clarkson


David Guy Clarkson


David B Clarkson








That's The One











Jean S Clarkson

John David Clarkson



Late 30s




Location

Fairhope, AL
New Orleans, LA
Mobile, AL



Relatives


David Roland Clarkson


David R Clarkson


Lauren E Clarkson


Michael P Clarkson








That's The One











J Clarkson

John Dennis Clarkson
Dennis J Clarkson
John D Clarkson



Mid 60s




Location

Loma Linda, CA
Yucaipa, CA
Mentone, CA
Redlands, CA



Relatives


Alexander W Clarkson


Barbara Gail Clarkson


Denise A Davis








That's The One











J Clarkson

Joan L Clarkson
John M Clarkson



Late 60s




Location

Bronxville, NY
Norwalk, CT
New York, NY
Emmetsburg, IA
Cedar Falls, IA



Relatives


Bonnie L Clarkson


Joan L Clarkson


John Williams Clarkson


John Charles Clarkson


Karen Clarkson








That's The One











Jon Michael Clarkson

Michael M Clarkson
John R Clark



Mid 60s




Location

Connersville, IN
Rushville, IN
Westport, IN
Richmond, IN



Relatives


Debbie L Clarkson


Ellen L Clarkson


Heather A Clarkson


John M Clarkson


Jon B Clarkson








That's The One











John Clarkson

Theo Clarkson
Theodore John Clarkson Jr
Tj J Clarkson Jr



Late 60s




Location

Irvine, CA
Huntington Beach, CA
Garden Grove, CA
South Gate, CA



Relatives


Justin T Clarkson


Keith John Clarkson


Kimberly Clarkson


Ryan James Clarkson


Susan E Clarkson








That's The One











J Clarkson

John Frederick Clarkson
Jinnie Clark
John Frederick Clark



Late 50s




Location

Henderson, NV
Bend, OR
Modesto, CA







That's The One











John Mcneill Clarkson




Passed away in 2014 (Late 70s)




Location

Union, MO
Boynton Beach, FL
Ocala, FL



Relatives


Beth Ann Clarkson


Christa Ann Clarkson


Jenna Clarkson


John Mcneill Clarkson Jr


Nancy Ann Clarkson








That's The One











J Clarkson

John L Clarkson



Passed away in 2012 (Late 70s)




Location

Geneva, OH
Everglades, FL
Everglades City, FL



Relatives


Donna F Clarkson








That's The One








1
2
3
4
5




ADVERTISING

















Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs - Wikipedia






















 






Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Jonathan C. Gibbs)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs








Secretary of State and Superintendent of Public Instruction


In office
1868 to 1872, 1873 to 1874


Preceded by
George J. Alden, Charles Beecher


Succeeded by
Samuel B. Mclin, William Watkin Hicks





Personal details


Born
September 28, 1821
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania


Died
August 14, 1874(1874-08-14) (aged 52)
Tallahassee, Florida


Nationality
American


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Anna Amelia Harris, (divorced), and Elizabeth F. Gibbs









Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs, II (September 28, 1821 – August 14, 1874) was a Presbyterian minister and a prominent African-American officeholder during Reconstruction. He served as the first black Secretary of State and Superintendent of Public Instruction of Florida, and along with Josiah Thomas Walls, US Congressman from Florida, was among the most powerful black officeholders in the state during Reconstruction.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Philadelphia
1.2 New Hampshire


2 Abolitionist minister

2.1 New York and the Abolitionist Movement
2.2 Return to Philadelphia
2.3 Move to the South


3 Reconstruction politician

3.1 1868 Constitutional Convention and rise to Secretary of State
3.2 Superintendent of Public Instruction


4 Death
5 Legacy and impact
6 Notes
7 References



Early life[edit]
Philadelphia[edit]
Gibbs was born free in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on September 28, 1821. His father was Reverend Jonathan Gibbs I, a Methodist minister, and his mother Maria Jackson was a Baptist. Jonathan C. Gibbs II was the oldest of four children born to the couple. He grew up in Philadelphia during a time when the city was rife with anti-black and anti-abolitionist sentiments. Many white Northerners during this period practiced both white superiority and discrimination against blacks.[1] Gibbs and his brother, Mifflin, attended the local Free School in Philadelphia.
Though not much is known about the details of his early life, Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs grew up in a Philadelphia where anti-black riots and violence were quite common.[2] Following the death of his father in April 1831, Gibbs and his brother left the Free School to aid their ailing mother and earn a living. The young Gibbs apprenticed to a carpenter. Both brothers eventually converted to Presbyterianism. Gibbs impressed the Presbyterian assembly such that the Assembly provided financial backing for him to attend Kimball Union Academy in Meriden, New Hampshire.[3]
New Hampshire[edit]
Gibbs attended Kimball Union Academy at Meriden, New Hampshire, and graduated in 1848. At the time, the academy was under the guidance of abolitionist principal, Cyrus Smith Richards, who had earlier allowed Augustus Washington (who would also attend Dartmouth) to study at the academy. Washington is best known for a famous daguerreotype of John Brown.[4] At KUA, Gibbs became acquainted with Charles Barrett, a native of Grafton, Vermont, who would become one of his closest friends. The two went on to Dartmouth College, and later, Barrett returned to his native Vermont and served in politics.
While Gibbs was a student, Dartmouth was under the presidency of pro-slavery Nathan Lord. Lord was originally an anti-slavery advocate who had voted for the Liberty Party and had written editorials in The Liberator. His sudden conversion was due to his conservative brand of Calvinism, he felt that reformers may have been going too far in their zeal against slavery. Despite the president's views regarding slavery, which stemmed in large part from his belief that the institution was predicated on sin, Lord permitted several African Americans to attend the college. Lord believed that any group of people who sinned against God could be enslaved (including whites).[5]
While at the college, Gibbs was influenced by three professors who would affect his thinking as a missionary, educator and politician.[6] He was a member of the abolitionist movement while a college student, and participated in several conventions, appearing by name in The Liberator.[7]
He was the third African American to graduate from Dartmouth College. Following John Brown Russwurm, Gibbs became the second black man in the nation to deliver a commencement address at a college.
Abolitionist minister[edit]
New York and the Abolitionist Movement[edit]
Following his graduation in 1852, Gibbs studied at Princeton Theological Seminary from 1853 to 1854 but did not graduate due to financial constraints.[8] At the seminary, Gibbs studied under Charles Hodge a pro-slavery advocate. Hodge, a Presbyterian minister, espoused the belief that, "slavery as such was not condemned by Scripture but that the way it was practiced in the South perpetuated great evil." Unlike Nathan Lord, Hodge did support the war effort and President Abraham Lincoln.[9] Though Gibbs was unable to graduate from the seminary, he was ordained in 1856. He was called as a pastor of Liberty Street Presbyterian Church in Troy, New York, where Henry Highland Garnet had been pastor. Gibbs invited the pro-slavery president of Dartmouth College, Nathan Lord, to give the ordination sermon. He "begged Dr. Lord as a special favor to preach his ordination sermon, giving as a reason that his college was the only (one) which would endure his presence." Lord delivered the sermon as a result of the absence of other ministers.[10]
Gibbs, by now a young minister, married Anna Amelia Harris, the daughter of a well-to-do black New York merchant and his wife. The couple had three children: Thomas Van Renssalaer Gibbs, Julia Pennington Gibbs, and Josephine Haywood Gibbs.[11]
Following his ordination, Gibbs became active in the abolitionist movement. He attended a series of black conventions where he worked with Frederick Douglass and served on committees. He gradually became known nationally for his work in the movement. Gibbs was featured in anti-slavery publications including The Liberator and the The National Anti-Slavery Standard. His rising fame was indicative of Gibbs' own ambitions as well his skills as an orator and rising abolitionist minister.[12] His growing involvement in New York's abolitionist movement separated him from his family. In part due to his extensive absences from home and his parish duties, Gibbs became increasingly alienated from his wife. Anna was accustomed to living standards that a young pastor could not afford. The tension between husband and wife prompted Gibbs to consider leaving the United States for Africa to work as a missionary. However, he was persuaded by his congregation to abandon these plans.[13] The marital discord eventually led to lengthy and bitter divorce proceedings, which lasted until 1862.[14] Not long afterward, Gibbs returned to his native Philadelphia where he continued work in the abolitionist movement.
Return to Philadelphia[edit]
Gibbs served as pastor of the First African Presbyterian Church in Philadelphia from 1859 to 1865. He became active in the abolitionist movement, "a key figure in the local underground railroad and contributed articles to the Anglo-African Magazine."[15]
Following President Abraham Lincoln's announcement of the Emancipation Proclamation, Gibbs delivered a sermon titled "Freedom's Joyful Day," emphasizing that whites should crush their prejudices and that blacks should be allowed to fight in the Civil War. Gibbs noted that, "We, the colored men of the North, put the laboring oar in your hand; it is for white men to show that they are equal to the demands of these times, by putting away their stupid prejudices."[16] He touched upon the need for blacks to fight by addressing white concerns and prejudices stating unequivocally that:


“
Many persons are asking, Will black men fight? That is not what they mean. The question they are asking is simply this: Have white men of the North the same moral courage, the pluck, the grit, to lay down their foolish prejudice against the colored man and place him in a position where he can bear his full share of the toils and dangers of this war?[17]
”


Along with William Still, Gibbs fought for equal accommodations and transportation in Philadelphia, decrying segregation of the city's rail cars. In a blunt article published in December 1864 in the National Anti-Slavery Standard, Still and Gibbs asked, "Why, then, should the fear exist that the very people who are meeting with colored people in various other directions without insulting them, should instantly become so intolerably incensed as to indicate a terrible aspect in this particular?"[18] They wrote further that:


“
It is well known that through the efforts of the Supervisory Committee of this city ten or eleven regiments of colored men have been raised for the United States service, and not a few of these brave men have already won imperishable honor on the battle-field. Nevertheless, thrice the number that have been thus raised for the defence of the country are daily and hourly compelled to endure all the outrages and inconveniences consequent upon rules so severe and inexorable as those which have hitherto governed the roads of Philadelphia.[19]
”


Gibbs' efforts in the movement to abolish slavery helped both free blacks and their enslaved brethren. As the Civil War drew to a close, Gibbs left Philadelphia, and journeyed to the South to help rebuild the former Confederate states and to educate the ex-slaves and poor whites who were left destitute in the wake of the bloody ravages of war.
Move to the South[edit]
On December 18, 1864, Gibbs announced his departure from the First African Presbyterian Church. He "was invited to go South for several months to look to the needs of Freedmen."[20] His endeavor expanded into a project of several years, as Gibbs labored alongside other missionaries as part of the American Home Missionary Society. Gibbs arrived at New Bern, North Carolina, where he wrote a letter published in The Christian Recorder. He described postwar conditions: "The destitution and suffering of this people extended my wildest dream; old men and women bending to the ground, heads white with the frosts and hardships of many winters, as well as the innocent babe of a few weeks, contribute to make up this scene of misery."[21] Gibbs eventually settled in Charleston, South Carolina, where he became established in a local church and opened a school for freedmen.
Freedmen faced uncertainty as well as great opportunities. As early as 1866 the need for missionary activities among the freedmen was mentioned prominently in The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America. The Report stated, "The condition of the freedmen, their native peculiarities, and the various influences to which they are subjected, have much to do in determining the success of missions, and the plan of the church’s operation for their benefit."[22] This same report also illuminated the perspective of Northern missionaries in dealing with the situation, saying that newly freed blacks are

"passing through 'a howling wilderness' of social, political, and religious problems, as striking and peculiar as those found by the Israelites in their journey from the 'house of bondage' to the land of their fathers. And all these problems impinge upon the work of their religious education, in every branch of it, either directly or remotely.[23]

Missionary activity in the South was not a new occurrence. The Great Awakening had been a period when many missionaries evangelized in the region. In addition, contraband camps had been set up near many forts, and some missionaries lived and worked among them. Historian Steven Hahn has noted that:


“
The missionaries and reformers, charged as many were with evangelical fervor, sought not only to strike fatal blows against the institution of slavery but also to reshape the character and morals of the institutions direct victims. Assuming, for the most part, that the slaves had emerged from an experience of degradation and cultural barbarism, they expected to teach essential lessons in the proper conduct of faith, family, health, and livelihood as well as in the rudiments of reading and writing.[24]
”


The established missionary work among freed blacks in the South was augmented by activities such as those o Gibbs. He believed in the power of education and the connection (expressed in the 1866 report) between religious duties and the task of uplifting nearly four million freedmen. In a letter to his old friend, Charles Barrett of Vermont, Gibbs proudly stated that he "had one school that daily average in Charleston, 1000, children, and some 20 teachers."[25]
During his time in South Carolina, Gibbs also became involved in Republican political activities during Reconstruction. Gibbs participated in a meeting of black delegates who drafted a petition demanding that the educated of both races be allowed to vote, suggesting he may have had some elitism. The petition also said, "we do ask that if the ignorant white man is allowed to vote, that the ignorant colored man shall be allowed to vote also."[26] Gibbs noted that, "If we can secure, for the next ten years, three clean shirts a week, a tooth brush, and spelling-book to every Freedman in South Carolina, I will go bail (a thing I seldom do) for the next hundred years, that we will have no more slavery, and both whites and blacks will be happier and better friends."[27]
During this period, Gibbs met and married his second wife, Elizabeth. They had at least once child, who died in infancy. Gibbs "remained [in Charleston] but a short time not finding things to his liking. He proceeded to Jacksonville, Florida and there opened an Academy for youth of that city."[28]
Reconstruction politician[edit]
1868 Constitutional Convention and rise to Secretary of State[edit]




The 1868 Florida Constitution, signed by Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs.


Gibbs moved to Florida in 1867 where he started a private school in Jacksonville. He rapidly shifted from missionary work to political involvement in Reconstruction Florida. Religion and politics went hand-in-hand for black officeholders in this period. Another prominent black officeholder, Charles H. Pearce, remarked that, "A man in this State, cannot do his whole duty as a minister except he looks out for the political interests of his people."[29]
Gibbs was elected to the State Constitutional Convention of 1868. He formed part of the radical Mule Team faction within the convention that initially gained control of the convention, only to be thwarted by more moderate and conservative delegates led by Harrison Reed and Ossian Bingley Hart.[30] Canter Brown, Jr. wrote of the resulting constitution that:

"While it established the state's most liberal charter to that date, it incorporated important restrictions on black political power. It permitted most former Rebels to vote, at the same time specifying a legislative apportionment plan that discriminated again black-majority counties in favor of sparsely populated white counties. The drafters retained one item especially important to black leaders. The constitution directed the legislature to create a uniform system of public schools."[31]

The Mule Team nominated its own slate of candidates, opposing the more conservative faction of Republicans that nominated Gibbs for Florida's seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. Ultimately, the Mule Team coalition fractured in the wake of the successful election of a moderate Republican administration and Congressional approval of the 1868 Constitution.
Though Gibbs did not win the election to Congress, he was appointed Florida's Secretary of State, serving from 1868 to 1872, by Wisconsin-born Republican governor, Harrison Reed. Gibbs wielded considerable power and responsibility during his four years as Secretary of State. In a letter to his close friend, Charles Barrett, Gibbs remarked that, "In 1868 I was appointed by the Governor and confirmed by the Senate, Secretary of State of Florida at a salary of $3000, per year for four years, and stand second man in the government of this State today."[32] Gibbs' power and influence contradicts some observations made by historians of this period. Eric Foner noted that, "During Reconstruction more blacks served in the essentially ceremonial office of secretary of state than any other post, and by and large, the most important political decisions in every state were made by whites."[33] However, Article VIII of the Constitution states that, "The Superintendent of Public Instruction, Secretary of State, and Attorney General shall constitute a body corporate, to be known as the Board of Education of Florida. The Superintendent of Public Instruction shall be president thereof. The duties of the Board of Education shall be prescribed by the Legislature."[34] Gibbs also was proactive as Secretary of State, conducting extensive investigations into violence and fraud (including investigations into the activities of the Ku Klux Klan) and he also served on the Board of Canvassers, testifying on behalf of Josiah Thomas Walls.
Superintendent of Public Instruction[edit]




Republican governor Marcellus Stearns greeting Harriet Beecher Stowe. Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs is visible toward one of the columns.


He was appointed Superintendent of Public Instruction in 1873. Gibbs was also commissioned as a lieutenant colonel in the Florida State Militia. Gibbs was also elected as a Tallahassee City Councilman in 1872. Gibbs was responsible for introducing legislation creating the State Normal College for Colored Students, forerunner of Florida A&M University.
Death[edit]
Gibbs died on August 14, 1874, in Tallahassee, Florida, reportedly of apoplexy (stroke).
Legacy and impact[edit]
He was the brother of prominent Arkansas Reconstruction judge Mifflin Wistar Gibbs, and the father of Thomas Van Renssalaer Gibbs, a delegate to the 1886 Florida Constitutional Convention, and a member of the Florida state legislature.

Gibbs High School, the first high school in St. Petersburg for black students, is named after him.
Gibbs Junior College (also in St. Petersburg) was named after him. The college was merged with St. Petersburg Junior College, now St. Petersburg College.

Notes[edit]

^ Leon F. Litwack, North of Slavery: The Negro in the Free States, 1790-1860 (Chicago and London: The University of Chicago Press, 1961), vii.
^ Philip S. Foner, History of Black Americans: From The Emergence of the Cotton Kingdom to the Eve of the Compromise of 1850, Vol. 2 (Westport, CT and London, Greenwood Press, 1983), 203.
^ William Pierce Randel, The Ku Klux Klan: A Century of Infamy, (Philadelphia and New York: Chilton Books, 1965), 125; Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain, (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 4; Carter G. Woodson, "The Gibbs Family", The Negro History Bulletin, Vol. XI, No. 1 (October, 1947), 3, 7.
^ Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Story of Reconstruction Florida, B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 2007), 28-29; Augustus Washington, letter published in Charter Oak, Hartford Connecticut, 1846.
^ Chesley A. Homan, From Antislavery to Proslavery: The Presidency and Resignation of Nathan Lord, B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 1996), 40; Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate, 32-34; John King Lord, A History of Dartmouth College 1815-1909, Vol. II, (Concord: The Rumford Press: 1913), 332; Leon Burr Richardson, History of Dartmouth College, Vol. II, (Brattleboro: The Stephen Daye Press, 1932), 478.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate, 37-39.
^ George E. Carter, "Antebellum Black Dartmouth Students," Dartmouth College Library Bulletin, Vol. XXI, No. 1 (November, 1980), 30; Dinnella-Borrego, 39-41; The Liberator, (February 14, 1851), 28.
^ Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 4-5; Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date). This essay was in the possession of Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy.
^ Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life And Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs c. 1828-1874, Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003), 10-11; Mark A. Noll, "Hodge, Charles," American National Biography Online, February 2000, http://www.anb.org/articles/08/08-00687.html (accessed: April 18, 2007).
^ Raymond L. Hall, "A Reaffirmation of Mission: The Saga of the Black Experience at Dartmouth," Dartmouth Alumni Magazine, vol. 79, 3 (November 1986), 6; Dinnella-Borrego, 47-48.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 49-50; Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 7; Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date), in the possession of Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 48-49; Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness", 19-20; C. Peter Ripley, et al., eds., The Black Abolitionist Papers Volume 5: The United States, 1859-1865 (Chapel Hill and London: The University of North Carolina Press, 1992), 246; "Minutes of the Colored State Convention of New York, Troy, September 4, 1855" in Philip S. Foner and George E. Walker, eds., Proceedings of the Black State Conventions, 1840-1865 (Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 1979), I, 88.; "Colored Men’s State Convention," Frederick Douglass’ Paper, September 14, 1855 in George E. Carter and C. Peter Ripley, et al. eds., Black Abolitionist Papers 1830-1865 (New York: Microfilming Corporation of America, 1981), microfilm, 9:0825. (Hereafter cited as BAP Microfilm).
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs to Jacob C. White, May 20, 1858. Jacob C. White Papers 115-1, Folder 57. (Washington D.C.: Howard University, Moorland Spingarn Research Center); Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life And Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs c. 1828-1874, Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003), 30.
^ Anna Amelia Gibbs vs. Jonathan C. Gibbs. Superior Court, New Haven Connecticut. 1857-58 (Case #24), 1860, 1862 (Case #77). (Note: the petition was brought in September 1857, the case was heard in 1858, dragged into 1860, and even into 1862 when a new trial was set for December 1862). New Haven: Connecticut State Library.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 55-56; C. Peter Ripley, The Black Abolitionist Papers, 246; "Annual Meeting of the Philadelphia Vigilant Committee," Weekly Anglo-African, February 25, 1860 in BAP Microfilm, 12:0509.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom’s Joyful Day," in Philip S. Foner and Robert James Branham, eds., Lift Every Voice: African American Oratory, 1787-1900 (Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998), 383.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom's Joyful Day," 383.
^ "Colorphobia in Philadelphia," National Anti-Slavery Standard, December 17, 1864 in BAP Microfilm, 15:0616.
^ "Colorphobia in Philadelphia," December 17, 1864 in BAP Microfilm, 15:0616.
^ Shelton B. Waters, We Have This Ministry: A History of the First African Presbyterian Church, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, The Mother Church of African American Presbyterians, (Philadelphia: The Winchell Company, 1994), 30.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Letter From Rev. J.C. Gibbs," The Christian Recorder, April 15, 1865; See also Learotha Williams, "‘Leave the pulpit and go into the…school room’: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Board of Missions for Freedmen in North and South Carolina, 1865-1866," Southern Studies: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the South, Vol. 13 No. 1/2 (Spring/Summer 2006): 89-104.
^ The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America (Pittsburgh: Jas. McMillin, 1866), 16.
^ The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen, 13.
^ Steven Hahn, A Nation Under Our Feet: Black Political Struggles in the Rural South from Slavery to the Great Migration (Cambridge and London: The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press, 2003), 74.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Letter to Charles Barrett, Grafton, Vt., Tallahassee, Fla., June 7, 1869", Rauner Special Collections Library, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire.
^ Herbert Aptheker, "South Carolina Negro Conventions, 1865," The Journal of Negro History Vol. 31, No. 1, (January 1946), 94-95; Eric Foner, Freedom’s Lawmakers: A Directory of Black Officeholders During Reconstruction (Baton Rouge and London: Louisiana State University Press, 1996), 84.
^ Leon F. Litwack, Been in the Storm So Long (New York: Vintage Books, 1980), 522; Jonathan C. Gibbs, The Christian Recorder, February 3, 1866.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date).
^ Canter Brown Jr., Florida's Black Public Officials, 1867-1924, (Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998), 4; Dorothy Dodd, "'Bishop' Pearce and the Reconstruction of Leon County", Apalachee (1946), 6.
^ Canter Brown Jr., Florida's Black Public Officials, 10-11.
^ Brown, 10-11; Jerrell H. Shofner, Nor Is It Over Yet: Florida in the Era of Reconstruction 1863-1877, (Gainesville, University of Florida Press, 1974), 184-187.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, Letter to Charles Barrett, Grafton, Vt., Tallahassee, Fla., (June 7, 1869). Rauner Special Collections Library, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire.
^ Eric Foner, Reconstruction: America’s Unfinished Revolution, 1863-1877, (New York: Perennial Classics, 1988), 354.
^ Florida Constitution, (1868). Article VIII, Sec. 9.

References[edit]
Published Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Canter Brown, Jr. Florida's Black Public Officials, 1867-1924. Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998.
Eric Foner ed. Freedom's Lawmakers: A Directory of Black Officeholders During Reconstruction. Baton Rouge and London: Louisiana State University Press, 1996.
Mifflin Wistar Gibbs Shadow and Light: An Autobiography with Reminiscences of the Last and Present Century. Lincoln and London: University of Nebraska Press, 1995.
William Peirce Randel, The Ku Klux Klan: A Century of Infamy. Philadelphia and New York: Chilton Books, 1965.
Joe M. Richardson, "Jonathan C. Gibbs: Florida's Only Negro Cabinet Member." Florida Historical Quarterly, XLII (April, 1964).
C. Peter Ripley, et al., eds. The Black Abolitionist Papers. Five Volumes. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 1992-1995.
Learotha Williams, Jr., "‘Leave the pulpit and go into the…school room’: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Board of Missions for Freedmen in North and South Carolina, 1865-1866." Southern Studies: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the South, Vol. 13 No. 1/2 (Spring/Summer 2006): 89-104.

Unpublished Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Story of Reconstruction Florida. B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 2007).
Chesley A. Homan, From Antislavery to Proslavery: The Presidency and Resignation of Nathan Lord. B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 1996).
Learotha Williams, Jr.,"A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life and Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs, c. 1828–1874. Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003).

Internet Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs
Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs, "The Great Commission", October 22, 1856
Our Philadelphia Letter. Lecture at the Institute for Colored Youth, Weekly Anglo-African, March 16, 1861
(1863) Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom's Joyful Day"
Gibbs High School Homepage
St. Petersburg College/Gibbs Campus Homepage



Political offices


Preceded by
George J. Alden
Secretary of State of Florida
1868–1873
Succeeded by
Samuel B. Mclin






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jonathan_Clarkson_Gibbs&oldid=777377857"					
Categories: 1821 births1874 deathsAfrican-American people in Florida politicsDartmouth College alumniPeople associated with the history of African-American civil rightsHistory of civil rights in the United StatesPeople of American ReconstructionFlorida city council membersSecretaries of State of FloridaFlorida Commissioners of EducationFlorida Republicans19th-century American politiciansAfrican-American politicians during the Reconstruction period 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Italiano 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 April 2017, at 20:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs - Wikipedia






















 






Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Jonathan C. Gibbs)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs








Secretary of State and Superintendent of Public Instruction


In office
1868 to 1872, 1873 to 1874


Preceded by
George J. Alden, Charles Beecher


Succeeded by
Samuel B. Mclin, William Watkin Hicks





Personal details


Born
September 28, 1821
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania


Died
August 14, 1874(1874-08-14) (aged 52)
Tallahassee, Florida


Nationality
American


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Anna Amelia Harris, (divorced), and Elizabeth F. Gibbs









Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs, II (September 28, 1821 – August 14, 1874) was a Presbyterian minister and a prominent African-American officeholder during Reconstruction. He served as the first black Secretary of State and Superintendent of Public Instruction of Florida, and along with Josiah Thomas Walls, US Congressman from Florida, was among the most powerful black officeholders in the state during Reconstruction.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Philadelphia
1.2 New Hampshire


2 Abolitionist minister

2.1 New York and the Abolitionist Movement
2.2 Return to Philadelphia
2.3 Move to the South


3 Reconstruction politician

3.1 1868 Constitutional Convention and rise to Secretary of State
3.2 Superintendent of Public Instruction


4 Death
5 Legacy and impact
6 Notes
7 References



Early life[edit]
Philadelphia[edit]
Gibbs was born free in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on September 28, 1821. His father was Reverend Jonathan Gibbs I, a Methodist minister, and his mother Maria Jackson was a Baptist. Jonathan C. Gibbs II was the oldest of four children born to the couple. He grew up in Philadelphia during a time when the city was rife with anti-black and anti-abolitionist sentiments. Many white Northerners during this period practiced both white superiority and discrimination against blacks.[1] Gibbs and his brother, Mifflin, attended the local Free School in Philadelphia.
Though not much is known about the details of his early life, Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs grew up in a Philadelphia where anti-black riots and violence were quite common.[2] Following the death of his father in April 1831, Gibbs and his brother left the Free School to aid their ailing mother and earn a living. The young Gibbs apprenticed to a carpenter. Both brothers eventually converted to Presbyterianism. Gibbs impressed the Presbyterian assembly such that the Assembly provided financial backing for him to attend Kimball Union Academy in Meriden, New Hampshire.[3]
New Hampshire[edit]
Gibbs attended Kimball Union Academy at Meriden, New Hampshire, and graduated in 1848. At the time, the academy was under the guidance of abolitionist principal, Cyrus Smith Richards, who had earlier allowed Augustus Washington (who would also attend Dartmouth) to study at the academy. Washington is best known for a famous daguerreotype of John Brown.[4] At KUA, Gibbs became acquainted with Charles Barrett, a native of Grafton, Vermont, who would become one of his closest friends. The two went on to Dartmouth College, and later, Barrett returned to his native Vermont and served in politics.
While Gibbs was a student, Dartmouth was under the presidency of pro-slavery Nathan Lord. Lord was originally an anti-slavery advocate who had voted for the Liberty Party and had written editorials in The Liberator. His sudden conversion was due to his conservative brand of Calvinism, he felt that reformers may have been going too far in their zeal against slavery. Despite the president's views regarding slavery, which stemmed in large part from his belief that the institution was predicated on sin, Lord permitted several African Americans to attend the college. Lord believed that any group of people who sinned against God could be enslaved (including whites).[5]
While at the college, Gibbs was influenced by three professors who would affect his thinking as a missionary, educator and politician.[6] He was a member of the abolitionist movement while a college student, and participated in several conventions, appearing by name in The Liberator.[7]
He was the third African American to graduate from Dartmouth College. Following John Brown Russwurm, Gibbs became the second black man in the nation to deliver a commencement address at a college.
Abolitionist minister[edit]
New York and the Abolitionist Movement[edit]
Following his graduation in 1852, Gibbs studied at Princeton Theological Seminary from 1853 to 1854 but did not graduate due to financial constraints.[8] At the seminary, Gibbs studied under Charles Hodge a pro-slavery advocate. Hodge, a Presbyterian minister, espoused the belief that, "slavery as such was not condemned by Scripture but that the way it was practiced in the South perpetuated great evil." Unlike Nathan Lord, Hodge did support the war effort and President Abraham Lincoln.[9] Though Gibbs was unable to graduate from the seminary, he was ordained in 1856. He was called as a pastor of Liberty Street Presbyterian Church in Troy, New York, where Henry Highland Garnet had been pastor. Gibbs invited the pro-slavery president of Dartmouth College, Nathan Lord, to give the ordination sermon. He "begged Dr. Lord as a special favor to preach his ordination sermon, giving as a reason that his college was the only (one) which would endure his presence." Lord delivered the sermon as a result of the absence of other ministers.[10]
Gibbs, by now a young minister, married Anna Amelia Harris, the daughter of a well-to-do black New York merchant and his wife. The couple had three children: Thomas Van Renssalaer Gibbs, Julia Pennington Gibbs, and Josephine Haywood Gibbs.[11]
Following his ordination, Gibbs became active in the abolitionist movement. He attended a series of black conventions where he worked with Frederick Douglass and served on committees. He gradually became known nationally for his work in the movement. Gibbs was featured in anti-slavery publications including The Liberator and the The National Anti-Slavery Standard. His rising fame was indicative of Gibbs' own ambitions as well his skills as an orator and rising abolitionist minister.[12] His growing involvement in New York's abolitionist movement separated him from his family. In part due to his extensive absences from home and his parish duties, Gibbs became increasingly alienated from his wife. Anna was accustomed to living standards that a young pastor could not afford. The tension between husband and wife prompted Gibbs to consider leaving the United States for Africa to work as a missionary. However, he was persuaded by his congregation to abandon these plans.[13] The marital discord eventually led to lengthy and bitter divorce proceedings, which lasted until 1862.[14] Not long afterward, Gibbs returned to his native Philadelphia where he continued work in the abolitionist movement.
Return to Philadelphia[edit]
Gibbs served as pastor of the First African Presbyterian Church in Philadelphia from 1859 to 1865. He became active in the abolitionist movement, "a key figure in the local underground railroad and contributed articles to the Anglo-African Magazine."[15]
Following President Abraham Lincoln's announcement of the Emancipation Proclamation, Gibbs delivered a sermon titled "Freedom's Joyful Day," emphasizing that whites should crush their prejudices and that blacks should be allowed to fight in the Civil War. Gibbs noted that, "We, the colored men of the North, put the laboring oar in your hand; it is for white men to show that they are equal to the demands of these times, by putting away their stupid prejudices."[16] He touched upon the need for blacks to fight by addressing white concerns and prejudices stating unequivocally that:


“
Many persons are asking, Will black men fight? That is not what they mean. The question they are asking is simply this: Have white men of the North the same moral courage, the pluck, the grit, to lay down their foolish prejudice against the colored man and place him in a position where he can bear his full share of the toils and dangers of this war?[17]
”


Along with William Still, Gibbs fought for equal accommodations and transportation in Philadelphia, decrying segregation of the city's rail cars. In a blunt article published in December 1864 in the National Anti-Slavery Standard, Still and Gibbs asked, "Why, then, should the fear exist that the very people who are meeting with colored people in various other directions without insulting them, should instantly become so intolerably incensed as to indicate a terrible aspect in this particular?"[18] They wrote further that:


“
It is well known that through the efforts of the Supervisory Committee of this city ten or eleven regiments of colored men have been raised for the United States service, and not a few of these brave men have already won imperishable honor on the battle-field. Nevertheless, thrice the number that have been thus raised for the defence of the country are daily and hourly compelled to endure all the outrages and inconveniences consequent upon rules so severe and inexorable as those which have hitherto governed the roads of Philadelphia.[19]
”


Gibbs' efforts in the movement to abolish slavery helped both free blacks and their enslaved brethren. As the Civil War drew to a close, Gibbs left Philadelphia, and journeyed to the South to help rebuild the former Confederate states and to educate the ex-slaves and poor whites who were left destitute in the wake of the bloody ravages of war.
Move to the South[edit]
On December 18, 1864, Gibbs announced his departure from the First African Presbyterian Church. He "was invited to go South for several months to look to the needs of Freedmen."[20] His endeavor expanded into a project of several years, as Gibbs labored alongside other missionaries as part of the American Home Missionary Society. Gibbs arrived at New Bern, North Carolina, where he wrote a letter published in The Christian Recorder. He described postwar conditions: "The destitution and suffering of this people extended my wildest dream; old men and women bending to the ground, heads white with the frosts and hardships of many winters, as well as the innocent babe of a few weeks, contribute to make up this scene of misery."[21] Gibbs eventually settled in Charleston, South Carolina, where he became established in a local church and opened a school for freedmen.
Freedmen faced uncertainty as well as great opportunities. As early as 1866 the need for missionary activities among the freedmen was mentioned prominently in The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America. The Report stated, "The condition of the freedmen, their native peculiarities, and the various influences to which they are subjected, have much to do in determining the success of missions, and the plan of the church’s operation for their benefit."[22] This same report also illuminated the perspective of Northern missionaries in dealing with the situation, saying that newly freed blacks are

"passing through 'a howling wilderness' of social, political, and religious problems, as striking and peculiar as those found by the Israelites in their journey from the 'house of bondage' to the land of their fathers. And all these problems impinge upon the work of their religious education, in every branch of it, either directly or remotely.[23]

Missionary activity in the South was not a new occurrence. The Great Awakening had been a period when many missionaries evangelized in the region. In addition, contraband camps had been set up near many forts, and some missionaries lived and worked among them. Historian Steven Hahn has noted that:


“
The missionaries and reformers, charged as many were with evangelical fervor, sought not only to strike fatal blows against the institution of slavery but also to reshape the character and morals of the institutions direct victims. Assuming, for the most part, that the slaves had emerged from an experience of degradation and cultural barbarism, they expected to teach essential lessons in the proper conduct of faith, family, health, and livelihood as well as in the rudiments of reading and writing.[24]
”


The established missionary work among freed blacks in the South was augmented by activities such as those o Gibbs. He believed in the power of education and the connection (expressed in the 1866 report) between religious duties and the task of uplifting nearly four million freedmen. In a letter to his old friend, Charles Barrett of Vermont, Gibbs proudly stated that he "had one school that daily average in Charleston, 1000, children, and some 20 teachers."[25]
During his time in South Carolina, Gibbs also became involved in Republican political activities during Reconstruction. Gibbs participated in a meeting of black delegates who drafted a petition demanding that the educated of both races be allowed to vote, suggesting he may have had some elitism. The petition also said, "we do ask that if the ignorant white man is allowed to vote, that the ignorant colored man shall be allowed to vote also."[26] Gibbs noted that, "If we can secure, for the next ten years, three clean shirts a week, a tooth brush, and spelling-book to every Freedman in South Carolina, I will go bail (a thing I seldom do) for the next hundred years, that we will have no more slavery, and both whites and blacks will be happier and better friends."[27]
During this period, Gibbs met and married his second wife, Elizabeth. They had at least once child, who died in infancy. Gibbs "remained [in Charleston] but a short time not finding things to his liking. He proceeded to Jacksonville, Florida and there opened an Academy for youth of that city."[28]
Reconstruction politician[edit]
1868 Constitutional Convention and rise to Secretary of State[edit]




The 1868 Florida Constitution, signed by Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs.


Gibbs moved to Florida in 1867 where he started a private school in Jacksonville. He rapidly shifted from missionary work to political involvement in Reconstruction Florida. Religion and politics went hand-in-hand for black officeholders in this period. Another prominent black officeholder, Charles H. Pearce, remarked that, "A man in this State, cannot do his whole duty as a minister except he looks out for the political interests of his people."[29]
Gibbs was elected to the State Constitutional Convention of 1868. He formed part of the radical Mule Team faction within the convention that initially gained control of the convention, only to be thwarted by more moderate and conservative delegates led by Harrison Reed and Ossian Bingley Hart.[30] Canter Brown, Jr. wrote of the resulting constitution that:

"While it established the state's most liberal charter to that date, it incorporated important restrictions on black political power. It permitted most former Rebels to vote, at the same time specifying a legislative apportionment plan that discriminated again black-majority counties in favor of sparsely populated white counties. The drafters retained one item especially important to black leaders. The constitution directed the legislature to create a uniform system of public schools."[31]

The Mule Team nominated its own slate of candidates, opposing the more conservative faction of Republicans that nominated Gibbs for Florida's seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. Ultimately, the Mule Team coalition fractured in the wake of the successful election of a moderate Republican administration and Congressional approval of the 1868 Constitution.
Though Gibbs did not win the election to Congress, he was appointed Florida's Secretary of State, serving from 1868 to 1872, by Wisconsin-born Republican governor, Harrison Reed. Gibbs wielded considerable power and responsibility during his four years as Secretary of State. In a letter to his close friend, Charles Barrett, Gibbs remarked that, "In 1868 I was appointed by the Governor and confirmed by the Senate, Secretary of State of Florida at a salary of $3000, per year for four years, and stand second man in the government of this State today."[32] Gibbs' power and influence contradicts some observations made by historians of this period. Eric Foner noted that, "During Reconstruction more blacks served in the essentially ceremonial office of secretary of state than any other post, and by and large, the most important political decisions in every state were made by whites."[33] However, Article VIII of the Constitution states that, "The Superintendent of Public Instruction, Secretary of State, and Attorney General shall constitute a body corporate, to be known as the Board of Education of Florida. The Superintendent of Public Instruction shall be president thereof. The duties of the Board of Education shall be prescribed by the Legislature."[34] Gibbs also was proactive as Secretary of State, conducting extensive investigations into violence and fraud (including investigations into the activities of the Ku Klux Klan) and he also served on the Board of Canvassers, testifying on behalf of Josiah Thomas Walls.
Superintendent of Public Instruction[edit]




Republican governor Marcellus Stearns greeting Harriet Beecher Stowe. Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs is visible toward one of the columns.


He was appointed Superintendent of Public Instruction in 1873. Gibbs was also commissioned as a lieutenant colonel in the Florida State Militia. Gibbs was also elected as a Tallahassee City Councilman in 1872. Gibbs was responsible for introducing legislation creating the State Normal College for Colored Students, forerunner of Florida A&M University.
Death[edit]
Gibbs died on August 14, 1874, in Tallahassee, Florida, reportedly of apoplexy (stroke).
Legacy and impact[edit]
He was the brother of prominent Arkansas Reconstruction judge Mifflin Wistar Gibbs, and the father of Thomas Van Renssalaer Gibbs, a delegate to the 1886 Florida Constitutional Convention, and a member of the Florida state legislature.

Gibbs High School, the first high school in St. Petersburg for black students, is named after him.
Gibbs Junior College (also in St. Petersburg) was named after him. The college was merged with St. Petersburg Junior College, now St. Petersburg College.

Notes[edit]

^ Leon F. Litwack, North of Slavery: The Negro in the Free States, 1790-1860 (Chicago and London: The University of Chicago Press, 1961), vii.
^ Philip S. Foner, History of Black Americans: From The Emergence of the Cotton Kingdom to the Eve of the Compromise of 1850, Vol. 2 (Westport, CT and London, Greenwood Press, 1983), 203.
^ William Pierce Randel, The Ku Klux Klan: A Century of Infamy, (Philadelphia and New York: Chilton Books, 1965), 125; Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain, (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 4; Carter G. Woodson, "The Gibbs Family", The Negro History Bulletin, Vol. XI, No. 1 (October, 1947), 3, 7.
^ Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Story of Reconstruction Florida, B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 2007), 28-29; Augustus Washington, letter published in Charter Oak, Hartford Connecticut, 1846.
^ Chesley A. Homan, From Antislavery to Proslavery: The Presidency and Resignation of Nathan Lord, B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 1996), 40; Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate, 32-34; John King Lord, A History of Dartmouth College 1815-1909, Vol. II, (Concord: The Rumford Press: 1913), 332; Leon Burr Richardson, History of Dartmouth College, Vol. II, (Brattleboro: The Stephen Daye Press, 1932), 478.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate, 37-39.
^ George E. Carter, "Antebellum Black Dartmouth Students," Dartmouth College Library Bulletin, Vol. XXI, No. 1 (November, 1980), 30; Dinnella-Borrego, 39-41; The Liberator, (February 14, 1851), 28.
^ Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 4-5; Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date). This essay was in the possession of Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy.
^ Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life And Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs c. 1828-1874, Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003), 10-11; Mark A. Noll, "Hodge, Charles," American National Biography Online, February 2000, http://www.anb.org/articles/08/08-00687.html (accessed: April 18, 2007).
^ Raymond L. Hall, "A Reaffirmation of Mission: The Saga of the Black Experience at Dartmouth," Dartmouth Alumni Magazine, vol. 79, 3 (November 1986), 6; Dinnella-Borrego, 47-48.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 49-50; Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 7; Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date), in the possession of Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 48-49; Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness", 19-20; C. Peter Ripley, et al., eds., The Black Abolitionist Papers Volume 5: The United States, 1859-1865 (Chapel Hill and London: The University of North Carolina Press, 1992), 246; "Minutes of the Colored State Convention of New York, Troy, September 4, 1855" in Philip S. Foner and George E. Walker, eds., Proceedings of the Black State Conventions, 1840-1865 (Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 1979), I, 88.; "Colored Men’s State Convention," Frederick Douglass’ Paper, September 14, 1855 in George E. Carter and C. Peter Ripley, et al. eds., Black Abolitionist Papers 1830-1865 (New York: Microfilming Corporation of America, 1981), microfilm, 9:0825. (Hereafter cited as BAP Microfilm).
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs to Jacob C. White, May 20, 1858. Jacob C. White Papers 115-1, Folder 57. (Washington D.C.: Howard University, Moorland Spingarn Research Center); Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life And Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs c. 1828-1874, Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003), 30.
^ Anna Amelia Gibbs vs. Jonathan C. Gibbs. Superior Court, New Haven Connecticut. 1857-58 (Case #24), 1860, 1862 (Case #77). (Note: the petition was brought in September 1857, the case was heard in 1858, dragged into 1860, and even into 1862 when a new trial was set for December 1862). New Haven: Connecticut State Library.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 55-56; C. Peter Ripley, The Black Abolitionist Papers, 246; "Annual Meeting of the Philadelphia Vigilant Committee," Weekly Anglo-African, February 25, 1860 in BAP Microfilm, 12:0509.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom’s Joyful Day," in Philip S. Foner and Robert James Branham, eds., Lift Every Voice: African American Oratory, 1787-1900 (Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998), 383.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom's Joyful Day," 383.
^ "Colorphobia in Philadelphia," National Anti-Slavery Standard, December 17, 1864 in BAP Microfilm, 15:0616.
^ "Colorphobia in Philadelphia," December 17, 1864 in BAP Microfilm, 15:0616.
^ Shelton B. Waters, We Have This Ministry: A History of the First African Presbyterian Church, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, The Mother Church of African American Presbyterians, (Philadelphia: The Winchell Company, 1994), 30.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Letter From Rev. J.C. Gibbs," The Christian Recorder, April 15, 1865; See also Learotha Williams, "‘Leave the pulpit and go into the…school room’: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Board of Missions for Freedmen in North and South Carolina, 1865-1866," Southern Studies: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the South, Vol. 13 No. 1/2 (Spring/Summer 2006): 89-104.
^ The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America (Pittsburgh: Jas. McMillin, 1866), 16.
^ The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen, 13.
^ Steven Hahn, A Nation Under Our Feet: Black Political Struggles in the Rural South from Slavery to the Great Migration (Cambridge and London: The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press, 2003), 74.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Letter to Charles Barrett, Grafton, Vt., Tallahassee, Fla., June 7, 1869", Rauner Special Collections Library, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire.
^ Herbert Aptheker, "South Carolina Negro Conventions, 1865," The Journal of Negro History Vol. 31, No. 1, (January 1946), 94-95; Eric Foner, Freedom’s Lawmakers: A Directory of Black Officeholders During Reconstruction (Baton Rouge and London: Louisiana State University Press, 1996), 84.
^ Leon F. Litwack, Been in the Storm So Long (New York: Vintage Books, 1980), 522; Jonathan C. Gibbs, The Christian Recorder, February 3, 1866.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date).
^ Canter Brown Jr., Florida's Black Public Officials, 1867-1924, (Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998), 4; Dorothy Dodd, "'Bishop' Pearce and the Reconstruction of Leon County", Apalachee (1946), 6.
^ Canter Brown Jr., Florida's Black Public Officials, 10-11.
^ Brown, 10-11; Jerrell H. Shofner, Nor Is It Over Yet: Florida in the Era of Reconstruction 1863-1877, (Gainesville, University of Florida Press, 1974), 184-187.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, Letter to Charles Barrett, Grafton, Vt., Tallahassee, Fla., (June 7, 1869). Rauner Special Collections Library, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire.
^ Eric Foner, Reconstruction: America’s Unfinished Revolution, 1863-1877, (New York: Perennial Classics, 1988), 354.
^ Florida Constitution, (1868). Article VIII, Sec. 9.

References[edit]
Published Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Canter Brown, Jr. Florida's Black Public Officials, 1867-1924. Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998.
Eric Foner ed. Freedom's Lawmakers: A Directory of Black Officeholders During Reconstruction. Baton Rouge and London: Louisiana State University Press, 1996.
Mifflin Wistar Gibbs Shadow and Light: An Autobiography with Reminiscences of the Last and Present Century. Lincoln and London: University of Nebraska Press, 1995.
William Peirce Randel, The Ku Klux Klan: A Century of Infamy. Philadelphia and New York: Chilton Books, 1965.
Joe M. Richardson, "Jonathan C. Gibbs: Florida's Only Negro Cabinet Member." Florida Historical Quarterly, XLII (April, 1964).
C. Peter Ripley, et al., eds. The Black Abolitionist Papers. Five Volumes. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 1992-1995.
Learotha Williams, Jr., "‘Leave the pulpit and go into the…school room’: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Board of Missions for Freedmen in North and South Carolina, 1865-1866." Southern Studies: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the South, Vol. 13 No. 1/2 (Spring/Summer 2006): 89-104.

Unpublished Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Story of Reconstruction Florida. B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 2007).
Chesley A. Homan, From Antislavery to Proslavery: The Presidency and Resignation of Nathan Lord. B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 1996).
Learotha Williams, Jr.,"A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life and Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs, c. 1828–1874. Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003).

Internet Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs
Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs, "The Great Commission", October 22, 1856
Our Philadelphia Letter. Lecture at the Institute for Colored Youth, Weekly Anglo-African, March 16, 1861
(1863) Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom's Joyful Day"
Gibbs High School Homepage
St. Petersburg College/Gibbs Campus Homepage



Political offices


Preceded by
George J. Alden
Secretary of State of Florida
1868–1873
Succeeded by
Samuel B. Mclin






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jonathan_Clarkson_Gibbs&oldid=777377857"					
Categories: 1821 births1874 deathsAfrican-American people in Florida politicsDartmouth College alumniPeople associated with the history of African-American civil rightsHistory of civil rights in the United StatesPeople of American ReconstructionFlorida city council membersSecretaries of State of FloridaFlorida Commissioners of EducationFlorida Republicans19th-century American politiciansAfrican-American politicians during the Reconstruction period 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Italiano 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 April 2017, at 20:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs - Wikipedia






















 






Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Jonathan C. Gibbs)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs








Secretary of State and Superintendent of Public Instruction


In office
1868 to 1872, 1873 to 1874


Preceded by
George J. Alden, Charles Beecher


Succeeded by
Samuel B. Mclin, William Watkin Hicks





Personal details


Born
September 28, 1821
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania


Died
August 14, 1874(1874-08-14) (aged 52)
Tallahassee, Florida


Nationality
American


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Anna Amelia Harris, (divorced), and Elizabeth F. Gibbs









Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs, II (September 28, 1821 – August 14, 1874) was a Presbyterian minister and a prominent African-American officeholder during Reconstruction. He served as the first black Secretary of State and Superintendent of Public Instruction of Florida, and along with Josiah Thomas Walls, US Congressman from Florida, was among the most powerful black officeholders in the state during Reconstruction.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Philadelphia
1.2 New Hampshire


2 Abolitionist minister

2.1 New York and the Abolitionist Movement
2.2 Return to Philadelphia
2.3 Move to the South


3 Reconstruction politician

3.1 1868 Constitutional Convention and rise to Secretary of State
3.2 Superintendent of Public Instruction


4 Death
5 Legacy and impact
6 Notes
7 References



Early life[edit]
Philadelphia[edit]
Gibbs was born free in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on September 28, 1821. His father was Reverend Jonathan Gibbs I, a Methodist minister, and his mother Maria Jackson was a Baptist. Jonathan C. Gibbs II was the oldest of four children born to the couple. He grew up in Philadelphia during a time when the city was rife with anti-black and anti-abolitionist sentiments. Many white Northerners during this period practiced both white superiority and discrimination against blacks.[1] Gibbs and his brother, Mifflin, attended the local Free School in Philadelphia.
Though not much is known about the details of his early life, Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs grew up in a Philadelphia where anti-black riots and violence were quite common.[2] Following the death of his father in April 1831, Gibbs and his brother left the Free School to aid their ailing mother and earn a living. The young Gibbs apprenticed to a carpenter. Both brothers eventually converted to Presbyterianism. Gibbs impressed the Presbyterian assembly such that the Assembly provided financial backing for him to attend Kimball Union Academy in Meriden, New Hampshire.[3]
New Hampshire[edit]
Gibbs attended Kimball Union Academy at Meriden, New Hampshire, and graduated in 1848. At the time, the academy was under the guidance of abolitionist principal, Cyrus Smith Richards, who had earlier allowed Augustus Washington (who would also attend Dartmouth) to study at the academy. Washington is best known for a famous daguerreotype of John Brown.[4] At KUA, Gibbs became acquainted with Charles Barrett, a native of Grafton, Vermont, who would become one of his closest friends. The two went on to Dartmouth College, and later, Barrett returned to his native Vermont and served in politics.
While Gibbs was a student, Dartmouth was under the presidency of pro-slavery Nathan Lord. Lord was originally an anti-slavery advocate who had voted for the Liberty Party and had written editorials in The Liberator. His sudden conversion was due to his conservative brand of Calvinism, he felt that reformers may have been going too far in their zeal against slavery. Despite the president's views regarding slavery, which stemmed in large part from his belief that the institution was predicated on sin, Lord permitted several African Americans to attend the college. Lord believed that any group of people who sinned against God could be enslaved (including whites).[5]
While at the college, Gibbs was influenced by three professors who would affect his thinking as a missionary, educator and politician.[6] He was a member of the abolitionist movement while a college student, and participated in several conventions, appearing by name in The Liberator.[7]
He was the third African American to graduate from Dartmouth College. Following John Brown Russwurm, Gibbs became the second black man in the nation to deliver a commencement address at a college.
Abolitionist minister[edit]
New York and the Abolitionist Movement[edit]
Following his graduation in 1852, Gibbs studied at Princeton Theological Seminary from 1853 to 1854 but did not graduate due to financial constraints.[8] At the seminary, Gibbs studied under Charles Hodge a pro-slavery advocate. Hodge, a Presbyterian minister, espoused the belief that, "slavery as such was not condemned by Scripture but that the way it was practiced in the South perpetuated great evil." Unlike Nathan Lord, Hodge did support the war effort and President Abraham Lincoln.[9] Though Gibbs was unable to graduate from the seminary, he was ordained in 1856. He was called as a pastor of Liberty Street Presbyterian Church in Troy, New York, where Henry Highland Garnet had been pastor. Gibbs invited the pro-slavery president of Dartmouth College, Nathan Lord, to give the ordination sermon. He "begged Dr. Lord as a special favor to preach his ordination sermon, giving as a reason that his college was the only (one) which would endure his presence." Lord delivered the sermon as a result of the absence of other ministers.[10]
Gibbs, by now a young minister, married Anna Amelia Harris, the daughter of a well-to-do black New York merchant and his wife. The couple had three children: Thomas Van Renssalaer Gibbs, Julia Pennington Gibbs, and Josephine Haywood Gibbs.[11]
Following his ordination, Gibbs became active in the abolitionist movement. He attended a series of black conventions where he worked with Frederick Douglass and served on committees. He gradually became known nationally for his work in the movement. Gibbs was featured in anti-slavery publications including The Liberator and the The National Anti-Slavery Standard. His rising fame was indicative of Gibbs' own ambitions as well his skills as an orator and rising abolitionist minister.[12] His growing involvement in New York's abolitionist movement separated him from his family. In part due to his extensive absences from home and his parish duties, Gibbs became increasingly alienated from his wife. Anna was accustomed to living standards that a young pastor could not afford. The tension between husband and wife prompted Gibbs to consider leaving the United States for Africa to work as a missionary. However, he was persuaded by his congregation to abandon these plans.[13] The marital discord eventually led to lengthy and bitter divorce proceedings, which lasted until 1862.[14] Not long afterward, Gibbs returned to his native Philadelphia where he continued work in the abolitionist movement.
Return to Philadelphia[edit]
Gibbs served as pastor of the First African Presbyterian Church in Philadelphia from 1859 to 1865. He became active in the abolitionist movement, "a key figure in the local underground railroad and contributed articles to the Anglo-African Magazine."[15]
Following President Abraham Lincoln's announcement of the Emancipation Proclamation, Gibbs delivered a sermon titled "Freedom's Joyful Day," emphasizing that whites should crush their prejudices and that blacks should be allowed to fight in the Civil War. Gibbs noted that, "We, the colored men of the North, put the laboring oar in your hand; it is for white men to show that they are equal to the demands of these times, by putting away their stupid prejudices."[16] He touched upon the need for blacks to fight by addressing white concerns and prejudices stating unequivocally that:


“
Many persons are asking, Will black men fight? That is not what they mean. The question they are asking is simply this: Have white men of the North the same moral courage, the pluck, the grit, to lay down their foolish prejudice against the colored man and place him in a position where he can bear his full share of the toils and dangers of this war?[17]
”


Along with William Still, Gibbs fought for equal accommodations and transportation in Philadelphia, decrying segregation of the city's rail cars. In a blunt article published in December 1864 in the National Anti-Slavery Standard, Still and Gibbs asked, "Why, then, should the fear exist that the very people who are meeting with colored people in various other directions without insulting them, should instantly become so intolerably incensed as to indicate a terrible aspect in this particular?"[18] They wrote further that:


“
It is well known that through the efforts of the Supervisory Committee of this city ten or eleven regiments of colored men have been raised for the United States service, and not a few of these brave men have already won imperishable honor on the battle-field. Nevertheless, thrice the number that have been thus raised for the defence of the country are daily and hourly compelled to endure all the outrages and inconveniences consequent upon rules so severe and inexorable as those which have hitherto governed the roads of Philadelphia.[19]
”


Gibbs' efforts in the movement to abolish slavery helped both free blacks and their enslaved brethren. As the Civil War drew to a close, Gibbs left Philadelphia, and journeyed to the South to help rebuild the former Confederate states and to educate the ex-slaves and poor whites who were left destitute in the wake of the bloody ravages of war.
Move to the South[edit]
On December 18, 1864, Gibbs announced his departure from the First African Presbyterian Church. He "was invited to go South for several months to look to the needs of Freedmen."[20] His endeavor expanded into a project of several years, as Gibbs labored alongside other missionaries as part of the American Home Missionary Society. Gibbs arrived at New Bern, North Carolina, where he wrote a letter published in The Christian Recorder. He described postwar conditions: "The destitution and suffering of this people extended my wildest dream; old men and women bending to the ground, heads white with the frosts and hardships of many winters, as well as the innocent babe of a few weeks, contribute to make up this scene of misery."[21] Gibbs eventually settled in Charleston, South Carolina, where he became established in a local church and opened a school for freedmen.
Freedmen faced uncertainty as well as great opportunities. As early as 1866 the need for missionary activities among the freedmen was mentioned prominently in The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America. The Report stated, "The condition of the freedmen, their native peculiarities, and the various influences to which they are subjected, have much to do in determining the success of missions, and the plan of the church’s operation for their benefit."[22] This same report also illuminated the perspective of Northern missionaries in dealing with the situation, saying that newly freed blacks are

"passing through 'a howling wilderness' of social, political, and religious problems, as striking and peculiar as those found by the Israelites in their journey from the 'house of bondage' to the land of their fathers. And all these problems impinge upon the work of their religious education, in every branch of it, either directly or remotely.[23]

Missionary activity in the South was not a new occurrence. The Great Awakening had been a period when many missionaries evangelized in the region. In addition, contraband camps had been set up near many forts, and some missionaries lived and worked among them. Historian Steven Hahn has noted that:


“
The missionaries and reformers, charged as many were with evangelical fervor, sought not only to strike fatal blows against the institution of slavery but also to reshape the character and morals of the institutions direct victims. Assuming, for the most part, that the slaves had emerged from an experience of degradation and cultural barbarism, they expected to teach essential lessons in the proper conduct of faith, family, health, and livelihood as well as in the rudiments of reading and writing.[24]
”


The established missionary work among freed blacks in the South was augmented by activities such as those o Gibbs. He believed in the power of education and the connection (expressed in the 1866 report) between religious duties and the task of uplifting nearly four million freedmen. In a letter to his old friend, Charles Barrett of Vermont, Gibbs proudly stated that he "had one school that daily average in Charleston, 1000, children, and some 20 teachers."[25]
During his time in South Carolina, Gibbs also became involved in Republican political activities during Reconstruction. Gibbs participated in a meeting of black delegates who drafted a petition demanding that the educated of both races be allowed to vote, suggesting he may have had some elitism. The petition also said, "we do ask that if the ignorant white man is allowed to vote, that the ignorant colored man shall be allowed to vote also."[26] Gibbs noted that, "If we can secure, for the next ten years, three clean shirts a week, a tooth brush, and spelling-book to every Freedman in South Carolina, I will go bail (a thing I seldom do) for the next hundred years, that we will have no more slavery, and both whites and blacks will be happier and better friends."[27]
During this period, Gibbs met and married his second wife, Elizabeth. They had at least once child, who died in infancy. Gibbs "remained [in Charleston] but a short time not finding things to his liking. He proceeded to Jacksonville, Florida and there opened an Academy for youth of that city."[28]
Reconstruction politician[edit]
1868 Constitutional Convention and rise to Secretary of State[edit]




The 1868 Florida Constitution, signed by Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs.


Gibbs moved to Florida in 1867 where he started a private school in Jacksonville. He rapidly shifted from missionary work to political involvement in Reconstruction Florida. Religion and politics went hand-in-hand for black officeholders in this period. Another prominent black officeholder, Charles H. Pearce, remarked that, "A man in this State, cannot do his whole duty as a minister except he looks out for the political interests of his people."[29]
Gibbs was elected to the State Constitutional Convention of 1868. He formed part of the radical Mule Team faction within the convention that initially gained control of the convention, only to be thwarted by more moderate and conservative delegates led by Harrison Reed and Ossian Bingley Hart.[30] Canter Brown, Jr. wrote of the resulting constitution that:

"While it established the state's most liberal charter to that date, it incorporated important restrictions on black political power. It permitted most former Rebels to vote, at the same time specifying a legislative apportionment plan that discriminated again black-majority counties in favor of sparsely populated white counties. The drafters retained one item especially important to black leaders. The constitution directed the legislature to create a uniform system of public schools."[31]

The Mule Team nominated its own slate of candidates, opposing the more conservative faction of Republicans that nominated Gibbs for Florida's seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. Ultimately, the Mule Team coalition fractured in the wake of the successful election of a moderate Republican administration and Congressional approval of the 1868 Constitution.
Though Gibbs did not win the election to Congress, he was appointed Florida's Secretary of State, serving from 1868 to 1872, by Wisconsin-born Republican governor, Harrison Reed. Gibbs wielded considerable power and responsibility during his four years as Secretary of State. In a letter to his close friend, Charles Barrett, Gibbs remarked that, "In 1868 I was appointed by the Governor and confirmed by the Senate, Secretary of State of Florida at a salary of $3000, per year for four years, and stand second man in the government of this State today."[32] Gibbs' power and influence contradicts some observations made by historians of this period. Eric Foner noted that, "During Reconstruction more blacks served in the essentially ceremonial office of secretary of state than any other post, and by and large, the most important political decisions in every state were made by whites."[33] However, Article VIII of the Constitution states that, "The Superintendent of Public Instruction, Secretary of State, and Attorney General shall constitute a body corporate, to be known as the Board of Education of Florida. The Superintendent of Public Instruction shall be president thereof. The duties of the Board of Education shall be prescribed by the Legislature."[34] Gibbs also was proactive as Secretary of State, conducting extensive investigations into violence and fraud (including investigations into the activities of the Ku Klux Klan) and he also served on the Board of Canvassers, testifying on behalf of Josiah Thomas Walls.
Superintendent of Public Instruction[edit]




Republican governor Marcellus Stearns greeting Harriet Beecher Stowe. Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs is visible toward one of the columns.


He was appointed Superintendent of Public Instruction in 1873. Gibbs was also commissioned as a lieutenant colonel in the Florida State Militia. Gibbs was also elected as a Tallahassee City Councilman in 1872. Gibbs was responsible for introducing legislation creating the State Normal College for Colored Students, forerunner of Florida A&M University.
Death[edit]
Gibbs died on August 14, 1874, in Tallahassee, Florida, reportedly of apoplexy (stroke).
Legacy and impact[edit]
He was the brother of prominent Arkansas Reconstruction judge Mifflin Wistar Gibbs, and the father of Thomas Van Renssalaer Gibbs, a delegate to the 1886 Florida Constitutional Convention, and a member of the Florida state legislature.

Gibbs High School, the first high school in St. Petersburg for black students, is named after him.
Gibbs Junior College (also in St. Petersburg) was named after him. The college was merged with St. Petersburg Junior College, now St. Petersburg College.

Notes[edit]

^ Leon F. Litwack, North of Slavery: The Negro in the Free States, 1790-1860 (Chicago and London: The University of Chicago Press, 1961), vii.
^ Philip S. Foner, History of Black Americans: From The Emergence of the Cotton Kingdom to the Eve of the Compromise of 1850, Vol. 2 (Westport, CT and London, Greenwood Press, 1983), 203.
^ William Pierce Randel, The Ku Klux Klan: A Century of Infamy, (Philadelphia and New York: Chilton Books, 1965), 125; Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain, (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 4; Carter G. Woodson, "The Gibbs Family", The Negro History Bulletin, Vol. XI, No. 1 (October, 1947), 3, 7.
^ Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Story of Reconstruction Florida, B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 2007), 28-29; Augustus Washington, letter published in Charter Oak, Hartford Connecticut, 1846.
^ Chesley A. Homan, From Antislavery to Proslavery: The Presidency and Resignation of Nathan Lord, B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 1996), 40; Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate, 32-34; John King Lord, A History of Dartmouth College 1815-1909, Vol. II, (Concord: The Rumford Press: 1913), 332; Leon Burr Richardson, History of Dartmouth College, Vol. II, (Brattleboro: The Stephen Daye Press, 1932), 478.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate, 37-39.
^ George E. Carter, "Antebellum Black Dartmouth Students," Dartmouth College Library Bulletin, Vol. XXI, No. 1 (November, 1980), 30; Dinnella-Borrego, 39-41; The Liberator, (February 14, 1851), 28.
^ Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 4-5; Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date). This essay was in the possession of Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy.
^ Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life And Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs c. 1828-1874, Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003), 10-11; Mark A. Noll, "Hodge, Charles," American National Biography Online, February 2000, http://www.anb.org/articles/08/08-00687.html (accessed: April 18, 2007).
^ Raymond L. Hall, "A Reaffirmation of Mission: The Saga of the Black Experience at Dartmouth," Dartmouth Alumni Magazine, vol. 79, 3 (November 1986), 6; Dinnella-Borrego, 47-48.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 49-50; Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 7; Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date), in the possession of Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 48-49; Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness", 19-20; C. Peter Ripley, et al., eds., The Black Abolitionist Papers Volume 5: The United States, 1859-1865 (Chapel Hill and London: The University of North Carolina Press, 1992), 246; "Minutes of the Colored State Convention of New York, Troy, September 4, 1855" in Philip S. Foner and George E. Walker, eds., Proceedings of the Black State Conventions, 1840-1865 (Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 1979), I, 88.; "Colored Men’s State Convention," Frederick Douglass’ Paper, September 14, 1855 in George E. Carter and C. Peter Ripley, et al. eds., Black Abolitionist Papers 1830-1865 (New York: Microfilming Corporation of America, 1981), microfilm, 9:0825. (Hereafter cited as BAP Microfilm).
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs to Jacob C. White, May 20, 1858. Jacob C. White Papers 115-1, Folder 57. (Washington D.C.: Howard University, Moorland Spingarn Research Center); Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life And Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs c. 1828-1874, Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003), 30.
^ Anna Amelia Gibbs vs. Jonathan C. Gibbs. Superior Court, New Haven Connecticut. 1857-58 (Case #24), 1860, 1862 (Case #77). (Note: the petition was brought in September 1857, the case was heard in 1858, dragged into 1860, and even into 1862 when a new trial was set for December 1862). New Haven: Connecticut State Library.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 55-56; C. Peter Ripley, The Black Abolitionist Papers, 246; "Annual Meeting of the Philadelphia Vigilant Committee," Weekly Anglo-African, February 25, 1860 in BAP Microfilm, 12:0509.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom’s Joyful Day," in Philip S. Foner and Robert James Branham, eds., Lift Every Voice: African American Oratory, 1787-1900 (Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998), 383.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom's Joyful Day," 383.
^ "Colorphobia in Philadelphia," National Anti-Slavery Standard, December 17, 1864 in BAP Microfilm, 15:0616.
^ "Colorphobia in Philadelphia," December 17, 1864 in BAP Microfilm, 15:0616.
^ Shelton B. Waters, We Have This Ministry: A History of the First African Presbyterian Church, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, The Mother Church of African American Presbyterians, (Philadelphia: The Winchell Company, 1994), 30.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Letter From Rev. J.C. Gibbs," The Christian Recorder, April 15, 1865; See also Learotha Williams, "‘Leave the pulpit and go into the…school room’: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Board of Missions for Freedmen in North and South Carolina, 1865-1866," Southern Studies: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the South, Vol. 13 No. 1/2 (Spring/Summer 2006): 89-104.
^ The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America (Pittsburgh: Jas. McMillin, 1866), 16.
^ The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen, 13.
^ Steven Hahn, A Nation Under Our Feet: Black Political Struggles in the Rural South from Slavery to the Great Migration (Cambridge and London: The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press, 2003), 74.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Letter to Charles Barrett, Grafton, Vt., Tallahassee, Fla., June 7, 1869", Rauner Special Collections Library, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire.
^ Herbert Aptheker, "South Carolina Negro Conventions, 1865," The Journal of Negro History Vol. 31, No. 1, (January 1946), 94-95; Eric Foner, Freedom’s Lawmakers: A Directory of Black Officeholders During Reconstruction (Baton Rouge and London: Louisiana State University Press, 1996), 84.
^ Leon F. Litwack, Been in the Storm So Long (New York: Vintage Books, 1980), 522; Jonathan C. Gibbs, The Christian Recorder, February 3, 1866.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date).
^ Canter Brown Jr., Florida's Black Public Officials, 1867-1924, (Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998), 4; Dorothy Dodd, "'Bishop' Pearce and the Reconstruction of Leon County", Apalachee (1946), 6.
^ Canter Brown Jr., Florida's Black Public Officials, 10-11.
^ Brown, 10-11; Jerrell H. Shofner, Nor Is It Over Yet: Florida in the Era of Reconstruction 1863-1877, (Gainesville, University of Florida Press, 1974), 184-187.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, Letter to Charles Barrett, Grafton, Vt., Tallahassee, Fla., (June 7, 1869). Rauner Special Collections Library, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire.
^ Eric Foner, Reconstruction: America’s Unfinished Revolution, 1863-1877, (New York: Perennial Classics, 1988), 354.
^ Florida Constitution, (1868). Article VIII, Sec. 9.

References[edit]
Published Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Canter Brown, Jr. Florida's Black Public Officials, 1867-1924. Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998.
Eric Foner ed. Freedom's Lawmakers: A Directory of Black Officeholders During Reconstruction. Baton Rouge and London: Louisiana State University Press, 1996.
Mifflin Wistar Gibbs Shadow and Light: An Autobiography with Reminiscences of the Last and Present Century. Lincoln and London: University of Nebraska Press, 1995.
William Peirce Randel, The Ku Klux Klan: A Century of Infamy. Philadelphia and New York: Chilton Books, 1965.
Joe M. Richardson, "Jonathan C. Gibbs: Florida's Only Negro Cabinet Member." Florida Historical Quarterly, XLII (April, 1964).
C. Peter Ripley, et al., eds. The Black Abolitionist Papers. Five Volumes. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 1992-1995.
Learotha Williams, Jr., "‘Leave the pulpit and go into the…school room’: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Board of Missions for Freedmen in North and South Carolina, 1865-1866." Southern Studies: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the South, Vol. 13 No. 1/2 (Spring/Summer 2006): 89-104.

Unpublished Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Story of Reconstruction Florida. B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 2007).
Chesley A. Homan, From Antislavery to Proslavery: The Presidency and Resignation of Nathan Lord. B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 1996).
Learotha Williams, Jr.,"A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life and Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs, c. 1828–1874. Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003).

Internet Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs
Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs, "The Great Commission", October 22, 1856
Our Philadelphia Letter. Lecture at the Institute for Colored Youth, Weekly Anglo-African, March 16, 1861
(1863) Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom's Joyful Day"
Gibbs High School Homepage
St. Petersburg College/Gibbs Campus Homepage



Political offices


Preceded by
George J. Alden
Secretary of State of Florida
1868–1873
Succeeded by
Samuel B. Mclin






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jonathan_Clarkson_Gibbs&oldid=777377857"					
Categories: 1821 births1874 deathsAfrican-American people in Florida politicsDartmouth College alumniPeople associated with the history of African-American civil rightsHistory of civil rights in the United StatesPeople of American ReconstructionFlorida city council membersSecretaries of State of FloridaFlorida Commissioners of EducationFlorida Republicans19th-century American politiciansAfrican-American politicians during the Reconstruction period 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Italiano 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 April 2017, at 20:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs - Wikipedia






















 






Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Jonathan C. Gibbs)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs








Secretary of State and Superintendent of Public Instruction


In office
1868 to 1872, 1873 to 1874


Preceded by
George J. Alden, Charles Beecher


Succeeded by
Samuel B. Mclin, William Watkin Hicks





Personal details


Born
September 28, 1821
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania


Died
August 14, 1874(1874-08-14) (aged 52)
Tallahassee, Florida


Nationality
American


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Anna Amelia Harris, (divorced), and Elizabeth F. Gibbs









Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs, II (September 28, 1821 – August 14, 1874) was a Presbyterian minister and a prominent African-American officeholder during Reconstruction. He served as the first black Secretary of State and Superintendent of Public Instruction of Florida, and along with Josiah Thomas Walls, US Congressman from Florida, was among the most powerful black officeholders in the state during Reconstruction.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Philadelphia
1.2 New Hampshire


2 Abolitionist minister

2.1 New York and the Abolitionist Movement
2.2 Return to Philadelphia
2.3 Move to the South


3 Reconstruction politician

3.1 1868 Constitutional Convention and rise to Secretary of State
3.2 Superintendent of Public Instruction


4 Death
5 Legacy and impact
6 Notes
7 References



Early life[edit]
Philadelphia[edit]
Gibbs was born free in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on September 28, 1821. His father was Reverend Jonathan Gibbs I, a Methodist minister, and his mother Maria Jackson was a Baptist. Jonathan C. Gibbs II was the oldest of four children born to the couple. He grew up in Philadelphia during a time when the city was rife with anti-black and anti-abolitionist sentiments. Many white Northerners during this period practiced both white superiority and discrimination against blacks.[1] Gibbs and his brother, Mifflin, attended the local Free School in Philadelphia.
Though not much is known about the details of his early life, Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs grew up in a Philadelphia where anti-black riots and violence were quite common.[2] Following the death of his father in April 1831, Gibbs and his brother left the Free School to aid their ailing mother and earn a living. The young Gibbs apprenticed to a carpenter. Both brothers eventually converted to Presbyterianism. Gibbs impressed the Presbyterian assembly such that the Assembly provided financial backing for him to attend Kimball Union Academy in Meriden, New Hampshire.[3]
New Hampshire[edit]
Gibbs attended Kimball Union Academy at Meriden, New Hampshire, and graduated in 1848. At the time, the academy was under the guidance of abolitionist principal, Cyrus Smith Richards, who had earlier allowed Augustus Washington (who would also attend Dartmouth) to study at the academy. Washington is best known for a famous daguerreotype of John Brown.[4] At KUA, Gibbs became acquainted with Charles Barrett, a native of Grafton, Vermont, who would become one of his closest friends. The two went on to Dartmouth College, and later, Barrett returned to his native Vermont and served in politics.
While Gibbs was a student, Dartmouth was under the presidency of pro-slavery Nathan Lord. Lord was originally an anti-slavery advocate who had voted for the Liberty Party and had written editorials in The Liberator. His sudden conversion was due to his conservative brand of Calvinism, he felt that reformers may have been going too far in their zeal against slavery. Despite the president's views regarding slavery, which stemmed in large part from his belief that the institution was predicated on sin, Lord permitted several African Americans to attend the college. Lord believed that any group of people who sinned against God could be enslaved (including whites).[5]
While at the college, Gibbs was influenced by three professors who would affect his thinking as a missionary, educator and politician.[6] He was a member of the abolitionist movement while a college student, and participated in several conventions, appearing by name in The Liberator.[7]
He was the third African American to graduate from Dartmouth College. Following John Brown Russwurm, Gibbs became the second black man in the nation to deliver a commencement address at a college.
Abolitionist minister[edit]
New York and the Abolitionist Movement[edit]
Following his graduation in 1852, Gibbs studied at Princeton Theological Seminary from 1853 to 1854 but did not graduate due to financial constraints.[8] At the seminary, Gibbs studied under Charles Hodge a pro-slavery advocate. Hodge, a Presbyterian minister, espoused the belief that, "slavery as such was not condemned by Scripture but that the way it was practiced in the South perpetuated great evil." Unlike Nathan Lord, Hodge did support the war effort and President Abraham Lincoln.[9] Though Gibbs was unable to graduate from the seminary, he was ordained in 1856. He was called as a pastor of Liberty Street Presbyterian Church in Troy, New York, where Henry Highland Garnet had been pastor. Gibbs invited the pro-slavery president of Dartmouth College, Nathan Lord, to give the ordination sermon. He "begged Dr. Lord as a special favor to preach his ordination sermon, giving as a reason that his college was the only (one) which would endure his presence." Lord delivered the sermon as a result of the absence of other ministers.[10]
Gibbs, by now a young minister, married Anna Amelia Harris, the daughter of a well-to-do black New York merchant and his wife. The couple had three children: Thomas Van Renssalaer Gibbs, Julia Pennington Gibbs, and Josephine Haywood Gibbs.[11]
Following his ordination, Gibbs became active in the abolitionist movement. He attended a series of black conventions where he worked with Frederick Douglass and served on committees. He gradually became known nationally for his work in the movement. Gibbs was featured in anti-slavery publications including The Liberator and the The National Anti-Slavery Standard. His rising fame was indicative of Gibbs' own ambitions as well his skills as an orator and rising abolitionist minister.[12] His growing involvement in New York's abolitionist movement separated him from his family. In part due to his extensive absences from home and his parish duties, Gibbs became increasingly alienated from his wife. Anna was accustomed to living standards that a young pastor could not afford. The tension between husband and wife prompted Gibbs to consider leaving the United States for Africa to work as a missionary. However, he was persuaded by his congregation to abandon these plans.[13] The marital discord eventually led to lengthy and bitter divorce proceedings, which lasted until 1862.[14] Not long afterward, Gibbs returned to his native Philadelphia where he continued work in the abolitionist movement.
Return to Philadelphia[edit]
Gibbs served as pastor of the First African Presbyterian Church in Philadelphia from 1859 to 1865. He became active in the abolitionist movement, "a key figure in the local underground railroad and contributed articles to the Anglo-African Magazine."[15]
Following President Abraham Lincoln's announcement of the Emancipation Proclamation, Gibbs delivered a sermon titled "Freedom's Joyful Day," emphasizing that whites should crush their prejudices and that blacks should be allowed to fight in the Civil War. Gibbs noted that, "We, the colored men of the North, put the laboring oar in your hand; it is for white men to show that they are equal to the demands of these times, by putting away their stupid prejudices."[16] He touched upon the need for blacks to fight by addressing white concerns and prejudices stating unequivocally that:


“
Many persons are asking, Will black men fight? That is not what they mean. The question they are asking is simply this: Have white men of the North the same moral courage, the pluck, the grit, to lay down their foolish prejudice against the colored man and place him in a position where he can bear his full share of the toils and dangers of this war?[17]
”


Along with William Still, Gibbs fought for equal accommodations and transportation in Philadelphia, decrying segregation of the city's rail cars. In a blunt article published in December 1864 in the National Anti-Slavery Standard, Still and Gibbs asked, "Why, then, should the fear exist that the very people who are meeting with colored people in various other directions without insulting them, should instantly become so intolerably incensed as to indicate a terrible aspect in this particular?"[18] They wrote further that:


“
It is well known that through the efforts of the Supervisory Committee of this city ten or eleven regiments of colored men have been raised for the United States service, and not a few of these brave men have already won imperishable honor on the battle-field. Nevertheless, thrice the number that have been thus raised for the defence of the country are daily and hourly compelled to endure all the outrages and inconveniences consequent upon rules so severe and inexorable as those which have hitherto governed the roads of Philadelphia.[19]
”


Gibbs' efforts in the movement to abolish slavery helped both free blacks and their enslaved brethren. As the Civil War drew to a close, Gibbs left Philadelphia, and journeyed to the South to help rebuild the former Confederate states and to educate the ex-slaves and poor whites who were left destitute in the wake of the bloody ravages of war.
Move to the South[edit]
On December 18, 1864, Gibbs announced his departure from the First African Presbyterian Church. He "was invited to go South for several months to look to the needs of Freedmen."[20] His endeavor expanded into a project of several years, as Gibbs labored alongside other missionaries as part of the American Home Missionary Society. Gibbs arrived at New Bern, North Carolina, where he wrote a letter published in The Christian Recorder. He described postwar conditions: "The destitution and suffering of this people extended my wildest dream; old men and women bending to the ground, heads white with the frosts and hardships of many winters, as well as the innocent babe of a few weeks, contribute to make up this scene of misery."[21] Gibbs eventually settled in Charleston, South Carolina, where he became established in a local church and opened a school for freedmen.
Freedmen faced uncertainty as well as great opportunities. As early as 1866 the need for missionary activities among the freedmen was mentioned prominently in The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America. The Report stated, "The condition of the freedmen, their native peculiarities, and the various influences to which they are subjected, have much to do in determining the success of missions, and the plan of the church’s operation for their benefit."[22] This same report also illuminated the perspective of Northern missionaries in dealing with the situation, saying that newly freed blacks are

"passing through 'a howling wilderness' of social, political, and religious problems, as striking and peculiar as those found by the Israelites in their journey from the 'house of bondage' to the land of their fathers. And all these problems impinge upon the work of their religious education, in every branch of it, either directly or remotely.[23]

Missionary activity in the South was not a new occurrence. The Great Awakening had been a period when many missionaries evangelized in the region. In addition, contraband camps had been set up near many forts, and some missionaries lived and worked among them. Historian Steven Hahn has noted that:


“
The missionaries and reformers, charged as many were with evangelical fervor, sought not only to strike fatal blows against the institution of slavery but also to reshape the character and morals of the institutions direct victims. Assuming, for the most part, that the slaves had emerged from an experience of degradation and cultural barbarism, they expected to teach essential lessons in the proper conduct of faith, family, health, and livelihood as well as in the rudiments of reading and writing.[24]
”


The established missionary work among freed blacks in the South was augmented by activities such as those o Gibbs. He believed in the power of education and the connection (expressed in the 1866 report) between religious duties and the task of uplifting nearly four million freedmen. In a letter to his old friend, Charles Barrett of Vermont, Gibbs proudly stated that he "had one school that daily average in Charleston, 1000, children, and some 20 teachers."[25]
During his time in South Carolina, Gibbs also became involved in Republican political activities during Reconstruction. Gibbs participated in a meeting of black delegates who drafted a petition demanding that the educated of both races be allowed to vote, suggesting he may have had some elitism. The petition also said, "we do ask that if the ignorant white man is allowed to vote, that the ignorant colored man shall be allowed to vote also."[26] Gibbs noted that, "If we can secure, for the next ten years, three clean shirts a week, a tooth brush, and spelling-book to every Freedman in South Carolina, I will go bail (a thing I seldom do) for the next hundred years, that we will have no more slavery, and both whites and blacks will be happier and better friends."[27]
During this period, Gibbs met and married his second wife, Elizabeth. They had at least once child, who died in infancy. Gibbs "remained [in Charleston] but a short time not finding things to his liking. He proceeded to Jacksonville, Florida and there opened an Academy for youth of that city."[28]
Reconstruction politician[edit]
1868 Constitutional Convention and rise to Secretary of State[edit]




The 1868 Florida Constitution, signed by Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs.


Gibbs moved to Florida in 1867 where he started a private school in Jacksonville. He rapidly shifted from missionary work to political involvement in Reconstruction Florida. Religion and politics went hand-in-hand for black officeholders in this period. Another prominent black officeholder, Charles H. Pearce, remarked that, "A man in this State, cannot do his whole duty as a minister except he looks out for the political interests of his people."[29]
Gibbs was elected to the State Constitutional Convention of 1868. He formed part of the radical Mule Team faction within the convention that initially gained control of the convention, only to be thwarted by more moderate and conservative delegates led by Harrison Reed and Ossian Bingley Hart.[30] Canter Brown, Jr. wrote of the resulting constitution that:

"While it established the state's most liberal charter to that date, it incorporated important restrictions on black political power. It permitted most former Rebels to vote, at the same time specifying a legislative apportionment plan that discriminated again black-majority counties in favor of sparsely populated white counties. The drafters retained one item especially important to black leaders. The constitution directed the legislature to create a uniform system of public schools."[31]

The Mule Team nominated its own slate of candidates, opposing the more conservative faction of Republicans that nominated Gibbs for Florida's seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. Ultimately, the Mule Team coalition fractured in the wake of the successful election of a moderate Republican administration and Congressional approval of the 1868 Constitution.
Though Gibbs did not win the election to Congress, he was appointed Florida's Secretary of State, serving from 1868 to 1872, by Wisconsin-born Republican governor, Harrison Reed. Gibbs wielded considerable power and responsibility during his four years as Secretary of State. In a letter to his close friend, Charles Barrett, Gibbs remarked that, "In 1868 I was appointed by the Governor and confirmed by the Senate, Secretary of State of Florida at a salary of $3000, per year for four years, and stand second man in the government of this State today."[32] Gibbs' power and influence contradicts some observations made by historians of this period. Eric Foner noted that, "During Reconstruction more blacks served in the essentially ceremonial office of secretary of state than any other post, and by and large, the most important political decisions in every state were made by whites."[33] However, Article VIII of the Constitution states that, "The Superintendent of Public Instruction, Secretary of State, and Attorney General shall constitute a body corporate, to be known as the Board of Education of Florida. The Superintendent of Public Instruction shall be president thereof. The duties of the Board of Education shall be prescribed by the Legislature."[34] Gibbs also was proactive as Secretary of State, conducting extensive investigations into violence and fraud (including investigations into the activities of the Ku Klux Klan) and he also served on the Board of Canvassers, testifying on behalf of Josiah Thomas Walls.
Superintendent of Public Instruction[edit]




Republican governor Marcellus Stearns greeting Harriet Beecher Stowe. Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs is visible toward one of the columns.


He was appointed Superintendent of Public Instruction in 1873. Gibbs was also commissioned as a lieutenant colonel in the Florida State Militia. Gibbs was also elected as a Tallahassee City Councilman in 1872. Gibbs was responsible for introducing legislation creating the State Normal College for Colored Students, forerunner of Florida A&M University.
Death[edit]
Gibbs died on August 14, 1874, in Tallahassee, Florida, reportedly of apoplexy (stroke).
Legacy and impact[edit]
He was the brother of prominent Arkansas Reconstruction judge Mifflin Wistar Gibbs, and the father of Thomas Van Renssalaer Gibbs, a delegate to the 1886 Florida Constitutional Convention, and a member of the Florida state legislature.

Gibbs High School, the first high school in St. Petersburg for black students, is named after him.
Gibbs Junior College (also in St. Petersburg) was named after him. The college was merged with St. Petersburg Junior College, now St. Petersburg College.

Notes[edit]

^ Leon F. Litwack, North of Slavery: The Negro in the Free States, 1790-1860 (Chicago and London: The University of Chicago Press, 1961), vii.
^ Philip S. Foner, History of Black Americans: From The Emergence of the Cotton Kingdom to the Eve of the Compromise of 1850, Vol. 2 (Westport, CT and London, Greenwood Press, 1983), 203.
^ William Pierce Randel, The Ku Klux Klan: A Century of Infamy, (Philadelphia and New York: Chilton Books, 1965), 125; Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain, (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 4; Carter G. Woodson, "The Gibbs Family", The Negro History Bulletin, Vol. XI, No. 1 (October, 1947), 3, 7.
^ Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Story of Reconstruction Florida, B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 2007), 28-29; Augustus Washington, letter published in Charter Oak, Hartford Connecticut, 1846.
^ Chesley A. Homan, From Antislavery to Proslavery: The Presidency and Resignation of Nathan Lord, B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 1996), 40; Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate, 32-34; John King Lord, A History of Dartmouth College 1815-1909, Vol. II, (Concord: The Rumford Press: 1913), 332; Leon Burr Richardson, History of Dartmouth College, Vol. II, (Brattleboro: The Stephen Daye Press, 1932), 478.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate, 37-39.
^ George E. Carter, "Antebellum Black Dartmouth Students," Dartmouth College Library Bulletin, Vol. XXI, No. 1 (November, 1980), 30; Dinnella-Borrego, 39-41; The Liberator, (February 14, 1851), 28.
^ Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 4-5; Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date). This essay was in the possession of Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy.
^ Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life And Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs c. 1828-1874, Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003), 10-11; Mark A. Noll, "Hodge, Charles," American National Biography Online, February 2000, http://www.anb.org/articles/08/08-00687.html (accessed: April 18, 2007).
^ Raymond L. Hall, "A Reaffirmation of Mission: The Saga of the Black Experience at Dartmouth," Dartmouth Alumni Magazine, vol. 79, 3 (November 1986), 6; Dinnella-Borrego, 47-48.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 49-50; Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 7; Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date), in the possession of Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 48-49; Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness", 19-20; C. Peter Ripley, et al., eds., The Black Abolitionist Papers Volume 5: The United States, 1859-1865 (Chapel Hill and London: The University of North Carolina Press, 1992), 246; "Minutes of the Colored State Convention of New York, Troy, September 4, 1855" in Philip S. Foner and George E. Walker, eds., Proceedings of the Black State Conventions, 1840-1865 (Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 1979), I, 88.; "Colored Men’s State Convention," Frederick Douglass’ Paper, September 14, 1855 in George E. Carter and C. Peter Ripley, et al. eds., Black Abolitionist Papers 1830-1865 (New York: Microfilming Corporation of America, 1981), microfilm, 9:0825. (Hereafter cited as BAP Microfilm).
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs to Jacob C. White, May 20, 1858. Jacob C. White Papers 115-1, Folder 57. (Washington D.C.: Howard University, Moorland Spingarn Research Center); Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life And Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs c. 1828-1874, Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003), 30.
^ Anna Amelia Gibbs vs. Jonathan C. Gibbs. Superior Court, New Haven Connecticut. 1857-58 (Case #24), 1860, 1862 (Case #77). (Note: the petition was brought in September 1857, the case was heard in 1858, dragged into 1860, and even into 1862 when a new trial was set for December 1862). New Haven: Connecticut State Library.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 55-56; C. Peter Ripley, The Black Abolitionist Papers, 246; "Annual Meeting of the Philadelphia Vigilant Committee," Weekly Anglo-African, February 25, 1860 in BAP Microfilm, 12:0509.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom’s Joyful Day," in Philip S. Foner and Robert James Branham, eds., Lift Every Voice: African American Oratory, 1787-1900 (Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998), 383.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom's Joyful Day," 383.
^ "Colorphobia in Philadelphia," National Anti-Slavery Standard, December 17, 1864 in BAP Microfilm, 15:0616.
^ "Colorphobia in Philadelphia," December 17, 1864 in BAP Microfilm, 15:0616.
^ Shelton B. Waters, We Have This Ministry: A History of the First African Presbyterian Church, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, The Mother Church of African American Presbyterians, (Philadelphia: The Winchell Company, 1994), 30.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Letter From Rev. J.C. Gibbs," The Christian Recorder, April 15, 1865; See also Learotha Williams, "‘Leave the pulpit and go into the…school room’: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Board of Missions for Freedmen in North and South Carolina, 1865-1866," Southern Studies: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the South, Vol. 13 No. 1/2 (Spring/Summer 2006): 89-104.
^ The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America (Pittsburgh: Jas. McMillin, 1866), 16.
^ The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen, 13.
^ Steven Hahn, A Nation Under Our Feet: Black Political Struggles in the Rural South from Slavery to the Great Migration (Cambridge and London: The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press, 2003), 74.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Letter to Charles Barrett, Grafton, Vt., Tallahassee, Fla., June 7, 1869", Rauner Special Collections Library, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire.
^ Herbert Aptheker, "South Carolina Negro Conventions, 1865," The Journal of Negro History Vol. 31, No. 1, (January 1946), 94-95; Eric Foner, Freedom’s Lawmakers: A Directory of Black Officeholders During Reconstruction (Baton Rouge and London: Louisiana State University Press, 1996), 84.
^ Leon F. Litwack, Been in the Storm So Long (New York: Vintage Books, 1980), 522; Jonathan C. Gibbs, The Christian Recorder, February 3, 1866.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date).
^ Canter Brown Jr., Florida's Black Public Officials, 1867-1924, (Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998), 4; Dorothy Dodd, "'Bishop' Pearce and the Reconstruction of Leon County", Apalachee (1946), 6.
^ Canter Brown Jr., Florida's Black Public Officials, 10-11.
^ Brown, 10-11; Jerrell H. Shofner, Nor Is It Over Yet: Florida in the Era of Reconstruction 1863-1877, (Gainesville, University of Florida Press, 1974), 184-187.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, Letter to Charles Barrett, Grafton, Vt., Tallahassee, Fla., (June 7, 1869). Rauner Special Collections Library, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire.
^ Eric Foner, Reconstruction: America’s Unfinished Revolution, 1863-1877, (New York: Perennial Classics, 1988), 354.
^ Florida Constitution, (1868). Article VIII, Sec. 9.

References[edit]
Published Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Canter Brown, Jr. Florida's Black Public Officials, 1867-1924. Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998.
Eric Foner ed. Freedom's Lawmakers: A Directory of Black Officeholders During Reconstruction. Baton Rouge and London: Louisiana State University Press, 1996.
Mifflin Wistar Gibbs Shadow and Light: An Autobiography with Reminiscences of the Last and Present Century. Lincoln and London: University of Nebraska Press, 1995.
William Peirce Randel, The Ku Klux Klan: A Century of Infamy. Philadelphia and New York: Chilton Books, 1965.
Joe M. Richardson, "Jonathan C. Gibbs: Florida's Only Negro Cabinet Member." Florida Historical Quarterly, XLII (April, 1964).
C. Peter Ripley, et al., eds. The Black Abolitionist Papers. Five Volumes. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 1992-1995.
Learotha Williams, Jr., "‘Leave the pulpit and go into the…school room’: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Board of Missions for Freedmen in North and South Carolina, 1865-1866." Southern Studies: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the South, Vol. 13 No. 1/2 (Spring/Summer 2006): 89-104.

Unpublished Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Story of Reconstruction Florida. B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 2007).
Chesley A. Homan, From Antislavery to Proslavery: The Presidency and Resignation of Nathan Lord. B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 1996).
Learotha Williams, Jr.,"A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life and Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs, c. 1828–1874. Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003).

Internet Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs
Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs, "The Great Commission", October 22, 1856
Our Philadelphia Letter. Lecture at the Institute for Colored Youth, Weekly Anglo-African, March 16, 1861
(1863) Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom's Joyful Day"
Gibbs High School Homepage
St. Petersburg College/Gibbs Campus Homepage



Political offices


Preceded by
George J. Alden
Secretary of State of Florida
1868–1873
Succeeded by
Samuel B. Mclin






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jonathan_Clarkson_Gibbs&oldid=777377857"					
Categories: 1821 births1874 deathsAfrican-American people in Florida politicsDartmouth College alumniPeople associated with the history of African-American civil rightsHistory of civil rights in the United StatesPeople of American ReconstructionFlorida city council membersSecretaries of State of FloridaFlorida Commissioners of EducationFlorida Republicans19th-century American politiciansAfrican-American politicians during the Reconstruction period 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Italiano 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 April 2017, at 20:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs - Wikipedia






















 






Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Jonathan C. Gibbs)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs








Secretary of State and Superintendent of Public Instruction


In office
1868 to 1872, 1873 to 1874


Preceded by
George J. Alden, Charles Beecher


Succeeded by
Samuel B. Mclin, William Watkin Hicks





Personal details


Born
September 28, 1821
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania


Died
August 14, 1874(1874-08-14) (aged 52)
Tallahassee, Florida


Nationality
American


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Anna Amelia Harris, (divorced), and Elizabeth F. Gibbs









Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs, II (September 28, 1821 – August 14, 1874) was a Presbyterian minister and a prominent African-American officeholder during Reconstruction. He served as the first black Secretary of State and Superintendent of Public Instruction of Florida, and along with Josiah Thomas Walls, US Congressman from Florida, was among the most powerful black officeholders in the state during Reconstruction.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Philadelphia
1.2 New Hampshire


2 Abolitionist minister

2.1 New York and the Abolitionist Movement
2.2 Return to Philadelphia
2.3 Move to the South


3 Reconstruction politician

3.1 1868 Constitutional Convention and rise to Secretary of State
3.2 Superintendent of Public Instruction


4 Death
5 Legacy and impact
6 Notes
7 References



Early life[edit]
Philadelphia[edit]
Gibbs was born free in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on September 28, 1821. His father was Reverend Jonathan Gibbs I, a Methodist minister, and his mother Maria Jackson was a Baptist. Jonathan C. Gibbs II was the oldest of four children born to the couple. He grew up in Philadelphia during a time when the city was rife with anti-black and anti-abolitionist sentiments. Many white Northerners during this period practiced both white superiority and discrimination against blacks.[1] Gibbs and his brother, Mifflin, attended the local Free School in Philadelphia.
Though not much is known about the details of his early life, Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs grew up in a Philadelphia where anti-black riots and violence were quite common.[2] Following the death of his father in April 1831, Gibbs and his brother left the Free School to aid their ailing mother and earn a living. The young Gibbs apprenticed to a carpenter. Both brothers eventually converted to Presbyterianism. Gibbs impressed the Presbyterian assembly such that the Assembly provided financial backing for him to attend Kimball Union Academy in Meriden, New Hampshire.[3]
New Hampshire[edit]
Gibbs attended Kimball Union Academy at Meriden, New Hampshire, and graduated in 1848. At the time, the academy was under the guidance of abolitionist principal, Cyrus Smith Richards, who had earlier allowed Augustus Washington (who would also attend Dartmouth) to study at the academy. Washington is best known for a famous daguerreotype of John Brown.[4] At KUA, Gibbs became acquainted with Charles Barrett, a native of Grafton, Vermont, who would become one of his closest friends. The two went on to Dartmouth College, and later, Barrett returned to his native Vermont and served in politics.
While Gibbs was a student, Dartmouth was under the presidency of pro-slavery Nathan Lord. Lord was originally an anti-slavery advocate who had voted for the Liberty Party and had written editorials in The Liberator. His sudden conversion was due to his conservative brand of Calvinism, he felt that reformers may have been going too far in their zeal against slavery. Despite the president's views regarding slavery, which stemmed in large part from his belief that the institution was predicated on sin, Lord permitted several African Americans to attend the college. Lord believed that any group of people who sinned against God could be enslaved (including whites).[5]
While at the college, Gibbs was influenced by three professors who would affect his thinking as a missionary, educator and politician.[6] He was a member of the abolitionist movement while a college student, and participated in several conventions, appearing by name in The Liberator.[7]
He was the third African American to graduate from Dartmouth College. Following John Brown Russwurm, Gibbs became the second black man in the nation to deliver a commencement address at a college.
Abolitionist minister[edit]
New York and the Abolitionist Movement[edit]
Following his graduation in 1852, Gibbs studied at Princeton Theological Seminary from 1853 to 1854 but did not graduate due to financial constraints.[8] At the seminary, Gibbs studied under Charles Hodge a pro-slavery advocate. Hodge, a Presbyterian minister, espoused the belief that, "slavery as such was not condemned by Scripture but that the way it was practiced in the South perpetuated great evil." Unlike Nathan Lord, Hodge did support the war effort and President Abraham Lincoln.[9] Though Gibbs was unable to graduate from the seminary, he was ordained in 1856. He was called as a pastor of Liberty Street Presbyterian Church in Troy, New York, where Henry Highland Garnet had been pastor. Gibbs invited the pro-slavery president of Dartmouth College, Nathan Lord, to give the ordination sermon. He "begged Dr. Lord as a special favor to preach his ordination sermon, giving as a reason that his college was the only (one) which would endure his presence." Lord delivered the sermon as a result of the absence of other ministers.[10]
Gibbs, by now a young minister, married Anna Amelia Harris, the daughter of a well-to-do black New York merchant and his wife. The couple had three children: Thomas Van Renssalaer Gibbs, Julia Pennington Gibbs, and Josephine Haywood Gibbs.[11]
Following his ordination, Gibbs became active in the abolitionist movement. He attended a series of black conventions where he worked with Frederick Douglass and served on committees. He gradually became known nationally for his work in the movement. Gibbs was featured in anti-slavery publications including The Liberator and the The National Anti-Slavery Standard. His rising fame was indicative of Gibbs' own ambitions as well his skills as an orator and rising abolitionist minister.[12] His growing involvement in New York's abolitionist movement separated him from his family. In part due to his extensive absences from home and his parish duties, Gibbs became increasingly alienated from his wife. Anna was accustomed to living standards that a young pastor could not afford. The tension between husband and wife prompted Gibbs to consider leaving the United States for Africa to work as a missionary. However, he was persuaded by his congregation to abandon these plans.[13] The marital discord eventually led to lengthy and bitter divorce proceedings, which lasted until 1862.[14] Not long afterward, Gibbs returned to his native Philadelphia where he continued work in the abolitionist movement.
Return to Philadelphia[edit]
Gibbs served as pastor of the First African Presbyterian Church in Philadelphia from 1859 to 1865. He became active in the abolitionist movement, "a key figure in the local underground railroad and contributed articles to the Anglo-African Magazine."[15]
Following President Abraham Lincoln's announcement of the Emancipation Proclamation, Gibbs delivered a sermon titled "Freedom's Joyful Day," emphasizing that whites should crush their prejudices and that blacks should be allowed to fight in the Civil War. Gibbs noted that, "We, the colored men of the North, put the laboring oar in your hand; it is for white men to show that they are equal to the demands of these times, by putting away their stupid prejudices."[16] He touched upon the need for blacks to fight by addressing white concerns and prejudices stating unequivocally that:


“
Many persons are asking, Will black men fight? That is not what they mean. The question they are asking is simply this: Have white men of the North the same moral courage, the pluck, the grit, to lay down their foolish prejudice against the colored man and place him in a position where he can bear his full share of the toils and dangers of this war?[17]
”


Along with William Still, Gibbs fought for equal accommodations and transportation in Philadelphia, decrying segregation of the city's rail cars. In a blunt article published in December 1864 in the National Anti-Slavery Standard, Still and Gibbs asked, "Why, then, should the fear exist that the very people who are meeting with colored people in various other directions without insulting them, should instantly become so intolerably incensed as to indicate a terrible aspect in this particular?"[18] They wrote further that:


“
It is well known that through the efforts of the Supervisory Committee of this city ten or eleven regiments of colored men have been raised for the United States service, and not a few of these brave men have already won imperishable honor on the battle-field. Nevertheless, thrice the number that have been thus raised for the defence of the country are daily and hourly compelled to endure all the outrages and inconveniences consequent upon rules so severe and inexorable as those which have hitherto governed the roads of Philadelphia.[19]
”


Gibbs' efforts in the movement to abolish slavery helped both free blacks and their enslaved brethren. As the Civil War drew to a close, Gibbs left Philadelphia, and journeyed to the South to help rebuild the former Confederate states and to educate the ex-slaves and poor whites who were left destitute in the wake of the bloody ravages of war.
Move to the South[edit]
On December 18, 1864, Gibbs announced his departure from the First African Presbyterian Church. He "was invited to go South for several months to look to the needs of Freedmen."[20] His endeavor expanded into a project of several years, as Gibbs labored alongside other missionaries as part of the American Home Missionary Society. Gibbs arrived at New Bern, North Carolina, where he wrote a letter published in The Christian Recorder. He described postwar conditions: "The destitution and suffering of this people extended my wildest dream; old men and women bending to the ground, heads white with the frosts and hardships of many winters, as well as the innocent babe of a few weeks, contribute to make up this scene of misery."[21] Gibbs eventually settled in Charleston, South Carolina, where he became established in a local church and opened a school for freedmen.
Freedmen faced uncertainty as well as great opportunities. As early as 1866 the need for missionary activities among the freedmen was mentioned prominently in The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America. The Report stated, "The condition of the freedmen, their native peculiarities, and the various influences to which they are subjected, have much to do in determining the success of missions, and the plan of the church’s operation for their benefit."[22] This same report also illuminated the perspective of Northern missionaries in dealing with the situation, saying that newly freed blacks are

"passing through 'a howling wilderness' of social, political, and religious problems, as striking and peculiar as those found by the Israelites in their journey from the 'house of bondage' to the land of their fathers. And all these problems impinge upon the work of their religious education, in every branch of it, either directly or remotely.[23]

Missionary activity in the South was not a new occurrence. The Great Awakening had been a period when many missionaries evangelized in the region. In addition, contraband camps had been set up near many forts, and some missionaries lived and worked among them. Historian Steven Hahn has noted that:


“
The missionaries and reformers, charged as many were with evangelical fervor, sought not only to strike fatal blows against the institution of slavery but also to reshape the character and morals of the institutions direct victims. Assuming, for the most part, that the slaves had emerged from an experience of degradation and cultural barbarism, they expected to teach essential lessons in the proper conduct of faith, family, health, and livelihood as well as in the rudiments of reading and writing.[24]
”


The established missionary work among freed blacks in the South was augmented by activities such as those o Gibbs. He believed in the power of education and the connection (expressed in the 1866 report) between religious duties and the task of uplifting nearly four million freedmen. In a letter to his old friend, Charles Barrett of Vermont, Gibbs proudly stated that he "had one school that daily average in Charleston, 1000, children, and some 20 teachers."[25]
During his time in South Carolina, Gibbs also became involved in Republican political activities during Reconstruction. Gibbs participated in a meeting of black delegates who drafted a petition demanding that the educated of both races be allowed to vote, suggesting he may have had some elitism. The petition also said, "we do ask that if the ignorant white man is allowed to vote, that the ignorant colored man shall be allowed to vote also."[26] Gibbs noted that, "If we can secure, for the next ten years, three clean shirts a week, a tooth brush, and spelling-book to every Freedman in South Carolina, I will go bail (a thing I seldom do) for the next hundred years, that we will have no more slavery, and both whites and blacks will be happier and better friends."[27]
During this period, Gibbs met and married his second wife, Elizabeth. They had at least once child, who died in infancy. Gibbs "remained [in Charleston] but a short time not finding things to his liking. He proceeded to Jacksonville, Florida and there opened an Academy for youth of that city."[28]
Reconstruction politician[edit]
1868 Constitutional Convention and rise to Secretary of State[edit]




The 1868 Florida Constitution, signed by Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs.


Gibbs moved to Florida in 1867 where he started a private school in Jacksonville. He rapidly shifted from missionary work to political involvement in Reconstruction Florida. Religion and politics went hand-in-hand for black officeholders in this period. Another prominent black officeholder, Charles H. Pearce, remarked that, "A man in this State, cannot do his whole duty as a minister except he looks out for the political interests of his people."[29]
Gibbs was elected to the State Constitutional Convention of 1868. He formed part of the radical Mule Team faction within the convention that initially gained control of the convention, only to be thwarted by more moderate and conservative delegates led by Harrison Reed and Ossian Bingley Hart.[30] Canter Brown, Jr. wrote of the resulting constitution that:

"While it established the state's most liberal charter to that date, it incorporated important restrictions on black political power. It permitted most former Rebels to vote, at the same time specifying a legislative apportionment plan that discriminated again black-majority counties in favor of sparsely populated white counties. The drafters retained one item especially important to black leaders. The constitution directed the legislature to create a uniform system of public schools."[31]

The Mule Team nominated its own slate of candidates, opposing the more conservative faction of Republicans that nominated Gibbs for Florida's seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. Ultimately, the Mule Team coalition fractured in the wake of the successful election of a moderate Republican administration and Congressional approval of the 1868 Constitution.
Though Gibbs did not win the election to Congress, he was appointed Florida's Secretary of State, serving from 1868 to 1872, by Wisconsin-born Republican governor, Harrison Reed. Gibbs wielded considerable power and responsibility during his four years as Secretary of State. In a letter to his close friend, Charles Barrett, Gibbs remarked that, "In 1868 I was appointed by the Governor and confirmed by the Senate, Secretary of State of Florida at a salary of $3000, per year for four years, and stand second man in the government of this State today."[32] Gibbs' power and influence contradicts some observations made by historians of this period. Eric Foner noted that, "During Reconstruction more blacks served in the essentially ceremonial office of secretary of state than any other post, and by and large, the most important political decisions in every state were made by whites."[33] However, Article VIII of the Constitution states that, "The Superintendent of Public Instruction, Secretary of State, and Attorney General shall constitute a body corporate, to be known as the Board of Education of Florida. The Superintendent of Public Instruction shall be president thereof. The duties of the Board of Education shall be prescribed by the Legislature."[34] Gibbs also was proactive as Secretary of State, conducting extensive investigations into violence and fraud (including investigations into the activities of the Ku Klux Klan) and he also served on the Board of Canvassers, testifying on behalf of Josiah Thomas Walls.
Superintendent of Public Instruction[edit]




Republican governor Marcellus Stearns greeting Harriet Beecher Stowe. Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs is visible toward one of the columns.


He was appointed Superintendent of Public Instruction in 1873. Gibbs was also commissioned as a lieutenant colonel in the Florida State Militia. Gibbs was also elected as a Tallahassee City Councilman in 1872. Gibbs was responsible for introducing legislation creating the State Normal College for Colored Students, forerunner of Florida A&M University.
Death[edit]
Gibbs died on August 14, 1874, in Tallahassee, Florida, reportedly of apoplexy (stroke).
Legacy and impact[edit]
He was the brother of prominent Arkansas Reconstruction judge Mifflin Wistar Gibbs, and the father of Thomas Van Renssalaer Gibbs, a delegate to the 1886 Florida Constitutional Convention, and a member of the Florida state legislature.

Gibbs High School, the first high school in St. Petersburg for black students, is named after him.
Gibbs Junior College (also in St. Petersburg) was named after him. The college was merged with St. Petersburg Junior College, now St. Petersburg College.

Notes[edit]

^ Leon F. Litwack, North of Slavery: The Negro in the Free States, 1790-1860 (Chicago and London: The University of Chicago Press, 1961), vii.
^ Philip S. Foner, History of Black Americans: From The Emergence of the Cotton Kingdom to the Eve of the Compromise of 1850, Vol. 2 (Westport, CT and London, Greenwood Press, 1983), 203.
^ William Pierce Randel, The Ku Klux Klan: A Century of Infamy, (Philadelphia and New York: Chilton Books, 1965), 125; Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain, (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 4; Carter G. Woodson, "The Gibbs Family", The Negro History Bulletin, Vol. XI, No. 1 (October, 1947), 3, 7.
^ Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Story of Reconstruction Florida, B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 2007), 28-29; Augustus Washington, letter published in Charter Oak, Hartford Connecticut, 1846.
^ Chesley A. Homan, From Antislavery to Proslavery: The Presidency and Resignation of Nathan Lord, B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 1996), 40; Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate, 32-34; John King Lord, A History of Dartmouth College 1815-1909, Vol. II, (Concord: The Rumford Press: 1913), 332; Leon Burr Richardson, History of Dartmouth College, Vol. II, (Brattleboro: The Stephen Daye Press, 1932), 478.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate, 37-39.
^ George E. Carter, "Antebellum Black Dartmouth Students," Dartmouth College Library Bulletin, Vol. XXI, No. 1 (November, 1980), 30; Dinnella-Borrego, 39-41; The Liberator, (February 14, 1851), 28.
^ Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 4-5; Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date). This essay was in the possession of Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy.
^ Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life And Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs c. 1828-1874, Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003), 10-11; Mark A. Noll, "Hodge, Charles," American National Biography Online, February 2000, http://www.anb.org/articles/08/08-00687.html (accessed: April 18, 2007).
^ Raymond L. Hall, "A Reaffirmation of Mission: The Saga of the Black Experience at Dartmouth," Dartmouth Alumni Magazine, vol. 79, 3 (November 1986), 6; Dinnella-Borrego, 47-48.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 49-50; Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy, Linking The Gibbs Chain (Washington, D.C.: P.G. Fauntleroy, 1995), 7; Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date), in the possession of Phyllis Gibbs Fauntleroy.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 48-49; Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness", 19-20; C. Peter Ripley, et al., eds., The Black Abolitionist Papers Volume 5: The United States, 1859-1865 (Chapel Hill and London: The University of North Carolina Press, 1992), 246; "Minutes of the Colored State Convention of New York, Troy, September 4, 1855" in Philip S. Foner and George E. Walker, eds., Proceedings of the Black State Conventions, 1840-1865 (Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 1979), I, 88.; "Colored Men’s State Convention," Frederick Douglass’ Paper, September 14, 1855 in George E. Carter and C. Peter Ripley, et al. eds., Black Abolitionist Papers 1830-1865 (New York: Microfilming Corporation of America, 1981), microfilm, 9:0825. (Hereafter cited as BAP Microfilm).
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs to Jacob C. White, May 20, 1858. Jacob C. White Papers 115-1, Folder 57. (Washington D.C.: Howard University, Moorland Spingarn Research Center); Learotha Williams, Jr., "A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life And Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs c. 1828-1874, Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003), 30.
^ Anna Amelia Gibbs vs. Jonathan C. Gibbs. Superior Court, New Haven Connecticut. 1857-58 (Case #24), 1860, 1862 (Case #77). (Note: the petition was brought in September 1857, the case was heard in 1858, dragged into 1860, and even into 1862 when a new trial was set for December 1862). New Haven: Connecticut State Library.
^ Dinnella-Borrego, 55-56; C. Peter Ripley, The Black Abolitionist Papers, 246; "Annual Meeting of the Philadelphia Vigilant Committee," Weekly Anglo-African, February 25, 1860 in BAP Microfilm, 12:0509.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom’s Joyful Day," in Philip S. Foner and Robert James Branham, eds., Lift Every Voice: African American Oratory, 1787-1900 (Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998), 383.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom's Joyful Day," 383.
^ "Colorphobia in Philadelphia," National Anti-Slavery Standard, December 17, 1864 in BAP Microfilm, 15:0616.
^ "Colorphobia in Philadelphia," December 17, 1864 in BAP Microfilm, 15:0616.
^ Shelton B. Waters, We Have This Ministry: A History of the First African Presbyterian Church, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, The Mother Church of African American Presbyterians, (Philadelphia: The Winchell Company, 1994), 30.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Letter From Rev. J.C. Gibbs," The Christian Recorder, April 15, 1865; See also Learotha Williams, "‘Leave the pulpit and go into the…school room’: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Board of Missions for Freedmen in North and South Carolina, 1865-1866," Southern Studies: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the South, Vol. 13 No. 1/2 (Spring/Summer 2006): 89-104.
^ The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America (Pittsburgh: Jas. McMillin, 1866), 16.
^ The First Annual Report of the General Assembly’s Committee on Freedmen, 13.
^ Steven Hahn, A Nation Under Our Feet: Black Political Struggles in the Rural South from Slavery to the Great Migration (Cambridge and London: The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press, 2003), 74.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Letter to Charles Barrett, Grafton, Vt., Tallahassee, Fla., June 7, 1869", Rauner Special Collections Library, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire.
^ Herbert Aptheker, "South Carolina Negro Conventions, 1865," The Journal of Negro History Vol. 31, No. 1, (January 1946), 94-95; Eric Foner, Freedom’s Lawmakers: A Directory of Black Officeholders During Reconstruction (Baton Rouge and London: Louisiana State University Press, 1996), 84.
^ Leon F. Litwack, Been in the Storm So Long (New York: Vintage Books, 1980), 522; Jonathan C. Gibbs, The Christian Recorder, February 3, 1866.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, M.D., "An Essay On The Life And Times of Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs of Florida, 1821-1874," (unpublished, no date).
^ Canter Brown Jr., Florida's Black Public Officials, 1867-1924, (Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998), 4; Dorothy Dodd, "'Bishop' Pearce and the Reconstruction of Leon County", Apalachee (1946), 6.
^ Canter Brown Jr., Florida's Black Public Officials, 10-11.
^ Brown, 10-11; Jerrell H. Shofner, Nor Is It Over Yet: Florida in the Era of Reconstruction 1863-1877, (Gainesville, University of Florida Press, 1974), 184-187.
^ Jonathan C. Gibbs, Letter to Charles Barrett, Grafton, Vt., Tallahassee, Fla., (June 7, 1869). Rauner Special Collections Library, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire.
^ Eric Foner, Reconstruction: America’s Unfinished Revolution, 1863-1877, (New York: Perennial Classics, 1988), 354.
^ Florida Constitution, (1868). Article VIII, Sec. 9.

References[edit]
Published Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Canter Brown, Jr. Florida's Black Public Officials, 1867-1924. Tuscaloosa and London: The University of Alabama Press, 1998.
Eric Foner ed. Freedom's Lawmakers: A Directory of Black Officeholders During Reconstruction. Baton Rouge and London: Louisiana State University Press, 1996.
Mifflin Wistar Gibbs Shadow and Light: An Autobiography with Reminiscences of the Last and Present Century. Lincoln and London: University of Nebraska Press, 1995.
William Peirce Randel, The Ku Klux Klan: A Century of Infamy. Philadelphia and New York: Chilton Books, 1965.
Joe M. Richardson, "Jonathan C. Gibbs: Florida's Only Negro Cabinet Member." Florida Historical Quarterly, XLII (April, 1964).
C. Peter Ripley, et al., eds. The Black Abolitionist Papers. Five Volumes. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 1992-1995.
Learotha Williams, Jr., "‘Leave the pulpit and go into the…school room’: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Board of Missions for Freedmen in North and South Carolina, 1865-1866." Southern Studies: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the South, Vol. 13 No. 1/2 (Spring/Summer 2006): 89-104.

Unpublished Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Luis-Alejandro Dinnella-Borrego, At Freedom's Gate: Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs and the Story of Reconstruction Florida. B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 2007).
Chesley A. Homan, From Antislavery to Proslavery: The Presidency and Resignation of Nathan Lord. B.A. Honors Thesis, (Hanover: Dartmouth College, 1996).
Learotha Williams, Jr.,"A Wider Field of Usefulness": The Life and Times of Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs, c. 1828–1874. Ph.D. Diss., (Tallahassee: Florida State University, 2003).

Internet Sources (Primary and Secondary):

Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs
Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs, "The Great Commission", October 22, 1856
Our Philadelphia Letter. Lecture at the Institute for Colored Youth, Weekly Anglo-African, March 16, 1861
(1863) Rev. Jonathan C. Gibbs, "Freedom's Joyful Day"
Gibbs High School Homepage
St. Petersburg College/Gibbs Campus Homepage



Political offices


Preceded by
George J. Alden
Secretary of State of Florida
1868–1873
Succeeded by
Samuel B. Mclin






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jonathan_Clarkson_Gibbs&oldid=777377857"					
Categories: 1821 births1874 deathsAfrican-American people in Florida politicsDartmouth College alumniPeople associated with the history of African-American civil rightsHistory of civil rights in the United StatesPeople of American ReconstructionFlorida city council membersSecretaries of State of FloridaFlorida Commissioners of EducationFlorida Republicans19th-century American politiciansAfrican-American politicians during the Reconstruction period 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Italiano 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 April 2017, at 20:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Jonathan Product  Products | Dermstore




 
































 


























 
 














Dermstore








brands


skin care

Cleansers & Exfoliators
Moisturizers
Serums
Sun Care
Value Sets
Tools & Devices
All Skin Care



makeup

Foundation
Concealer
Eye Makeup
Lip Makeup
Face Makeup
Mascara
Palettes & Sets
All Makeup



hair care

Shampoo
Conditioner
Styling Tools
Styling Products
Hair Treatments
All Hair Care



bath & body

Lotions & Oils
Bath & Shower
Body Treatments
Hair Removal
Baby & Mom
Fragrance
Oral Care
Value Sets
All Bath & Body



natural

Skin Care
Makeup
Hair Care
Bath & Body
All Natural




          Rewards


Sign up to earn points towards discounts on your favorite brands and products!

Learn More
Join Now




Sale


Skin Health Center


Blog


Ask a Dermatologist


Reviews


Press


customer service

Customer Service
Order Status
Shipping Policies
Returns
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Discount Exclusions
Website Terms of Use

Call Us
1800-213-DERM(3376)






Log In











FREE Shipping & Returns - details



Save 32% on Harry Josh Pro Tools 2000 Pro Dryer + free gifts for a limited time. SHOP NOW   



 Let wanderlust lead the way with  travel-ready beauty. 
 SHOP TRAVEL 







Earn Rewards



Log In / Sign Up 

Log In / Sign Up
Track Order
Easy Returns
Order History
My Favorites
Dermstore Subscriptions






















0 Items 0 
















0 Items 0 

































Jonathan ProductAll Products 












Jonathan Product offers professional-quality hair care products that allow you to achieve gorgeous hair with ease. Using only the finest vegan ingredients, Jonathan Product nourishes, protects, moisturizes and revives the hair for enhanced beauty and health.
Jonathan Product provides products that are sulfate-free, 100% vegan and formulated with purified Essential Water. In addition, Jonathan Product's formulations are void of DEA and MEA, mineral oil, alcohol and colorants whenever feasible, ensuring the most natural products Jonathan Product is able to offer. Plus, Jonathan Product takes hair care to the next level by providing a water purification system for your shower. By removing the heavy metals and harsh chemicals normally found in shower water, the hair and skin are able to achieve an amazingly healthy, soft and radiant status. With Jonathan Product, the hair you've dreamed of can finally be yours. 









Refine by






 
Application Area Hair
 Scalp
 
 
Hair Type Coarse Hair
 Colored Hair
 Curly Hair
 Dry Hair
 Fine Hair
 Normal Hair
 Oily Hair
 
 
Ingredient Aloe Vera
 Antioxidants
 Beeswax
 Dimethicone
 Green Tea
 Keratin
 Mica
 Panthenol
 Shea Butter
 Titanium Dioxide
 

Price range: 






Featured ShopsLimited-Time Offers
Sale
Sunscreen for Hair
Travel Essentials 
Travel Size Hair Care
 
 
Preferences Paraben-Free
 Vegan
 
 
Ratings 
 
 
 
 
 











                                    Filters:
                                

                                    None
                                

CLEAR FILTERS








Sort By


Best Sellers
Price - Low to High
Price - High to Low
New
Top Rated
Free Gift





















































JOIN NOW


20% off your next order + free shipping 
Expires 30 days from signup. For new subscribers only. Brand exclusions apply.



JOIN NOW






WELCOME AND THANK YOU!
          You are now subscribed.


WELCOME AND THANK YOU!
          Our Records indicate that you've already subscribed once.




JOIN NOW


Oops, an error occurred.
          Please try adding your email address again.



JOIN NOW



 




