

Clarius Group LLC/The: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























clarius group llc/the
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
The Clarius Group, LLC provides wealth management services. The Company offers investment management and financial planning solutions to individuals and institutional investors. Clarius Group serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

999 3rd Avenue
Suite 3050
Seattle, WA 98104
United States


Phone:
1-206-462-7400


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.clariusgroup.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Karen Ann Obrietan


Partner/COO/Chief Compliance OFC




Matthew Parker Tablot "Matt"


CIO/Managing Member




Keith Randolph Vernon


Managing Member







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































 




Clarus Group – Consultants to governments and nonprofits































 



































Select Page


  
 



 



 












Governance and management matter...

We work with a variety of organizations that have differing
missions but confront similar challenges.

 

 
 





We understand...

that public and nonprofit leaders and managers face competing demands from stakeholders for high-quality, effective, and timely services; efficient operations; and integrity and accountability.

 

 
 





We believe...

that transparency and accountability are essential organizational values that
promote confidence in governments and nonprofit organizations.

 

 
 





We know...

that successful organizations are mission-driven and that achieving their missions
requires close attention to organizational performance and viability.

 

 
 
 
 
 



Consultants to governments and nonprofits
Clarus Group is dedicated to helping governments and nonprofit organizations meet high standards of performance and integrity. We also provide advice and assistance to private companies that conduct or seek to conduct business with the public sector.
The principals of Clarus Group, Dan Ahern and Pamela Bloomfield, have worked together since 1983 and collectively possess more than 60 years of experience that includes management and oversight of public and nonprofit agencies and programs, design and implementation of accountability systems, performance auditing and evaluation, public policy analysis, effective and ethical procurement and contracting, and professional training development and delivery.
Clarus Group’s services are tailored to meet the unique needs of our clients. We bring independent analytical expertise and a longstanding commitment to organizational performance, integrity, and accountability to every consulting engagement. Drawing upon current research and best practices, we provide our clients with thoughtful, pragmatic recommendations that address their needs.
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 






















	clariuspartners.com : Enterprising Real Estate Solutions















 



 










































    Clarius Partners, LLC is a full-service real estate investment and development management company whose mission is to provide customized service to a select group of clients and partners. Through its deep industry knowledge and extensive network, the Clarius team aspires to deliver exceptional results with quality, clarity and integrity.
    
Learn More







 



 






Bookmark this website
Print this page
Tel: (312) 386.7150    •  info@clariuspartners.com
© CLARIUS PARTNERS, LLC. All Rights Reserved



A Dalfen Marketing Group Web project







Clarius Capital Group, LLC                                                                                               - Beverly Hills                                     , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Beverly Hills



Motion Picture and Tape Distribution



Motion Picture Distribution



                            Clarius Capital Group, LLC
                                    



 





















C 


Clarius Capital Group, LLC                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



9100 WILSHIRE BLVD 340W BEVERLY HILLS, CA 90212
Get Directions



(310) 360-7000
www.clarius.com                                                                                         





Business Info



 Founded 2012
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $269,180.00
 Employee Count 7
 Industries Motion Picture Distribution
 Contacts William Sadleir                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Clarius Capital Group, Llc                                                                                               is located at 9100 Wilshire Blvd 340w in Beverly Hills and has been in the business of Motion Picture Distribution since 2012. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














﻿

























Clarius Group LLC Has $3.88 Million Position in Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Starbucks Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Starbucks Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Russell Investments Group Ltd. Has $193,000 Position in Sierra Bancorp (NASDAQ:BSRR)
15,834 Shares in Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) Acquired by Johanson Financial Advisors Inc.
Nationwide Fund Advisors Decreases Stake in Duluth Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:DLTH)
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Position Raised by Donald L. Hagan LLC
Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC Maintains Stake in Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Cuts Position in Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Increases Position in Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (AAOI)
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) Position Lowered by Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL
Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (NASDAQ:AXTA) CFO Robert W. Bryant Sells 114,500 Shares
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $1.79 Million Position in Ferroglobe PLC (GSM)
Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc.
Warren Averett Asset Management LLC Invests $1.29 Million in Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST)
Insmed, Inc. (INSM) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc.
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases Shares of 40,762 Wayfair Inc. (W)
U.S. Bancorp (USB) Shares Bought by Paragon Capital Management LLC
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) Shares Bought by Lincoln National Corp
Clarius Group LLC Has $3.88 Million Position in Starbucks Corporation (SBUX)
Rent-A-Center (RCII) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.17
Firstmerit Corp (FMER) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Finds
$934.95 Million in Sales Expected for NiSource, Inc (NYSE:NI) This Quarter


 


Clarius Group LLC Has $3.88 Million Position in Starbucks Corporation (SBUX)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

Clarius Group LLC raised its stake in Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) by 0.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 66,485 shares of the coffee company’s stock after buying an additional 128 shares during the period. Starbucks Corporation makes up about 1.6% of Clarius Group LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 10th largest position. Clarius Group LLC’s holdings in Starbucks Corporation were worth $3,881,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Alpha Windward LLC boosted its stake in shares of Starbucks Corporation by 1.0% in the first quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 2,961 shares of the coffee company’s stock valued at $173,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the last quarter. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Starbucks Corporation by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC now owns 19,611 shares of the coffee company’s stock valued at $1,121,000 after buying an additional 74 shares during the last quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC boosted its stake in shares of Starbucks Corporation by 0.7% in the first quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC now owns 11,016 shares of the coffee company’s stock valued at $643,000 after buying an additional 75 shares during the last quarter. Genesee Valley Trust Co. boosted its position in Starbucks Corporation by 0.3% in the first quarter. Genesee Valley Trust Co. now owns 32,323 shares of the coffee company’s stock worth $1,887,000 after buying an additional 92 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Norway Savings Bank boosted its position in Starbucks Corporation by 1.7% in the first quarter. Norway Savings Bank now owns 6,525 shares of the coffee company’s stock worth $381,000 after buying an additional 110 shares in the last quarter. 69.65% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




Shares of Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) opened at 58.02 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $59.58 and a 200 day moving average price of $58.55. The stock has a market cap of $84.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 28.69 and a beta of 0.82. Starbucks Corporation has a 12 month low of $50.84 and a 12 month high of $64.87. 


 Get Starbucks Corporation alerts:



Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The coffee company reported $0.45 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.45. Starbucks Corporation had a return on equity of 51.65% and a net margin of 13.47%. The company had revenue of $5.29 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.42 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.39 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Starbucks Corporation will post $2.10 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally reported by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/clarius-group-llc-raises-stake-in-starbucks-corporation-sbux-updated.html. 
SBUX has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Telsey Advisory Group initiated coverage on Starbucks Corporation in a report on Monday, March 27th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $66.00 price target for the company. Zacks Investment Research cut Starbucks Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $62.00 price target on shares of Starbucks Corporation in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating and set a $59.00 target price on shares of Starbucks Corporation in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, Vetr upgraded Starbucks Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $64.50 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twenty-five have given a buy rating and three have assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $65.48.
In other news, insider Clifford Burrows sold 114,826 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $59.46, for a total value of $6,827,553.96. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 363,343 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $21,604,374.78. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Myron E. Ullman III sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.63, for a total value of $606,300.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 24,000 shares in the company, valued at $1,455,120. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 144,826 shares of company stock worth $8,642,454. 3.40% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About Starbucks Corporation
Starbucks Corporation (Starbucks) is a roaster, marketer and retailer of coffee. As of October 2, 2016, the Company operated in 75 countries. The Company operates through four segments: Americas, which is inclusive of the United States, Canada, and Latin America; China/Asia Pacific (CAP); Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA), and Channel Development. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Starbucks Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Starbucks Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 




































Refined Petroleum Wax & Wax Blends | Clarus Specialty Products


















































 

 






























 





Clarus Specialty Products 

Providing the Best in the Industry Since 2004 

Search Our Products 







Want to Learn About Petroleum Wax? 

Curious About Melt Temperatures? 

Get the Facts 

Visit Waxes 101 







Need to Find the Right Product 

Before You Buy? 

Request a Sample 



 








 





Clarus Specialty Products 

Providing the Best in the Industry Since 2004 

Search Our Products 


 



A Wide Variety of Refined Petroleum Products


Clarus Specialty Products offers a variety of products to meet your needs.
Our product categories include Microcrystalline, Paraffin, Polyboost, Adhesives, Candles, and Personal Care.


Microcrystalline
Paraffin
Polyboost
Adhesives
Candles
Personal Care
Benefits of Working With Us


Our customers love working with us. Most have been with us since the beginning, 13 years ago. Learn why we are a great choice for your wax needs.








Great SelectionClarus Specialty Products has a wide selection of products to meet your needs.
Excellent Customer ServiceIn our 13 years in business, we have mastered the art of customer service.
Convenient Worldwide ShippingWe have warehouses in Georgia and Texas and we offer fast shipping to customers all over the globe!
Trusted In the IndustryClarus Specialty Products was formed in March 2004 in Rock Hill, South Carolina.
We Love Working With All Types of CustomersAt Clarus, we can handle any size order and love working with customers of all sizes.
The Meaning of Clarus


The name Clarus comes from the Latin word claro, to make bright or clear.


Ask A QuestionHave a question? We have answers. Contact us today and we’ll get back to you.

Contact Us Search Our ProductsLooking for a specific melt point? Use our handy search tool to find the right product.

Product Search Request A SampleWant to see if our products fit your needs before you buy? Request a sample today.

Get Your Sample 









Copyright ©2017 - Clarus Specialty Products, LLC
About
Waxes 101
Product Categories
Request A Sample
Product Search
Contact
Privacy Policy
 










 















	clariuspartners.com : About Us














 



 















































HISTORY
OUR APPROACH
OUR PLATFORM
OUR CAPABILITIES
OUR TEAM



History



						Clarius Partners, LLC was founded in 2009 by two industry veterans, H. Steven Duncan and Kevin D. Matzke, with the initial goal of assuming the third-party management responsibilities for a handful of key office and industrial development projects located in Chicago, Phoenix, Southern California and Northeastern Pennsylvania on behalf of two major capital partners: Walton Street Capital, LLC and J.P. Morgan Asset Management.
						
						Today, Clarius is a full-service real estate investment and development company managing select office, medical, industrial and land development projects on behalf the principals of Clarius as well as third-party real estate investors and owners, including Walton Street Capital, JPMorgan, and Catellus Development Corporation.
                    























 



 






Bookmark this website
Print this page
Tel: (312) 386.7150    •  info@clariuspartners.com
© CLARIUS PARTNERS, LLC. All Rights Reserved



A Dalfen Marketing Group Web project









Clarius Capital Group, LLC | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Motion Picture Production & Distribution Industry Report


















Clarius Capital Group, LLCCompany Information

9100 Wilshire Blvd 340wBeverly Hills, CA, 90212 United States(310) 360-7000 †
http://www.clarius.com


Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Clarius Capital Group, LLC Company Profile
Motion picture and tape distribution, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Clarius Capital Group, LLC Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Beverly Hills, CA, United States
Motion Picture Production & Distribution







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























Clarius Capital Group, LLC | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Motion Picture Production & Distribution Industry Report















Clarius Capital Group, LLC Revenue and Financial Data
Motion picture and tape distribution, nsk







Financials Information for Clarius Capital Group, LLC

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$0.242262 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        High
                        These businesses have a high projected rate of delinquency OR a high failure risk. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days





















﻿




























Clarius Group LLC Boosts Stake in Bank of America Corporation (BAC) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Bank of America Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Bank of America Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

SEI Investments Company (SEIC) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.56 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts
British American Tobacco p.l.c. (NYSE:BTI) Short Interest Update
Short Interest in Gastar Exploration Inc (GST) Rises By 5.6%
Neuberger Berman MLP Income Fund Inc (NYSE:NML) Short Interest Update
Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN)
Barclays PLC Lowers Just Eat PLC (JE) to Equal weight
Howden Joinery Group Plc (LON:HWDN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital
Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSA) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC
Anglo American plc (AAL) Given New GBX 1,250 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Has $290,000 Position in Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI)
Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America Has $100,000 Position in Sysco Corporation (SYY)
The AES Corporation (AES) Shares Bought by Thrivent Financial For Lutherans
Legal & General Group Plc Has $1.05 Million Position in Anika Therapeutics Inc. (ANIK)
Legal & General Group Plc Has $1.12 Million Position in Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC)
Wellington Management Group LLP Invests $335,000 in Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (NYSE:BZH)
Legal & General Group Plc Has $1.07 Million Position in Entegris, Inc. (NASDAQ:ENTG)
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Lamb Weston Holdings Inc. (LW) to Hold
Legal & General Group Plc Boosts Stake in Investment Technology Group, Inc. (ITG)
Principal Financial Group Inc. Boosts Stake in Stein Mart, Inc. (SMRT)
United Internet AG (UTDI) PT Set at €64.00 by Deutsche Bank AG



 


Clarius Group LLC Boosts Stake in Bank of America Corporation (BAC)

					Posted by Anthony Sawyer on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Clarius Group LLC raised its position in  Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) by 1.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 32,009 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 436 shares during the period. Clarius Group LLC’s holdings in Bank of America Corporation were worth $755,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in BAC. PHH Investments Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of  Bank of America Corporation during the fourth quarter worth approximately $103,000.  Integrated Investment Consultants LLC increased its stake in shares of  Bank of America Corporation by 12.9% in the first quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC now owns 4,368 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $103,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the period.  Tortoise Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of  Bank of America Corporation by 27.0% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 4,700 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period.  Gradient Investments LLC increased its stake in shares of  Bank of America Corporation by 18.2% in the first quarter. Gradient Investments LLC now owns 4,542 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 700 shares during the period.  Finally, Pinnacle Bank purchased a new stake in shares of  Bank of America Corporation during the first quarter worth approximately $122,000. Institutional investors own  65.75% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Bank of America Corporation alerts:



Bank of America Corporation (NYSE BAC) opened at 24.11 on Friday. Bank of America Corporation has a 12 month low of $14.09 and a 12 month high of $25.80. The company has a market cap of $253.55 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.28 and a beta of 1.27. The company has a 50-day moving average of $23.94 and a 200-day moving average of $23.65. 




Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, July 18th. The financial services provider reported $0.46 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.43 by $0.03. Bank of America Corporation had a return on equity of 8.11% and a net margin of 20.28%. The company had revenue of $22.80 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $21.84 billion. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.41 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 7.1% compared to the same quarter last year.  Analysts predict that  Bank of America Corporation will post $1.82 EPS for the current year. 
Bank of America Corporation announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a share buyback plan on Wednesday, June 28th that allows the company to repurchase $12.00 billion in    shares. This repurchase authorization allows the financial services provider to purchase up to 4.8% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  repurchase plans are usually an indication that the company’s board believes its stock is undervalued. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 2nd were paid a $0.075 dividend. The ex-dividend date  was Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $0.30 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.24%. Bank of America Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 17.86%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Clarius Group LLC Boosts Stake in Bank of America Corporation (BAC)” was originally  reported by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/28/clarius-group-llc-boosts-stake-in-bank-of-america-corporation-bac.html. 
A number of equities research analysts have recently commented on BAC shares. Vetr downgraded shares of Bank of America Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $26.62 price target for the company. in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $26.00 price target on shares of Bank of America Corporation in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Nomura  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Bank of America Corporation in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $28.00 target price on shares of Bank of America Corporation in a report on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Bank of America Corporation in a report on Sunday, June 4th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned  a hold rating, twenty-three have issued  a buy rating and two have assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Bank of America Corporation currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $23.74.
About Bank of America Corporation
Bank of America Corporation is a bank holding company and a financial holding company. The Company is a financial institution, serving individual consumers and others with a range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The Company, through its banking and various non-bank subsidiaries, throughout the United States and in international markets, provides a range of banking and non-bank financial services and products through four business segments: Consumer Banking, which comprises Deposits and Consumer Lending; Global Wealth & Investment Management, which consists of two primary businesses: Merrill Lynch Global Wealth Management and U.S.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BAC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC).







Receive News & Ratings for Bank of America Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank of America Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




SEI Investments Company  to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.56 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts





British American Tobacco p.l.c.  Short Interest Update





Short Interest in Gastar Exploration Inc  Rises By 5.6%





Neuberger Berman MLP Income Fund Inc  Short Interest Update





Howden Joinery Group Plc  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital





Barclays PLC Lowers Just Eat PLC  to Equal weight






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































