










 


    Michael Clayman | Flexion Therapeutics Inc | ZoomInfo.com

Michael D. Clayman M.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:06 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Flexion Therapeutics, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Michael D. Clayman M.D.Co-Founder, President, CEO, Principal Financial & Accounting Officer and Director, Flexion Therapeutics, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships65$6,922,625As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Dr. Michael D. Clayman, also known as Mike, M.D., co-founded Flexion Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly, Flexion Development Partners, Inc) in 2007 and has been its Chief Executive Officer and President since 2007 and its Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Dr. Clayman has over 20 years of experience in pharmaceutical development. He served as Vice President at Lilly Research Laboratories at Eli Lilly and Company and its General Manager of Chorus, ... Lilly's development accelerator. During a long career at Lilly, Dr. Clayman led major components of Lilly Research Laboratories including Global Regulatory Affairs (where he managed seven global submissions), Cardiovascular Discovery Research and Clinical Investigation, Product Development and Technology at Advanced Cardiovascular Systems (a subsidiary of Eli Lilly), the Internal Medicine Division and the Lilly Clinic (Eli Lilly's dedicated Phase I unit). He has been a Director at Flexion Therapeutics, Inc. since 2007. He has been a Director of Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. since July 28, 2014. He served as the Chair of Lilly's Bioethics Committee. He serves as an Assistant Professor in the School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania and is a recipient of the Physician Scientist Award from the National Institutes of Health. Dr. Clayman received a BA, cum laude, from Yale University and an MD from the University of California-San Diego School of Medicine. Following internship and residency in internal medicine at the UC San Francisco Moffitt Hospitals, he completed clinical and research fellowships in nephrology at the University of Pennsylvania.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
10 Mall RoadBurlington, Massachusetts 01803United StatesPhone: 781-305-7777Fax: 781-202-3399
Board Members Memberships
2007-PresentCo-Founder, President, CEO, Principal Financial & Accounting Officer and DirectorFlexion Therapeutics, Inc.2014-PresentDirectorAkebia Therapeutics, Inc.
Education
BA Yale UniversityMD University of California San Diego School of Medicine
Other Affiliations
Yale UniversityUniversity of California San Diego School of MedicineAkebia Therapeutics, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$500,800Bonus$330,528Total Annual Compensation$831,328
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$22,297Exercisable Options$326,738Exercisable Options Value$2,446,620Unexercisable Options$449,792Unexercisable Options Value$295,725Total Value of Options$3,038,070Total Number of Options$1,196,322
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$853,625Total Short Term Compensation$831,328Other Long Term Compensation$22,297Total Calculated Compensation$6,922,625




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Flexion Therapeutics, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Management Team - Flexion





























































 
 
Transformative Medicine... Where It Matters
Management Team
Mike Clayman, MD
Chief Executive Officer & Co-Founder
Dr. Clayman is a co-founder of Flexion Therapeutics and has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer, and as one of our directors since our inception in 2007.  Dr. Clayman also serves on the Board of Directors of Akebia Therapeutics and Anokion, both biopharmaceutical companies.  Previously, Dr. Clayman had a lengthy career at Eli Lilly and Company, a global pharmaceutical company, where he was most recently Vice President, Lilly Research Laboratories, and General Manager of Chorus, Lilly’s early-phase development accelerator. During his career at Lilly, Dr. Clayman also led its Global Regulatory Affairs division; the Cardiovascular Discovery Research and Clinical Investigation, Research and Development at Advanced Cardiovascular Systems, a medical device subsidiary of Lilly; the Internal Medicine Division; the Lilly Clinic, Lilly’s dedicated Phase 1 unit; and served as Chair of Lilly’s Bioethics Committee. Prior to his tenure at Lilly, Dr. Clayman was an Assistant Professor in the School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, where his research centered on the immunopathogenesis of renal disease. Dr. Clayman is the recipient of the Physician Scientist Award from the National Institutes of Health. He earned a BA, cum laude, from Yale University and an MD from the University of California, San Diego School of Medicine. Following an internship and residency in Internal Medicine at the University of California, San Francisco Moffitt Hospitals, Dr. Clayman completed clinical and research fellowships in Nephrology at the University of Pennsylvania. Neil Bodick, MD, PhD
Chief Scientific Officer & Co-Founder
Dr. Bodick is a co-founder and has served as our Chief Medical Officer since our inception in 2007. Previously, Dr. Bodick was at Eli Lilly and Company, where he founded Chorus and served as Chief Medical Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to that, Dr. Bodick was responsible for early-phase clinical investigation at Lilly Research Laboratories. Dr. Bodick also was Assistant Professor in the School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, where his research centered on the development of computer-based systems to support image-intensive diagnosis. Dr. Bodick holds 14 patents in the areas of neuroscience and computer science and is the recipient of the Biomedical Research Service Award and the New Investigator Research Award from the National Institutes of Health. Dr. Bodick earned an AB from Cornell University, a PhD in neuroscience from Columbia University, an MD from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine and an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.Dan Deardorf, MBA
Senior Vice President, Commercial
Mr. Deardorf has more than 18 years of commercial biopharmaceutical experience encompassing marketing, business development, market development, program management and sales. Most recently, he provided strategic commercial guidance to biopharmaceutical start-up companies as an independent consultant. Prior to that, he spent 14 years at Genzyme Corp. working on a variety of biomaterial, cell-based, and small molecule products in the orthopaedic market. Most notably, Mr. Deardorf was Vice President of Marketing for the Synvisc® franchise and led the extremely successful launch of Synvisc-One, an injectable product for osteoarthritis of the knee. He holds a BS in Biochemistry from California Polytechnic State University and an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.Yamo Deniz, MD 
Chief Medical OfficerDr. Deniz brings more than 20 years of clinical experience spanning both academia and industry. He has worked extensively in global drug development and regulatory affairs and was instrumental in the filing and approval of multiple drugs and diagnostic agents across a variety of therapeutic areas. Before joining Flexion, Dr. Deniz served as Vice President & Global Head of Rare Diseases Medical Affairs at Sanofi-Genzyme, and prior to that, he held the position of Chief Medical Officer and Global Head of Development at GE Healthcare Medical Diagnostics. Dr. Deniz also held numerous senior clinical development and leadership positions of increasing responsibilities in the Respiratory and Inflammation groups at Genentech and Roche respectively. Prior to transitioning from academic medicine to biotech in 2001, Dr. Deniz worked in the Division of Pediatric Allergy and Immunology at the Karolinska Institute Children’s Hospital in Stockholm, Sweden.
Dr. Deniz earned a BA in chemistry from The College of the Holy Cross and an MD from the University of Massachusetts Medical School. Following an internship and residency in Pediatrics at Long Island Jewish Medical Center, Dr. Deniz completed a clinical fellowship in Pediatric Allergy & Immunology at Duke University Medical Center.Scott Kelley, MD
Vice President of Medical Affairs
Dr. Kelley has over 25 years of clinical, academic and industry medical affairs experience. Most recently, Dr. Kelley served as Vice President, Global Medical Affairs at Sanofi where he oversaw global data generation, data dissemination and KOL engagement strategy for the Biosurgery portfolio including Synvisc®, an injectable product for osteoarthritis of the knee. Prior to Sanofi, Dr. Kelley led medical affairs functions at Covidien Respiratory & Monitoring Solutions and at Aspect Medical Systems. Dr. Kelley earned his BS and MS from Stanford University and his MD from University of California, San Francisco. He completed his residency and fellowship in Anesthesiology at UCSF and obtained board certifications in Anesthesiology and Pain Management. Dr. Kelley maintains a clinical practice at Brigham & Women’s Hospital. Dan Leblanc, MS
Senior Vice President of CMC Operations
Mr. Leblanc has extensive experience in pharmaceutical development and operations with an emphasis on novel drug delivery systems. Most recently, Mr. Leblanc spent over 4 years as the Director of Pharmaceutical Development at Merck Serono in Geneva, Switzerland, where he was globally responsible for drug product and process development of all large molecule programs throughout the development life cycle. Prior to this, he spent 11 years at Alkermes, Inc. in various positions, specializing in the characterization and development of manufacturing processes for PLGA based drug delivery programs as well as the start-up and operation of Alkermes’ internal manufacturing processes for Nutropin Depot® , Vivitrol® , as well as Risperdal Consta® . He holds a BS degree from Syracuse University in Chemical Engineering and a joint MS from University of Pennsylvania School of Engineering and the Wharton School in Technology Management.Mark Levine
General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Mark Levine has more than twenty years of experience counseling companies on general corporate matters, including: strategic corporate development; complex commercial transactions; mergers, acquisitions and divestitures; licensing agreements and corporate partnerships; financings; securities law; corporate governance; and regulatory compliance. Prior to joining Flexion, Mr. Levine served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary and a member of the executive management team of Minerva Neurosciences, Inc., a publicly traded biotechnology company. Mr. Levine has also served in senior legal positions at athenahealth, Inc., a network-based health internet technology company; Clinical Data, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company acquired by Forest Laboratories, Inc.; Wheelabrator Technologies Inc., a renewable energy company; and Xpedior Incorporated, an internet consulting company.
Mr. Levine holds a bachelor of arts degree from Binghamton University, SUNY, and a juris doctor degree from Washington University School of Law in St. Louis.Joelle Lufkin, MPH
Vice President of Clinical Operations
Ms. Lufkin joined Flexion in May 2011 and brings more than 15 years of experience in Clinical Operation including global studies across multiple therapeutic areas. Prior to joining Flexion, Ms. Lufkin served as Director Clinical Operations at Synta Pharmaceuticals where she was responsible for leading two global oncology programs during her 7 year tenure.  Previously, she was responsible for overseeing a Phase 3 infectious disease program at Cubist Pharmaceuticals which received regulatory approval by the FDA and also held positions within Clinical Operations at Genetics Institute (currently Pfizer) and Ergo Science.  Ms. Lufkin holds a BS in Biology from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst and a Master’s in Public Health with a concentration in Epidemiology and Biostatistics from Boston University.John Magee
Vice President of Sales
Mr. Magee has more than 35 years of experience as a sales professional and brings extensive experience in successfully recruiting and managing pharmaceutical sales organizations. Prior to joining Flexion, he was head of U.S. sales for the rare disease unit of Shire Pharmaceuticals, where he also served as U.S. sales director for its renal business.  During his time in the rare disease unit of Shire, he helped to achieve revenue growth of more than $1 billion. Previously, he held senior sales positions at Esprit Pharma and Bayer Corporation. He has a Bachelor’s degree in biology and anthropology from Hamilton College, and completed MBA courses at the Rochester Institute of Technology. Adam Muzikant, PhD
Vice President, Business Development
Dr. Muzikant joins Flexion with 18 years of hands-on leadership experience in biotechnology and specialty pharmaceuticals companies, and consulting firms. Most recently, he was Vice President, Business Development at Synta Pharmaceuticals, where he led the strategic transaction process culminating in a merger with Madrigal Pharmaceuticals, and subsequently negotiated out-licensing agreements for Synta’s oncology programs. Prior to Synta, Dr. Muzikant held business development leadership positions at AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inotek Pharmaceuticals, EPIX Pharmaceuticals, and Predix Pharmaceuticals, and also performed transaction/strategic advisory work for biotechnology and pharmaceutical clients with Locust Walk Partners. Prior to moving into business development, Dr. Muzikant led an anti-arrhythmia drug discovery program at Predix targeting ion channels. He received his PhD in biomedical engineering from Duke University, and a BS in bioengineering from the University of California, San Diego.Carolyn Scimemi, Esq.
Chief Compliance Officer
Ms. Scimemi has more than a decade of experience working with legal and contractual matters for publicly traded biopharmaceutical companies in both pre-approval and in commercial stages of product development. She joined Dyax in 2009 and most recently served as Vice President, Associate General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer. Previously, she was Associate Director of Legal Affairs and Compliance for Oscient Pharmaceuticals in Waltham, MA, an associate attorney at Palmer and Dodge LLP in Boston, and a contracts administrator at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She earned her J.D. and Bachelors of Science degrees from Suffolk Law School in Boston.Dan Thornton, MBA
Vice President of Market Access
Mr. Thornton has had leadership roles for nearly 20 years in patient and market access, pricing and distribution, and market development for a number of biotechnology and pharmaceutical firms. Most recently, he was VP of market access and patient services at Chiasma, where he built a comprehensive patient services and market access organization for the launch of an oral product for the treatment of acromegaly. He has also built and executed market access strategies at a number of companies including Shire Pharmaceuticals, Santhera Pharmaceuticals and Targanta Therapeutics. Mr. Thornton earned his BA from Duke University and his MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.Rose Villandry
Vice President of Human Resources
Ms. Villandry brings more than 20 years of experience in the Life Sciences industry where she held increasing roles of responsibility in the early stage start-up phases of high growth companies and has been responsible for creating and developing Human Resources organizations while supporting both the long and short term strategic business needs of these companies. Prior to joining Flexion, Ms. Villandry served as a member of the Leadership Team at Interleukin Genetics in the capacity of Vice President, Human Resources. Previously Ms. Villandry served as Head of Human Resources for RainDance Technologies; Sr. Director of Human Resources at Altus Pharmaceuticals, where she was responsible for creating and developing the Human Resources function in a pre-and post IPO environment; Director of Human Resources with iMarket, Inc. until its merger with D&B where she then served as Human Resources Director; and Corporate Director of Human Resources at MediSense, Inc., with global responsibility for Human Resources. Ms. Villandry holds a Bachelor of Science Degree from Northeastern University and received her Human Resources Certificate from the Northeast Human Resources Association.Kerry Wentworth
Senior Vice President of Regulatory Affairs and Quality
Ms. Wentworth brings more than 20 years of experience in both domestic and international Regulatory Affairs that spans early and late development across multiple therapeutic areas. Prior to joining Flexion, Ms. Wentworth served as Vice President, Clinical, Regulatory and Quality at Agenus, Inc., where she was responsible for leading all global regulatory and clinical development efforts for nearly 10 years. Previously, Ms. Wentworth led the Regulatory and Quality function for Genelabs Technologies, Inc., where she was responsible for advancing their lead program through Phase 3 development and into the registration phase with FDA and EMA. Ms. Wentworth also held positions of increasing responsibility within Regulatory Affairs at Genzyme.   Ms. Wentworth holds a BS in pre-veterinary medicine from the University of New Hampshire.Christina Willwerth
Senior Vice President, Program Management and Strategy
Ms. Willwerth has more than 20 years of experience in pharmaceutical development. She joined Flexion Therapeutics from Viacell, where she was a member of the company’s Executive Management team and served as Vice President, Product Development, with management responsibility for the company’s interdisciplinary cellular therapy and fertility preservation development programs. Ms. Willwerth previously served as Senior Director, Product Development at The Medicines Company, where she focused on cardiovascular therapy clinical and product development. Prior to that, she held a number of ascendant clinical operations positions at Astra Pharmaceuticals and Biopure Corporation. Ms. Willwerth holds a BS in Biology, with high distinction, from Worcester Polytechnic Institute.
Who We Are

Management Team
Board of Directors
Core Principles & Values


Investors

Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Financials & Filings
Stock Information
Analyst Coverage
Contact Us


News

Press Releases


Our Science

Unmet Need in Osteoarthritis
Treatment Landscape in Osteoarthritis
ZilrettaTM (FX006)
Clinical Trials and Associated Publications


Careers

Current Openings
Benefits and Incentives
Our Culture


Partnering
Contact

Medical Information Request Form



© 2017, Flexion Therapeutics Inc.
info@flexiontherapeutics.com, 781.305.7777
Website Design & Development by Graphic Beans
Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy

Connect with us: 







			×            








			×            








			×            











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Akebia Therapeutics Appoints Michael Clayman, M.D. and Maxine Gowen, Ph.D. to its Board of Directors (NASDAQ:AKBA)

















 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





Jul 17, 2014



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Akebia Therapeutics Appoints Michael Clayman, M.D. and Maxine Gowen, Ph.D. to its Board of Directors

 CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AKBA), a biopharmaceutical company

      focused on harnessing the potential of hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)

      biology to develop and commercialize novel therapeutics to treat kidney

      disease, today announced that Michael D. Clayman, M.D., Chief Executive

      Officer of Flexion Therapeutics, Inc., and Maxine Gowen, Ph.D.,

      President and Chief Executive Officer of Trevena, Inc., have been

      appointed to the Company's Board of Directors. In addition, Kim L.

      Dueholm, Ph.D. will be stepping down from the Board on July 28, 2014,

      the effective date of Dr. Clayman and Dr. Gowen's appointments.

    


      "Both Michael and Maxine bring an extraordinary wealth of scientific,

      medical and business expertise to Akebia's Board," said Muneer A.

      Satter, Chairman of the Board of Directors. "We look forward to

      leveraging their insights and guidance as we continue to advance our

      lead program, AKB-6548 for the treatment of anemia related to chronic

      kidney disease, and build a biopharmaceutical company that can deliver

      breakthrough therapeutics. We also want to thank Kim for his valuable

      contributions to Akebia during his time on our Board."

    


      Dr. Clayman is a Co-Founder of Flexion, and has served as President and

      Chief Executive Officer since the company's inception in 2007.

      Previously, Dr. Clayman served in senior management positions at Eli

      Lilly and Company (Lilly), most recently as Vice President, Lilly

      Research Laboratories, and General Manager of Chorus, Lilly's

      early-phase development accelerator. Prior to Lilly, Dr. Clayman was an

      Assistant Professor in the School of Medicine at the University of

      Pennsylvania, where his research centered on the immunopathogenesis of

      renal disease. Additionally, Dr. Clayman is the recipient of the

      Physician Scientist Award from the National Institutes of Health.

    


      Dr. Clayman earned a B.A., cum laude, from Yale University and an M.D.

      from the University of California, San Diego School of Medicine.

      Following an internship and residency in Internal Medicine at the

      University of California, San Francisco Moffitt Hospitals, Dr. Clayman

      completed clinical and research fellowships in nephrology at the

      University of Pennsylvania.

    


      "AKB-6548 has the potential to drive a paradigm shift in the treatment

      of anemia related to chronic kidney disease as a once-daily oral

      treatment that mimics the body's natural response to anemia," said Dr.

      Clayman. "Having focused on renal disease research for many years, I am

      well-acquainted with the need for new therapeutic options for patients

      impacted by anemia related to chronic kidney disease, and believe that

      AKB-6548 has the potential to be an important advance for these

      patients."

    


      Dr. Gowen joined Trevena in 2007 as its founding President and CEO.

      Prior to this position, Dr. Gowen held a variety of leadership roles at

      GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) over a period of 15 years. As Senior Vice

      President for the company's Center of Excellence for Drug Discovery, she

      developed an innovative new approach to externalizing drug discovery.

      Dr. Gowen was previously President and Managing Partner at SR One, the

      venture capital subsidiary of GSK, where she led its investments in and

      served on the Board of Directors of numerous companies. Dr. Gowen also

      previously served as Vice President, Drug Discovery, Musculoskeletal

      Diseases at GSK, where she was responsible for drug discovery and early

      development for osteoporosis, arthritis and metastatic bone disease.

    


      Dr. Gowen graduated with a B.Sc. in biochemistry from the University of

      Bristol, U.K., received a Ph.D. in cell biology from the University of

      Sheffield, U.K., and received an MBA from the Wharton School of the

      University of Pennsylvania. Dr. Gowen served on the Board of Directors

      of Human Genome Sciences until the company's acquisition by GSK in July

      2012, and she currently serves on the Board of Directors of the

      Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO).

    


      "I am pleased to join Akebia's Board at this exciting time in the

      company's growth," said Dr. Gowen. "I look forward to collaborating with

      the other Board members and the management team as the company advances

      toward key data milestones, including the data from its ongoing Phase 2b

      trial of AKB-6548 later this year, which, if positive, will set the

      stage for a global Phase 3 study for this lead program."

    


      AKB-6548 is currently in Phase 2b development for the treatment of

      anemia related to chronic kidney disease in patients who are not

      dependent on dialysis, with results expected in the fourth quarter of

      2014.

    

About Akebia Therapeutics


Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company headquartered

      in Cambridge, Massachusetts, focused on harnessing the potential of

      hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF) biology to develop and commercialize

      novel, proprietary therapeutics to treat kidney disease. Akebia's lead

      clinical program, AKB-6548, is a once-daily, oral therapy currently in

      Phase 2b clinical development for the treatment of anemia related to

      chronic kidney disease, a serious medical condition that leads to

      increased morbidity and mortality if left untreated. For more

      information on Akebia, please visit www.akebia.com.

    

Forward-Looking Statements



      This press release includes forward-looking statements. Such

      forward-looking statements include those about Akebia's strategy, future

      plans and prospects, including statements regarding the potential

      indications and benefits of AKB-6548, the development plan for AKB-6548

      and the expected timing of clinical trial data. The words "anticipate,"

      "appear," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan,"

      "predict," "project," "target," "potential," "will," "would," "could,"

      "should," "continue," and similar expressions are intended to identify

      forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements

      contain these identifying words. Each forward-looking statement is

      subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to

      differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statement,

      including the risk that existing preclinical and clinical data may not

      be predictive of the results of ongoing or later clinical trials; the

      actual time it takes to complete clinical trials and analyze the data;

      the ability of Akebia to successfully complete the clinical development

      of AKB-6548 or any other product candidate; the content and timing of

      decisions by the FDA and other regulatory authorities; the funding

      required to develop Akebia's product candidates and operate the company,

      and the actual expenses associated therewith; the content of decisions

      made by the FDA and other regulatory authorities; the success of

      competitors in developing product candidates for diseases for which

      Akebia is currently developing its product candidates; and Akebia's

      ability to obtain, maintain and enforce patent and other intellectual

      property protection for AKB-6548 or any other product candidates. Other

      risks and uncertainties include those identified under the heading "Risk

      Factors" in Akebia's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended

      March 31, 2014, and other filings that Akebia may make with

      the Securities and Exchange Commission in the future. Akebia does not

      undertake, and specifically disclaims, any obligation to update any

      forward-looking statements contained in this press release.

    


      Source: Akebia Therapeutics, Inc.





Contact:Investors:Argot Partners, LLCDavid

      Pitts, +1-212-600-1902david@argotpartners.comorSusan

      Kim, +1-212-203-4433susan@argotpartners.comorMedia:Feinstein

      Kean HealthcareLiz Falcone, +1-617-761-6727liz.falcone@fkhealth.com

Source: Akebia Therapeutics, Inc.

News Provided by Acquire Media







 

	Michael D. Clayman - Lawyer in Mission, Kansas (KS) Johnson County - legaldirectories.com




































tcbqxyrb


































	   Find a Lawyer
	   By Location
	   Areas of Practice
	   Experts & Services
	  
	   Products
      
       Online Store
	   Bar Links
	   About Us
	   Contact Us
	  
	   Disclaimer
	   Privacy Policy	  
	   Advance Search







Home > Browse Lawyers > All Cities in Kansas > Mission Kansas Lawyers




















Michael D. Clayman



  
    Update this Profile  

Update Basic Profile
Add Web Link
Add Mediator Listing
Add Area of Practice
Add Bundle Area of Practice
Add Bundle Biographical









Michael D. Clayman is a Lawyer in Kansas, Mission.
         

(Missouri Out of State Listing)





Michael D. Clayman
 



7408 W 56th Ter
Mission, 
		KS
66202-1229
        
      
Johnson County 





Contact Michael D. Clayman

(816) 544-2261 
















            Update Your Basic Profile on LegalDirectories.com
            by filling out those fields that need to be changed or add new information, then submit this form or 
            call 1-800-447-5375 and ask to update your Basic Profile on the Legal Search 
            Engine www.LegalDirectories.com website.





                    Basic Profile Form






For a more extensive profile 
                









the legal search engine







	 
	           Find a Lawyer | By Location | Experts & Services | Areas of Practice | Marketing Solutions | Home | Disclaimer











                      If you're a lawyer or an advertiser and want more information on how to 
                      grow your client base, please call a Sales Specialist at:
1-800-447-5375 ext. 116
Monday - Thursday7:00am to 5:30pm CST


















Legal Directories Publishing Company, Inc - The Legal Search Engine. All rights reserved








Use of this LegalDirectories.com web site and the information contained herein is subject to the restrictions and limitations described in Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
By accessing or retrieving information from LegalDirectories.com, the user acknowledges and agrees to be bound by such Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.


Legal Directories Publishing Company, Inc. - 1313 Oates Drive, Mesquite, TX, 75150 - (800) 447-5375 (214) 321-3238




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









