


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          





















Home | Clearas Water Recovery






















Skip to main content
































Biological & SustainableEnhanced nutrient recovery wastewater treatment solution that outperforms chemical options        
The Clearas Solution 








Modular & ScalableEnhanced nutrient recovery wastewater treatment solution designed to grow with customer needs        
The Clearas Solution 








Competitive EconomicsEnhanced nutrient recovery wastewater treatment solution with competitive economics at ENR levels        
The Clearas Solution 











The Clearas ABNR Solution
Clearas Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR™) system is a controlled and continuous flow environment that leverages a facility’s existing microbiology – algae and other biological organisms – to recover excess phosphorus, nitrogen and other high-profile contaminants in wastewater.
An extension of the activated sludge process, our patented ABNR system is a bolt-on and modular solution that scales as your needs grow – seamlessly integrating into your existing wastewater treatment infrastructure.
To learn more about the ABNR™ process, view our  overview video.



Phosphorus and Nitrogen Recovery to Near Non-Detect Levels
Multi-constituent Remediation 
Competitive Total Cost of Ownership
Modular and Scalable Design
Sustainable, Biological and Chemical-free






How It Performs
Achieving lower levels than any other solutions, Clearas reduces phosphorus by an average of 93% and nitrogen by an average of 33% from influent to effluent for our municipal and industrial clients at ENR levels.

  
Markets & Installations




About Clearas
Founded in 2008, Clearas Water Recovery is a team of engineers, innovators and problem solvers experienced in both startup and Fortune 500 companies. We design, build, and operate next-generation ABNR solutions that deliver the highest quality wastewater treatment to our partner-clients at the lowest total cost of ownership. We are dedicated to ensuring that our partner-clients succeed, and are backed by a network of strategic advisers that provide expertise in engineering, biological processes, and systems management.

Learn More




News / Resources


Recent News



 High Tech Farming 
 It’s not often that a business comes up with an idea that’s good for the environment and saves money at the same time. But that’s what Clearas Water Recovery, a Missoula tech company, believes it has done.

Formed eight years ago, the company has developed a patented process to use algae to remove nitrogen and phosphorous from public wastewater treatment plants, keeping waterways from being inundated with the compounds that starve fish and plant life of oxygen. In turn, the algae can be sold to other companies for fertilizer, biofuels and other uses.

Think of it as high tech farming.   Follow the link to read more... 
   

 

Upcoming Event



 GA ASSOCIATION OF WATER PROFESSIONALS 2017 ANNUAL CONFERENCE 
 Monday, July 17, 2017 to Wednesday, July 19, 2017  

 

Industry Article



 Nutrient Reduction Through Use of An Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery Process 
 Clearas is featured in the Summer, 2016 edition of Influents, the official publication of the Water Environment Association of Ontario. The article, which appears on pages 61-63, and is titled Nutrient Reduction Through Use of an Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery Process, describes how the...  

 























Company | Clearas Water Recovery





















Skip to main content













Company 










Company Overview

We’re a team of engineers, innovators, and problem solvers experienced in both startup and Fortune 500 companies. 
Our innovative solution has been delivering best-in-class performance levels since 2011 to industrial and municipal dischargers, treating more than 12 million gallons since 2014. Backed by a network of strategic advisors that provide expertise in engineering, biological processes, and systems management, Clearas is dedicated to ensuring that our partner-clients succeed.
We’re driven by a desire to question the status quo, improve in the face of challenges and always exceed expectations.
Join the Clearas Team


 




The Clearas Team

Leadership
Board of Directors





  
 Jordan Lind, Chief Executive Officer  
 With more than 15 years of senior-level leadership experience in business development, sales, marketing, strategic planning and operations management, Jordan blends his corporate and entrepreneurial knowledge to lead the business development strategy for Clearas.
Prior to joining Clearas he oversaw business development for ALPS Corporation, a nationwide financial and professional services firm, increasing annual gross sales from $20 million to $40 million during his tenure. While at ALPS, Jordan led an aggressive diversification strategy into health care, outsourced professional services, and information systems management. An active investor in early stage technology and service-based businesses, Jordan has an excellent track record of navigating the commercialization of products and services.
Jordan received both his BA and MBA from the University of Montana; the latter in which he graduated magna cum laude.
  

  
 Garrett Pallo, Vice President of Commercial Development & Engineering  
 As a registered professional engineer, Garrett has delivered high quality water and wastewater engineering services for more than 20 years. In joining Clearas, Garrett also brought the resources of a full-scale professional engineering firm and a long-held tradition for innovation to the team. 
Prior to founding Civil West Engineering Services in 2008, Garret was a partner in two consulting engineering firms where he consistently proved himself as an early adopter of new technologies. Always seeking opportunities for performance improvement, Garrett has delivered creative and cost effective solutions to a variety of municipal and special districts customers, implementing effective wastewater treatment systems and providing safe drinking water.
Garrett received his B.S. in Civil Engineering from Oregon State University and is currently a licensed P.E.  in Oregon, Idaho, and Montana.
  

  
 Kevin McGraw, Operations Manager & Co-Founder  
 Kevin blends his military background and industry expertise with over 20 years of leadership and entrepreneurial experience to lead the operations team for Clearas. His skills in solving complex problem and finding innovative solutions, at the intersection of technological and biological systems performance, are at the heart of Clearas’ operations.
Prior to co-founding Clearas, Kevin built a successful residential land development business in California, which he later expanded into Montana. Earlier in his career, he studied navigation, graduating from the California Maritime Academy, and spent eight years sailing as a Navigational Officer for Master Mates and Pilots. 
Kevin served four years as a United States Marine and completed his obligation with an honorable discharge.
  

 




 Craig Hurlbert, Chairman of the Board of Directors  
 A seasoned entrepreneur, Craig Hurlbert was named Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year® in 2009 for the Houston and Gulf Coast Area and inducted into the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Hall of Fame. Craig is a Managing Partner at BrightMark Partners, a growth equity and management firm dedicated to providing capital and resources to venture, growth phase, and middle market businesses. Craig sits on the Board of Directors at Loenbro, Inc., a diversified energy services and construction company with more than 750 employees. In addition, Craig is the Chairman of the Board of TAS Energy, a leading global provider of high efficiency and modular cooling and energy systems for the commercial, industrial and power generation markets. Prior to his role as Chairman, Craig served as President and CEO since joining the company in 2001. Craig joined TAS from Pratt & Whitney Power Systems (PWPS) where he served as President and General Manager of the business unit P2 Energy. Prior to PWPS, he served as President and CEO of the PIC Energy Group. Craig’s energy industry experience also includes positions with General Electric (GE), and Stewart and Stevenson (S&S), the world’s largest third party operator of power plants. During his tenure at GE Craig served as General Manager of Global Sales for GE’s contractual services, and led the growth of his division from $750 million in backlog at inception to $7 billion in backlog in 24 months. At S&S, Craig served as Director of International Business Development. He was also a founding member of the Young Presidents Organization (YPO) – Gulf Coast Region. Craig has a Bachelor of Science (BS) degree from San Diego State and a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from the California State University – Long Beach. He is the past President and Chairman of the Turbine Inlet Cooling Association.
  

 Jordan Lind, Chief Executive Officer  
 Jordan Lind brings over 15 years of senior level leadership experience in managing business development life cycles in both corporate and entrepreneurial environments. Jordan’s background includes senior level positions in business development, sales, marketing, strategic planning and operations management. Prior to joining Clearas, Jordan was part of the executive management team for a nationwide financial and professional services firm, ALPS Corporation. Mr. Lind oversaw the organization’s business development function that transformed from $20 million to $40 million in annual gross sales during his tenure. While at ALPS, Lind led an aggressive diversification strategy into the health care, outsourced professional services, and information systems management markets. Jordan has an excellent track record of navigating the commercialization of products and services and he is the founder and president of Inspira Strategies, LLC. Jordan is an active investor in early stage technology and service based businesses. He received both his bachelor’s and MBA from the University of Montana; the latter in which he graduated magna cum laude.
  

 Travis Joyner, Director  
 Dr. Joyner is a Managing Partner at BrightMark Partners, a growth equity and management firm dedicated to providing capital and resources to venture, growth phase, and middle market businesses. Dr. Joyner has broad experience consulting to a broad range of companies, from large corporations to start-ups. His areas of expertise include quantitative analysis, corporate and legal strategy, risk management, technology development, market analysis, organizational design and structure, market strategy, and capital campaigns. Dr. Joyner sits on the Board of Directors at Loenbro, Inc., a diversified energy services and construction company with more than 750 employees. In addition, he is a Board Advisor to Prostar Geocorp, a company pioneering geospatial intelligence software in energy infrastructure and transportation verticals. Prior to his current positions, Dr. Joyner had a career in management consulting and market research, consulting to Fortune 500 companies across the country. He earned his Ph.D. in Communication at the University of Kansas. His graduate focus was market research and statistics. Dr. Joyner also received his J.D. from the University of Montana, earning a Certificate in Mediation and serving as the Managing Editor of the Montana Law Review. He earned his B.A. from the University of North Carolina—Chapel Hill, graduating with Distinction.
  

 Dr. Art Umble, PhD, PE, BCEE, Director  
 Dr. Umble’s experience covers many aspects of environmental engineering practice. After completing a Ph.D. in biological waste treatment at the University of Notre Dame, he managed the water and wastewater utility operations for the City of Elkhart, IN, a city of 50,000 for nearly a decade. There he was responsible for strategic master planning, day-to-day treatment plant operations, regulatory compliance, facility planning, preliminary and final design of civil/sanitary systems, asset management and maintenance of the drinking water and wastewater treatment systems. During this time, Dr. Umble has also served as Adjunct Professor of Civil Engineering at the University of Notre Dame.
In his current role as the Americas Wastewater Practice Leader, Dr. Umble provides technical analysis and review support to design teams for new and rehabilitated wastewater treatment plants, with a focus on nutrient removal facilities, process optimization for capacity and performance, wet weather treatment, tertiary and advanced treatment, solids processing and disposal facilities, disinfection systems, and emerging contaminant removal technology. His role focuses on providing technical support to the wastewater facilities design staff, development of design guidelines, staff technical training, and a wide range of business development opportunities with existing and potential clients for business units across the country. He is also responsible for cultivating the firm’s role and participation in professional associations both nationally and at the State level through a wide range of participatory activities.
  

 Steve Rector, Director  
 Steve Rector is the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary/Treasurer of Cowles Company, a family-owned, Spokane-based firm engaged in print and electronic media, television broadcasting, newsprint manufacturing, forestry, insurance sales, real estate development and “start-up” investments. He holds a BA in Accounting from Whitworth University. Steve is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He currently serves on the boards of etailz, Inc., CloudEngage, Ag Energy Solutions, Inc. and 3D-4U, Inc. He is a board member and current president of the Rypien Foundation. He has also served on the board of the Whitworth Foundation and the Spokane Teachers Credit Union Supervisory Committee. He is a trustee of the Harriet Cheney Cowles Foundation and the William H. Cowles Foundation; company-supported foundations that support capital projects for civic and educational advancement primarily in the Spokane region. Prior to joining Cowles Company in 1989, Steve was a Certified Public Accountant for Coopers & Lybrand (now Pricewaterhouse Coopers or PwC). Cowles Company subsidiaries include Cowles Publishing Company – publisher of The Spokesman-Review, Inland Empire Paper Company, KHQ-TV (NBC affiliate stations in Spokane, the Tri-Cities and Yakima and various ABC and Fox affiliates throughout Montana, Centennial Properties, Inc., River Park Square and Northwest Farmer-Stockman insurance.
  

 




Join The Clearas Team
We’re always looking for the best and the brightest. If you have a passion for innovation, love finding solutions to challenges, and have experience in engineering, wastewater treatment or industrial technologies, we’d like to meet you.
Send Us Your Resume 
 





















Industrial | Clearas Water Recovery





















Skip to main content













Markets 

















Industrial
The Clearas team provides cost-competitive and sustainable advanced wastewater treatment solutions for client-partners in a variety of industries, each with their own unique set of concerns. Our ABNR solution helps these clients react to tightening discharge limits on a number of high-profile contaminants, to meet regulations now and in the future. 
Long-term solution to permit compliance
Next-generation results for high quality water
Sustainable non-chemical treatment
 Flexible, scalable design that grows with your needs


IN-CITY APPLICATIONSEase-of-integration with existing infrastructure ideal for applications such as pulp and paper facilities 



PROTECTED WATERSHEDSA solution for regulatory compliance for facilities on protected watersheds such as aquaculture 



AGRICULTUREMulti-constituent solution for industries facing changing regulations such as poultry production 



MANUFACTURINGHighest water quality re-use stream potential for manufacturing such as beverage production 

 



Highlighted Projects






Inland Empire Paper Company


Location:  Spokane, WA (EPA Region 10)    

Facility Size:  3 MGD    

Size of Clearas Demonstration:  43,200 GPD     

Run Duration:  3 years to date, advancing stages of development    


    Inland Empire Paper discharges into the Columbia River basin, one of the most heavily regulated watersheds in the country facing TP discharge limits of 0.1 mg/L by 2017. With a track record of technological innovation and leading environmental stewardship in the pulp and paper industry, they partnered with Clearas as a sustainable and biological partner for long-term permit compliance.  




Project Results


0.13 mg/LAverage Influent TP 




0.02 mg/LAverage Effluent TP(84.6% Reduction) 




N/AAverage Influent TN 




N/AAverage Effluent TN 


 
 






Up Next: Our Company 

Contact Us
 





















Solution | Clearas Water Recovery





















Skip to main content













Solution 

















The Clearas Solution

Our Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR) system maximizes the recovery of excess nutrients, increases dissolved oxygen, and produces no chemical by-products, eliminating costly disposal fees.
Modeled after traditional activated sludge processes, our patented system (U.S. Patent #8101080) harnesses microbiology in a photobioreactor environment that accelerates photosynthesis, the consumption of carbon dioxide and excess nutrients. Advanced microfiltration is then used to filter out high quality water from return activated algae, which returns to the beginning of the ABNR process.






Why the Clearas Solution




The ABNR Solution is an advanced non-chemical treatment that achieves best-in-class performance with phosphorus and nitrogen recovery to near non-detect levels, while reducing other harmful contaminants in wastewater.
As a modular and bolt-on system, our system scales to any available footprint and integrates seamlessly into your existing wastewater treatment infrastructure to prevent system downtime and flow disruption, while maintaining the flexibility to meet a variety of effluent discharge requirements.
With a competitive total cost of ownership, industry experts have endorsed the Clearas ABNR Solution as a leading technology in the next generation of advanced wastewater treatment.








We have been hosting a demonstration of the Clearas ABNR technology at our wastewater treatment plant this past summer. We take pride in the performance delivered by our existing process and team, and have been pleasantly surprised with the exceptional performance of the ABNR technology.


              Alice Godsey, Director of Public Utilities, Perrysburg, OH            


Water remediation using algae is an exciting technology that couples a critical need with a natural process. Clearas Water Recovery has taken an innovative approach to this need and developed a robust technology that is able to remove harmful phosphates and other chemical contaminants from wastewater and from impaired water sources.


              David Bayless, Ph.D., P.E., Director, Center for Algal Engineering, State of Ohio Third Frontier Facility            


Clearas continues to develop technologies to improve their water remediation technologies, including improving inorganic carbon transfer to aid in phosphate management and algal growth. Their strategic approach to technology development is unique among others involved in the use of algae and will enhance their ability to deliver optimal results for their customers.


              David Bayless, Ph.D., P.E., Director, Center for Algal Engineering, State of Ohio Third Frontier Facility            


The challenges facing the overall water quality of the Great Lakes requires that a comprehensive solution be developed which recognizes best management practices as well as adoption of technological solutions. The Clearas ABNR technology has demonstrated the type of innovative solution that is going to be required. Nothing else out there has shown the ability to achieve as cost effective a solution.


              Jim Ridgway, Member, USEPA Great Lakes Advisory Board & Vice President, Environmental Consulting & Technology, Inc.            


The 45MGD Upper Blackstone Water Pollution Abatement District has been hosting an extended duration evaluation of the Clearas Water Recovery Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR™) technology at its facility in Millbury, MA since the summer of 2014. The results obtained on total phosphorus have consistently been well below our permitted requirement of 0.1mg/L-often achieving non-detectable levels of performance.  The Clearas team is committed to making the ABNR technology a viable, cost-effective and sustainable treatment process.


              Mark Johnson, Deputy Director, Upper Blackstone Water Pollution Abatement District            


We are confident that the Clearas Technology will alleviate water stress in our region – improving the quality of life that has been essential to our environment – and, more importantly, giving us hope for a sustainable future.


              Sid Davidson, Director, The Lyndon Paul Lorusso Charitable Foundation, Cape Cod, MA            







News / Resources


Lake Erie's 2015 Algal Bloom Effects Revealed
          On Thursday, charter captains, travel personnel, water treatment engineers and business owners gathered at the Lake Erie Shores and Islands center in Portage Township to speak to the press about this year's algal bloom and its devastating effects on their industries.          
Read the Full Article » 


Pulp & Paper: A Look at Wastewater Treatment Trends & Technologies
          There are many industrial processes in use across the nation and around the world that discharge large amounts of wastewater effluent into local waterways and ground soil. Generated from a variety of manufacturing processes, these discharges often serve as a primary source of pollution for aquatic life, public health and the environment.          
Read the Full Article » 


Wastewater Industry Moving Toward Enhanced Nutrient Removal Standards
          Certain receiving waters are showing evidence that BNR limits are not strict enough to protect water quality and, as a result, these levels are still causing unbalanced ecosystems.          
Read the Full Article » 







Up Next: The Process 

Contact Us
 
 



















News & Events | Clearas Water Recovery





















Skip to main content













News & Events 












News & Press



 7/10/17 
  
 
'High tech farming': Missoula company cleans wastewater to feed algae for biofuel, fertilizer
The Missoulian
It’s not often that a business comes up with an idea that’s good for the environment and saves money at the same time. But that’s what Clearas Water Recovery, a Missoula tech company, believes it has done.

Formed eight years ago, the company has developed a patented process to use algae to remove nitrogen and phosphorous from public wastewater treatment plants, keeping waterways from being inundated with the compounds that starve fish and plant life of oxygen. In turn, the algae can be sold to other companies for fertilizer, biofuels and other uses.

Think of it as high tech farming.   Follow the link to read more...
  

 6/2/17 
  
 
MISSOULA BIOLOGICAL COMPANY LANDS MILESTONE CONTRACT IN UTAH
Missoula Current
A biological company based in Missoula announced a significant milestone this week, landing a major contract with a Utah municipality where it will deploy its non-chemical technologies to recover phosphorous and nitrogen from the city’s wastewater treatment plant. Follow the link to read more...
  

 5/24/17 
 
CLEARAS to supply SOUTH DAVIS SEWER DISTRICT with 4,000,000 gallon transformative wastewater nutrient recovery solution
WEST BOUNTIFUL, UT (24 May 2017) – Today the South Davis Sewer District (SDSD)  announces the selection and implementation of CLEARAS Water Recovery’s Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR™) technology at its 4,000,000 gallon per day South Plant.  ABNR is a key component of a $24 million plant upgrade to sustainably meet current and future nutrient discharge regulations. The ABNR platform, which is highly modular and scalable, leverages the relationship between biological (algae) and mechanical processes to achieve best-in-class nutrient removal.
 
   

 4/12/17 
 
Clearas’ Biological Wastewater Treatment Shines in Pilot Testing at Riverchase WWTP
Hoover, AL – With tighter regulations looming for nutrient limits in the Cahaba River, a new wastewater technology pilot program of Clearas Water Recovery’s Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNRTM) system recently began at Riverchase WWTP in partnership with the City of Hoover, ClearWater Solutions, and manufacturing representatives, The TDH Company. Early results have been extremely impressive with the microalgae-based system producing reductions in total phosphorus to near non-detect levels, along with considerable reductions in nitrogen.
 
   

 1/19/17 
  
 
Clearas One of "15 Montana Companies to Watch"
Montana High Tech Business Alliance
We're proud to announce that Clearas was chosen as one of the Montana High Tech Business Alliance's "15 Montana Companies to Watch" for 2017. Congratulations to all our fellow organizations who made the cut! Click through to check out additional details on Clearas plans for the future and the full list...
  

 11/8/16 
  
 
Roberts: Clean water technology could have global impact
New Richmond News
“Every batch that we have run through this plant, the final product has come back with zero detect for any nutrients. Another micro-filtration pilot program we ran, which was a mechanical process, got us to the limit for phosphorus, but nothing other than phosphorus and the cost was prohibitive. With this process, we are not only achieving no detect on phosphorus, it’s taking care of nitrogens, the BODs, the suspended solids, and the trace elements like copper.” - Roberts Public Works Director, John Bond
  

 9/20/16 
 
Clearas’ Advanced Algae Filtration Technology Produces Unprecedented Results at Fond du Lac
Fond du Lac, WI - The recent pilot program of Clearas Water Recovery’s Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR) treatment system conducted in partnership with the Fond du Lac Regional Wastewater Treatment Facility and manufacturing representatives, Mulcahy Shaw Water, has produced impressive results in the reduction of total phosphorus and other primary nutrients in the facility’s surface water discharge.
 
   

 9/7/16 
 
Clearas Water Recovery Partners with Endress+Hauser
Missoula, MT – Clearas Water Recovery, Inc. is proud to announce their partnership with global industrial control experts, Endress+Hauser Group, Inc. to provide the premium automation controls required for their Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR™) product line. The world-class components and expertise provided by Endress+Hauser are critical to the efficient and effective operation of the ABNR systems with their industrial clients.
 
   

 7/14/16 
 
Clearas Water Recovery is Posted in the WEAO Influents Magazine
Clearas is featured in the Summer, 2016 edition of Influents, the official publication of the Water Environment Association of Ontario. The article, which appears on pages 61-63, and is titled Nutrient Reduction Through Use of an Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery Process, describes how the Clearas solution achieves best in class nutrient reduction through recovery of excessive nutrients and is relevant to the Canadian Market.  An electronic version of the article  will be available later this summer, but the link below will direct you to the text of the article published.
 
   

 6/27/16 
 
Notice of Patent Award
Missoula, MT - Clearas Water Recovery is pleased to announce that it has been issued Canadian Patent Number 2800982 for its Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR™) technology effective June 14, 2016.  This patent extends patent coverage for its US Patent (8,101,080) to the growing Canadian Market.  Additional Patent filings and reviews are in progress and will be announced once completed.
ABOUT CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY
 
   

Pages1
2
3
next ›
last »

 



Upcoming Events




 GA ASSOCIATION OF WATER PROFESSIONALS 2017 ANNUAL CONFERENCE 
 Monday, July 17, 2017 to Wednesday, July 19, 2017 
 Savannah, GA 
  
 CLEARAS Water Recovery will be exhibiting at the Georgia Association of Water Professionals Annual Conference with our distribution representatives, The TDH Company. Join us July 17-19 at the Savannah International Trade & Convention Center to learn more about our Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery wastewater treatment solution and how we can help your facility. For questions, please contact Brian Richichi, Business Development Associate, at brichichi@clearaswater.com.
 
 More Information »  

 


For the Media

Receive a media resources kit – including a press overview, FAQs, photos, logos and links to videos – or for other questions and requests.
Contact:Andy Gordon
Office: (406) 203-3054



























Contact | Clearas Water Recovery























Skip to main content













Contact 










Send Us a Message

Inquiry Type *
Select InquiryClearas SolutionsMedia RelationsGeneral Questions


Name *



Email *



Phone 



Company 



Message 








 



Corporate Office



Clearas Water Recovery
1500 Clark Fork Lane
Missoula, MT 59808
Office: (406) 363-4139


CLEARAS SOLUTIONS
Jordan Lindjlind@clearaswater.com


MEDIA RELATIONS and GENERAL QUESTIONS
Andy Gordonagordon@clearaswater.com


























News & Events | Clearas Water Recovery





















Skip to main content













News & Events 












News & Press



 7/10/17 
  
 
'High tech farming': Missoula company cleans wastewater to feed algae for biofuel, fertilizer
The Missoulian
It’s not often that a business comes up with an idea that’s good for the environment and saves money at the same time. But that’s what Clearas Water Recovery, a Missoula tech company, believes it has done.

Formed eight years ago, the company has developed a patented process to use algae to remove nitrogen and phosphorous from public wastewater treatment plants, keeping waterways from being inundated with the compounds that starve fish and plant life of oxygen. In turn, the algae can be sold to other companies for fertilizer, biofuels and other uses.

Think of it as high tech farming.   Follow the link to read more...
  

 6/2/17 
  
 
MISSOULA BIOLOGICAL COMPANY LANDS MILESTONE CONTRACT IN UTAH
Missoula Current
A biological company based in Missoula announced a significant milestone this week, landing a major contract with a Utah municipality where it will deploy its non-chemical technologies to recover phosphorous and nitrogen from the city’s wastewater treatment plant. Follow the link to read more...
  

 5/24/17 
 
CLEARAS to supply SOUTH DAVIS SEWER DISTRICT with 4,000,000 gallon transformative wastewater nutrient recovery solution
WEST BOUNTIFUL, UT (24 May 2017) – Today the South Davis Sewer District (SDSD)  announces the selection and implementation of CLEARAS Water Recovery’s Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR™) technology at its 4,000,000 gallon per day South Plant.  ABNR is a key component of a $24 million plant upgrade to sustainably meet current and future nutrient discharge regulations. The ABNR platform, which is highly modular and scalable, leverages the relationship between biological (algae) and mechanical processes to achieve best-in-class nutrient removal.
 
   

 4/12/17 
 
Clearas’ Biological Wastewater Treatment Shines in Pilot Testing at Riverchase WWTP
Hoover, AL – With tighter regulations looming for nutrient limits in the Cahaba River, a new wastewater technology pilot program of Clearas Water Recovery’s Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNRTM) system recently began at Riverchase WWTP in partnership with the City of Hoover, ClearWater Solutions, and manufacturing representatives, The TDH Company. Early results have been extremely impressive with the microalgae-based system producing reductions in total phosphorus to near non-detect levels, along with considerable reductions in nitrogen.
 
   

 1/19/17 
  
 
Clearas One of "15 Montana Companies to Watch"
Montana High Tech Business Alliance
We're proud to announce that Clearas was chosen as one of the Montana High Tech Business Alliance's "15 Montana Companies to Watch" for 2017. Congratulations to all our fellow organizations who made the cut! Click through to check out additional details on Clearas plans for the future and the full list...
  

 11/8/16 
  
 
Roberts: Clean water technology could have global impact
New Richmond News
“Every batch that we have run through this plant, the final product has come back with zero detect for any nutrients. Another micro-filtration pilot program we ran, which was a mechanical process, got us to the limit for phosphorus, but nothing other than phosphorus and the cost was prohibitive. With this process, we are not only achieving no detect on phosphorus, it’s taking care of nitrogens, the BODs, the suspended solids, and the trace elements like copper.” - Roberts Public Works Director, John Bond
  

 9/20/16 
 
Clearas’ Advanced Algae Filtration Technology Produces Unprecedented Results at Fond du Lac
Fond du Lac, WI - The recent pilot program of Clearas Water Recovery’s Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR) treatment system conducted in partnership with the Fond du Lac Regional Wastewater Treatment Facility and manufacturing representatives, Mulcahy Shaw Water, has produced impressive results in the reduction of total phosphorus and other primary nutrients in the facility’s surface water discharge.
 
   

 9/7/16 
 
Clearas Water Recovery Partners with Endress+Hauser
Missoula, MT – Clearas Water Recovery, Inc. is proud to announce their partnership with global industrial control experts, Endress+Hauser Group, Inc. to provide the premium automation controls required for their Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR™) product line. The world-class components and expertise provided by Endress+Hauser are critical to the efficient and effective operation of the ABNR systems with their industrial clients.
 
   

 7/14/16 
 
Clearas Water Recovery is Posted in the WEAO Influents Magazine
Clearas is featured in the Summer, 2016 edition of Influents, the official publication of the Water Environment Association of Ontario. The article, which appears on pages 61-63, and is titled Nutrient Reduction Through Use of an Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery Process, describes how the Clearas solution achieves best in class nutrient reduction through recovery of excessive nutrients and is relevant to the Canadian Market.  An electronic version of the article  will be available later this summer, but the link below will direct you to the text of the article published.
 
   

 6/27/16 
 
Notice of Patent Award
Missoula, MT - Clearas Water Recovery is pleased to announce that it has been issued Canadian Patent Number 2800982 for its Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR™) technology effective June 14, 2016.  This patent extends patent coverage for its US Patent (8,101,080) to the growing Canadian Market.  Additional Patent filings and reviews are in progress and will be announced once completed.
ABOUT CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY
 
   

Pages1
2
3
next ›
last »

 



Upcoming Events




 GA ASSOCIATION OF WATER PROFESSIONALS 2017 ANNUAL CONFERENCE 
 Monday, July 17, 2017 to Wednesday, July 19, 2017 
 Savannah, GA 
  
 CLEARAS Water Recovery will be exhibiting at the Georgia Association of Water Professionals Annual Conference with our distribution representatives, The TDH Company. Join us July 17-19 at the Savannah International Trade & Convention Center to learn more about our Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery wastewater treatment solution and how we can help your facility. For questions, please contact Brian Richichi, Business Development Associate, at brichichi@clearaswater.com.
 
 More Information »  

 


For the Media

Receive a media resources kit – including a press overview, FAQs, photos, logos and links to videos – or for other questions and requests.
Contact:Andy Gordon
Office: (406) 203-3054













Clearas Water Recovery Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























clearas water recovery inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Industrial Services
Sub-Industry: Industrial Maintenance Svcs
Clearas Water Recovery Inc is a provider of proprietary and advanced biological wastewater treatment technology.




Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






















































 



 Clearas Water Recovery Closes $4MM Series B Funding Round 
         










    










 













 











 



















Clearas Water Recovery Closes $4MM Series B Funding Round
        																							
              











 News provided by
Clearas Water Recovery, Inc.  
Mar 23, 2016, 14:48 ET









 Share this article



























































MISSOULA, Mont., March 23, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Clearas Water Recovery, Inc., a leading provider of proprietary and advanced biological wastewater treatment technology, today announced it has closed $4 million of Series B Funding through existing investors, Cowles Companies, Next Frontier Capital and Goodworks Ventures. Proceeds will accelerate growth, attract and retain top talent, and allow for continued optimization of the Company's Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR™) platform.
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160323/347402 













 
 



"We are extremely pleased with the quality and strategic alignment of our funding partners. Completing this funding round represents a significant milestone in our business. The Clearas technology is changing the wastewater treatment paradigm, offering a sustainable treatment solution with a significant economic advantage over chemical based options. Our product is now in high demand and we are experiencing significant growth. This capital allows us to continue to develop our markets, expand our team, and further develop economic and sustainable wastewater treatment solutions," said Jordan Lind, CEO of Clearas.
The Clearas technology (ABNR) is a patented process that bolts on to existing wastewater treatment infrastructure to remove and recover harmful nutrients (Nitrogen and Phosphorus) prior to discharge into rivers, lakes and streams. The Clearas technology, which has been commercially demonstrated in both industrial and municipal wastewater applications, is timely given the significant market emphasis on reducing nutrient levels in wastewater, and where possible recovering Phosphorus and Nitrogen. As identified by BlueTech Research, excessive nutrient loading has been identified both in the USA and Europe as the single largest contributor to the degradation of water quality.
"We invest in companies with high impact solutions to challenging problems. We believe Clearas has a potentially disruptive technology with the ability to produce a strong financial return. The technology is well-timed and was designed with modularity and scale in mind. Accordingly, the Company has attracted a formidable leadership and management team," said Will Price, Managing Partner of Next Frontier Capital.
ABOUT CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY
Clearas is the leading provider of advanced, biological-based, water treatment technologies for municipal and industrial point source dischargers. Our proprietary technology leverages algae's biological benefits in a carefully controlled and continuous flow environment that removes nitrogen, phosphorus and other harmful nutrients found in industrial water discharge and wastewater effluent. Visit www.ClearAsWater.com for more information.
This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/clearas-water-recovery-closes-4mm-series-b-funding-round-300240488.html
SOURCE  Clearas Water Recovery, Inc.  Related Links

http://www.clearaswater.com




 
















May 09, 2016, 14:45 ET
Preview: Dr. Art Umble Joins Clearas Water Recovery Board of Directors






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Clearas Water Recovery Closes $4MM Series B Funding Round


 News provided by
Clearas Water Recovery, Inc.  
Mar 23, 2016, 14:48 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




	CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY Trademark of CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY INC.. Serial Number: 85899602 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Treatment & Processing of Materials S...
CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY










 
Get FREE email alerts













CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY  Trademark Information
 CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY INC.
Biological based waste water treatment services




Perfect for these industries

Treatment & Processing of Materials Services





Words that describe this mark
biological   based   waste   water   treatment   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY trademark by CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY INC. 
                                in MISSOULA, MT, 59808.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY INC. of the CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, April 9, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY by 
                        CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY INC., MISSOULA, MT  59808.
                        The USPTO has given the CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY 
                        trademark serial  number of  85899602.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY is 
                        
                        
                                            PATCHEN M. HAGGERTY of 
                                            Perkins Coie LLP,  1201 Third Avenue, Suite 4900, Seattle WA 98101-3099 
                                .
                            The CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Treatment & Processing of Materials Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY 
                            is Biological based waste water treatment services. 
                            





Word mark:
 CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

3/11/2014



  Serial Number:  
85899602


  Filing Date:  
4/9/2013


 Registration Number:  
4496223 


 Registration Date:  
3/11/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Biological based waste water treatment services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
9/10/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY INC.MISSOULA, MT  59808
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("WATER RECOVERY")


 Correspondent:


PATCHEN M. HAGGERTY
Perkins Coie LLP
1201 Third Avenue, Suite 4900
Seattle WA 98101-3099






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (040) - Treatment of materials. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/11/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



PATCHEN M. HAGGERTY


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search clearaswaterrecovery on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY 




CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY is providing Biological based waste water treatment services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 
























									Clearas Water Recovery Closes $4MM Series B Funding Round |
									Newswire
			






































 




Clearas Water Recovery Closes $4MM Series B Funding Round


Press Release
-

												Mar 23, 2016						
 





			Missoula, MT, 
			March 23, 2016			(Newswire.com) -
	Clearas Water Recovery, Inc., a leading provider of proprietary and advanced biological wastewater treatment technology, today announced it has closed $4 million of Series B Funding through existing investors, Cowles Companies, Next Frontier Capital and Goodworks Ventures. Proceeds will accelerate growth, attract and retain top talent, and allow for continued optimization of the Company’s Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR™) platform.
“We are extremely pleased with the quality and strategic alignment of our funding partners. Completing this funding round represents a significant milestone in our business. The Clearas technology is changing the wastewater treatment paradigm, offering a sustainable treatment solution with a significant economic advantage over chemical based options. Our product is now in high demand and we are experiencing significant growth. This capital allows us to continue to develop our markets, expand our team, and further develop economic and sustainable wastewater treatment solutions” said Jordan Lind, CEO of Clearas.
The Clearas technology (ABNR) is a patented process that bolts on to existing wastewater treatment infrastructure to remove and recover harmful nutrients (Nitrogen and Phosphorus) prior to discharge into rivers, lakes and streams. The Clearas technology, which has been commercially demonstrated in both industrial and municipal wastewater applications, is timely given the significant market emphasis on reducing nutrient levels in wastewater, and where possible recovering Phosphorus and Nitrogen. As identified by BlueTech Research, excessive nutrient loading has been identified both in the USA and Europe as the single largest contributor to the degradation of water quality.
“We invest in companies with high impact solutions to challenging problems. We believe Clearas has a potentially disruptive technology with the ability to produce a strong financial return. The technology is well-timed and was designed with modularity and scale in mind. Accordingly, the Company has attracted a formidable leadership and management team,” said Will Price, Managing Partner of Next Frontier Capital.
ABOUT CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY
Clearas is the leading provider of advanced, biological-based, water treatment technologies for municipal and industrial point source dischargers. Our proprietary technology leverages algae’s biological benefits in a carefully controlled and continuous flow environment that removes nitrogen, phosphorus and other harmful nutrients found in industrial water discharge and wastewater effluent. Visit www.ClearAsWater.com for more information.




		Share on Facebook
	


		Share on Twitter
	









Categories:
Water, Sewage, and Septic Systems, 	Civil Engineering, 	Venture Funding 

Tags:
Clearas Water Recovery, 	Engineering, 	Next Frontier Capital, 	Private Equity, 	Technology, 	Wastewater, 	Water 



		Additional Images

















About Clearas Water Recovery, Inc.

View Website

Clearas Water Recovery is a leading provider of advanced, biological-based, water treatment technologies.











									Contact Information
								












Tom Wenz
													Clearas Water Recovery, Inc.												

moc.retawsaraelc@znewt
																																								(406) 370-2603












									Company Address
								





Clearas Water Recovery, Inc.

	PO Box 17374	


					Missoula,
				MT									59808	


			United States Minor Outlying Islands	 







									More Press Releases
								






Dr. Art Umble Joins Clearas Water Recovery Board of Directors
MISSOULA, Montana - May 9, 2016 - Clearas Water Recovery today announced the addition of Dr. Art Umble, the Wastewater Practice Leader, Americas Region for MWH Global, to the Clearas Board of Directors. 

Clearas Water Recovery, Inc.
-
May 9, 2016













 









 



























 




			Newswire		



 




Get notified about new releases.
Sign up for email updates from Newswire.




Enter your email address



Notification Frequency 



Press Releases


Instant



Daily



Never



News


Instant



Daily



Never



Event


Instant



Daily



Never



Blog



Daily



Never



Facebook



Daily



Never



Twitter



Daily



Never





Subscribe


 




 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version




















































Clearas Water Recovery Closes $4MM Series B Funding Round - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Clearas Water Recovery Closes $4MM Series B Funding Round






Mar 23, 2016, 2:48pm EDT














MISSOULA, Mont., March 23, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Clearas Water Recovery, Inc., a leading provider of proprietary and advanced biological wastewater treatment technology, today announced it has closed $4 million of Series B Funding through existing investors, Cowles Companies, Next Frontier Capital and Goodworks Ventures. Proceeds will accelerate growth, attract and retain top talent, and allow for continued optimization of the Company's Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR™) platform.
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160323/347402 
"We are extremely pleased with the quality and strategic alignment of our funding partners. Completing this funding round represents a significant milestone in our business. The Clearas technology is changing the wastewater treatment paradigm, offering a sustainable treatment solution with a significant economic advantage over chemical based options. Our product is now in high demand and we are experiencing significant growth. This capital allows us to continue to develop our markets, expand our team, and further develop economic and sustainable wastewater treatment solutions," said Jordan Lind, CEO of Clearas.
The Clearas technology (ABNR) is a patented process that bolts on to existing wastewater treatment infrastructure to remove and recover harmful nutrients (Nitrogen and Phosphorus) prior to discharge into rivers, lakes and streams. The Clearas technology, which has been commercially demonstrated in both industrial and municipal wastewater applications, is timely given the significant market emphasis on reducing nutrient levels in wastewater, and where possible recovering Phosphorus and Nitrogen. As identified by BlueTech Research, excessive nutrient loading has been identified both in the USA and Europe as the single largest contributor to the degradation of water quality.
"We invest in companies with high impact solutions to challenging problems. We believe Clearas has a potentially disruptive technology with the ability to produce a strong financial return. The technology is well-timed and was designed with modularity and scale in mind. Accordingly, the Company has attracted a formidable leadership and management team," said Will Price, Managing Partner of Next Frontier Capital.
ABOUT CLEARAS WATER RECOVERY
Clearas is the leading provider of advanced, biological-based, water treatment technologies for municipal and industrial point source dischargers. Our proprietary technology leverages algae's biological benefits in a carefully controlled and continuous flow environment that removes nitrogen, phosphorus and other harmful nutrients found in industrial water discharge and wastewater effluent. Visit www.ClearAsWater.com for more information.
This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/clearas-water-recovery-closes-4mm-series-b-funding-round-300240488.html
SOURCE  Clearas Water Recovery, Inc.




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  













 




Clearas Water Recovery, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 11:51 AM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of Clearas Water Recovery, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Clearas Water Recovery, Inc. develops biological-based water treatment technologies for municipal and industrial point source dischargers. It provides Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery system, a non-chemical treatment solution that uses microbiology–algae and other biological organisms to recover excess phosphorus, nitrogen, and other high-profile contaminants in industrial water discharge and wastewater effluent. Clearas Water Recovery, Inc. was formerly known as AlgEvolve Inc. and changed its name in July 2013. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in Missoula, Montana.


1500 Clark Fork LaneMissoula, MT 59808United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 406-363-4139

www.clearaswater.com







Key Executives for Clearas Water Recovery, Inc.




Mr. Jordan Lind


      	CEO & Director
      








Mr. Kevin McGraw


      	Co-Founder and Operations Manager
      








Mr. Thomas B. Wenz


      	Vice President of Finance
      


Age: 41
        







Mr. Garrett Pallo


      	Vice President of Commercial Development & Engineering
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Clearas Water Recovery, Inc. Key Developments

Clearas Water Recovery Appoints Dr. Art Umble to the Board of Directors
May 9 16
Clearas Water Recovery announced the addition of Dr. Art Umble, the Wastewater Practice Leader, Americas Region for MWH Global, to the Clearas Board of Directors.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 +Vantage Corporation United States 101 Imports, Inc. United States 21st Century Energy, Inc. United States 360 Yield Center, LLC United States 3DEO, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      September 25, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Clearas Water Recovery, Inc., please visit www.clearaswater.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          





















Home | Clearas Water Recovery






















Skip to main content
































Biological & SustainableEnhanced nutrient recovery wastewater treatment solution that outperforms chemical options        
The Clearas Solution 








Modular & ScalableEnhanced nutrient recovery wastewater treatment solution designed to grow with customer needs        
The Clearas Solution 








Competitive EconomicsEnhanced nutrient recovery wastewater treatment solution with competitive economics at ENR levels        
The Clearas Solution 











The Clearas ABNR Solution
Clearas Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery (ABNR™) system is a controlled and continuous flow environment that leverages a facility’s existing microbiology – algae and other biological organisms – to recover excess phosphorus, nitrogen and other high-profile contaminants in wastewater.
An extension of the activated sludge process, our patented ABNR system is a bolt-on and modular solution that scales as your needs grow – seamlessly integrating into your existing wastewater treatment infrastructure.
To learn more about the ABNR™ process, view our  overview video.



Phosphorus and Nitrogen Recovery to Near Non-Detect Levels
Multi-constituent Remediation 
Competitive Total Cost of Ownership
Modular and Scalable Design
Sustainable, Biological and Chemical-free






How It Performs
Achieving lower levels than any other solutions, Clearas reduces phosphorus by an average of 93% and nitrogen by an average of 33% from influent to effluent for our municipal and industrial clients at ENR levels.

  
Markets & Installations




About Clearas
Founded in 2008, Clearas Water Recovery is a team of engineers, innovators and problem solvers experienced in both startup and Fortune 500 companies. We design, build, and operate next-generation ABNR solutions that deliver the highest quality wastewater treatment to our partner-clients at the lowest total cost of ownership. We are dedicated to ensuring that our partner-clients succeed, and are backed by a network of strategic advisers that provide expertise in engineering, biological processes, and systems management.

Learn More




News / Resources


Recent News



 High Tech Farming 
 It’s not often that a business comes up with an idea that’s good for the environment and saves money at the same time. But that’s what Clearas Water Recovery, a Missoula tech company, believes it has done.

Formed eight years ago, the company has developed a patented process to use algae to remove nitrogen and phosphorous from public wastewater treatment plants, keeping waterways from being inundated with the compounds that starve fish and plant life of oxygen. In turn, the algae can be sold to other companies for fertilizer, biofuels and other uses.

Think of it as high tech farming.   Follow the link to read more... 
   

 

Upcoming Event



 GA ASSOCIATION OF WATER PROFESSIONALS 2017 ANNUAL CONFERENCE 
 Monday, July 17, 2017 to Wednesday, July 19, 2017  

 

Industry Article



 Nutrient Reduction Through Use of An Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery Process 
 Clearas is featured in the Summer, 2016 edition of Influents, the official publication of the Water Environment Association of Ontario. The article, which appears on pages 61-63, and is titled Nutrient Reduction Through Use of an Advanced Biological Nutrient Recovery Process, describes how the...  

 






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


