




ClearVue Partners II, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Cai  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









ClearVue Partners II, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Unit 10 D, Bldg. 2, Youyou Century Plaza 428 South Yanggao Road, Pudong 
    Shanghai, F4, 200127Phone: 86 21 5031 8996 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2015-10-30


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-10-30


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Irene Cai 
 Director, Promoter 


 William Apollo Chen 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 


 N/A Clear Vue Partners Ii Gp, L.P. 
 Executive, Promoter 


 N/A Clear Vue Partners Ii Ltd. 
 Promoter 


 N/A Clear Vue Partners Management Limited 
 Promoter 


 Harry Hui 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 





















 







ClearVue Affiliated Partners II, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Cai  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









ClearVue Affiliated Partners II, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Unit 10 D, Bldg. 2, Youyou Century Plaza 428 South Yanggao Road, Pudong 
    Shanghai, F4, 200127Phone: 86 21 5031 8996 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-07


New


$1,000,000


$1,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Irene Cai 
 Director, Promoter 


 William Apollo Chen 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 


 N/A Clear Vue Partners Ii Gp, L.P. 
 Executive, Promoter 


 N/A Clear Vue Partners Ii Ltd. 
 Promoter 


 N/A Clear Vue Partners Management Limited 
 Promoter 


 Harry Hui 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 















ClearVue Partners II L.P. Archives - DealStreetAsia



















































































































                            GO
                        






Anonymous Tip


Login




Anonymous



Logout


















 
 







Home
Singapore
Indonesia
Philippines
Myanmar
Thailand
Vietnam
Malaysia
India
China | HK
International



 
 
 








ClearVue Partners II L.P.


China: ClearVue Partners closes second consumer fund at $362m hard cap

								By Shiwen Yap Posted April 20th, 2017
Shanghai-based PE firm ClearVue Partners has closed its second consumer fund at a $362m hard cap amid China’s emergence as the world’s largest consumer market.  


 



 





Just-In
Trending









China: QianCheng Tech closes $30m series B; DotC United raises $350m






HK billionaire Li Ka-shing acquires smart-meter firm Ista in $5.3b deal






UBS Asset Management hiring in China amid race to capture private funds market






Australia: Nuheara raises $7.19m; GlamCorner secures Series A funding






China’s bike-sharing firm Ofo in talks to raise $1b in round led by SoftBank


 
 
 





Indonesia: Traveloka raises $500m from Expedia, East Ventures, JD, others




Blue HK Investments strikes first Vietnam deal with $2.5m funding for Beta Media




Korea’s CJ invests $61.8m in Vietnam-based food production complex




Singapore: Noble Group shares plummet after $1.8b loss warning, asset sales




Co-working space operators in Asia chase alliances, funding as WeWork expands


 
 
 




 Advertisement








































 
 













About Us
Advertise
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Careers
Press Releases












© DealStreetAsia 2014 - 2016













×





Daily Brief Signup





About DEALSTREETASIA™





Meet the team





Close














Sign In to Continue Reading DealStreetAsia For Free




 Sign in with LinkedIn
 Sign in with Google
 Sign in with Twitter
 Sign in with Facebook







Email address



Password



Sign In

Forgot your password?
Don't have an account? Sign up here




Email address



Password



Confirm Password




 Sign me up for the Daily Deals Newsletter
                    

Register

Already have an account? Sign in here





We will never share your information with third parties.


 
 
 
 





ClearVue Partners, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











ClearVue Partners, L.P.
List of persons related to the company ClearVue Partners, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of ClearVue Partners, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001554465Company address: UNIT 10D BUILDING 2 YOUYOU CENTURY PLAZA 428 SOUTH YANGGAO ROAD SHANGHAI 200127Phone number: +86-21-5031-8996



People related to ClearVue Partners, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountry-  ClearVue Partners GP, L.P.UNIT 10D, BLDG 2, YOUYOU CENTURY PLAZA 428 SOUTH YANGGAO ROAD, PUDONGSHANGHAIChina-  ClearVue Partners GP, L.P.3rd Floor, Queensgate House 113 South Church St., P.O. Box 10240Grand CaymanCayman IslandsClearVue Partners Management Limited  -UNIT 10D, BLDG 2, YOUYOU CENTURY PLAZA 428 SOUTH YANGGAO ROAD, PUDONGSHANGHAIChinaClearVue Partners Management Limited  -3rd Floor, Queensgate House 113 South Church St., P.O. Box 10240Grand CaymanCayman IslandsHui  HarryUNIT 10D, BLDG 2, YOUYOU CENTURY PLAZA 428 SOUTH YANGGAO ROAD, PUDONGSHANGHAIChinaCai  IreneUNIT 10D, BLDG 2, YOUYOU CENTURY PLAZA 428 SOUTH YANGGAO ROAD, PUDONGSHANGHAIChinaApollo Chen  WilliamUNIT 10D, BLDG 2, YOUYOU CENTURY PLAZA 428 SOUTH YANGGAO ROAD, PUDONGSHANGHAIChina




ClearVue Partners, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesClearVue Affiliated Partners II, L.P., ClearVue Management, Inc., ClearVue Partners II, L.P., ClearVue Technologies, LLC












 








ClearVue Partners, L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











ClearVue Partners, L.P.  Funding details


ClearVue Partners, L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001554465Address: UNIT 10D BUILDING 2 YOUYOU CENTURY PLAZA 428 SOUTH YANGGAO ROAD SHANGHAI 200127Phone number: +86-21-5031-8996



Latest news
ClearVue Partners, L.P. raised $48,750,000 from 8 investors on 2013-08-26.



ClearVue Partners, L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2013-08-26Amended Form D$200,000,000$48,750,000$151,250,000$1,000,000806 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2012-08-24New Form D$200,000,000$5,150,000$194,850,000$1,000,000206 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
ClearVue Partners, L.P. raised $48,750,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of ClearVue Partners, L.P.
Key People in ClearVue Partners, L.P.:

- ClearVue Partners GP, L.P.- ClearVue Partners Management LimitedHarry HuiWilliam ChenIrene Cai
Similar companiesClearVue Management, Inc., ClearVue Partners II, L.P., ClearVue Affiliated Partners II, L.P., ClearVue Technologies, LLC








Last visited companies: LADDCAP VALUE PARTNERS LP, LUMINA PARTNERS LP, Lakeside Endoscopy Center LLC, Lema21, Ltd., Lion Semiconductor Inc.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.














    China’s ClearVue Closes Second Fund At $362M – China Money Network                                       Rankings Video Events Database 中文                         Fundraising, News, Private EquityChina's ClearVue Closes Second Fund At $362MPan YueApril 20, 2017 — 11:01 HKTApril 20, 2017 Follow China Money Network on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn.5shares Weibo Facebook1 Twitter0 Google+1 LinkedIn4ClearVue Partners, a Shanghai-based private equity firm focused on the consumer market in China, announced today that it had completed the final closing of its second fund ClearVue Partners II, L.P. at US$362 million hard cap. The new fund will remain focused on investments in the fast growing consumer market including food and beverages in the Greater China region, according to a company announcement.China’s total retail sales of consumer goods have grown by 10.4% in 2016, reaching a total of RMB33.23 trillion (US$4.84 trillion), which is the highest globally. As Chinese consumers seek safer and higher quality products, growth of consumer activities have been particularly soaring.“Domestic consumption contributed more than 72% for the first three quarters of 2016 in China, which is reaching levels of mature western markets. The Chinese consumption story is the most excitement investment thesis globally for the next ten years,” says Harry Hui, founding managing partner at ClearVue, “Clearvue specializes in building brands and accelerating growth of our portfolio companies.”“We are thrilled to be working with our world-class institutional investors including several global top FMCG companies,” added William Chen, founding managing partner of ClearVue, “Our consumer focused investors as well as industry advisory board bring together unparalleled investment experience, boosting our focused strategy in consumer related investments in China.”The firm previously raised its first fund at US$262 million hard cap in 2014, exceeding its target of US$200 million, focusing on food & beverage, consumer brands, Internet consumer, and mobile.Founded in 2012, ClearVue focuses on the growth of consumption in China, in the fields of modernization, consumer lifestyle, health & wellness, and the digital consumer.It has invested in 22 companies so far including mobile healthcare unicorn Ping An Haoyisheng, insurance unicorn Zhong An Insurance, and a fresh fruit retailer FruitDay.Last month, it led a RMB200 million (US$29 million) series B round in I Believe, a Henan province-based Internet-enabled convenience store company.    china consumerClearVue PartnersfundPing An HaoyishengZhong An Insurance 6shares Weibo Facebook1 Twitter0 Google+1 LinkedIn4 Related News    Most Popular News ⇨    Five Chinese Electric Vehicle Start-Ups That Could Rival Tesla 1.2KShares     With Porn Banned In China, Taiwanese Firm To Release First Chinese Adult VR Movie 938Shares     Stop Creating Bike Sharing Companies, China! 881Shares     Why Hong Kong's Government-Led Innovation Drive Is Failing 856Shares     In Shanghai, A Bike-Sharing Start-Up Discovers Users Don't Want To Share 821Shares     This $3B Chinese Tech Company Wants To Bend, Curve And Roll The World Up 651Shares      Latest News UpdatesChinese Cloud Mobile Operating System Haimawan Raises $58M In New RoundHaimawan, a cloud-based mobile operating system developer, has raised RMB360 million (US$58 million) in a series C round from investors … Xiaomi Refinances $1 Billion Syndicated Loan To Fuel GlobalizationMatrix Joins $17M Round In Chinese Smart Auto Parts Supply Chain Firm AutocloudProHony Capital, SoftBank Inject $500M To Fuel WeWork's Expansion In ChinaBike Sharing Makes Chinese Exports Cool For First Time Since Marco PoloDespite being an export powerhouse, Chinese products have largely been run-of-the-mill stuff like cloth, shoes and toys. Change is on … TVB Invests $100M In Joint Venture With Imagine EntertainmentQiming Leads $10M Round In Chinese Education Robot Developer Kuaile ZhihuiOfo Partners With Payment Service Adyen For Global ExpansionLeave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName * Email *       Subscribe To China Money Network To Never Miss A Deal China Money TVFinTech Firm TiENPAY Aims To Build Top Global Mobile Wallet Clearance And Settlement SystemSwedish Minister Says Chinese Investments Are WelcomeThe $3B Chinese Tech Firm Royole Wants To Bend And Roll The World UpLatest NewsBike Sharing Makes Chinese Exports Cool For First Time Since Marco PoloJuly 27, 2017TVB Invests $100M In Joint Venture With Imagine EntertainmentJuly 27, 2017Chinese Person-To-Business Funding Firm Iqianbang.com Raises US$80M RoundJuly 24, 2017Tasley Pharma Leads $20M Round In Chinese Innovative Drug Developer PegBioJuly 17, 2017Baidu Partners With Shanxi Province To Integrate AI With City ManagementJuly 13, 2017                                

















Clearvue Partners Management Limited - Financial Services Firm - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Clearvue Partners Management Limited





Clearvue Partners Management Limited



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Clearvue Partners Management Limited









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Clearvue Partners Management Limited is a RIA.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
N/A




# OF EMPLOYEES
None


Total Assets
N/A



Website







Location
        




There is no location data at this time.










Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on April 20, 2017





N/A
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






N/A
          
Accounts
          



N/A
          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types




There is no client type data to display at this time.









Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Clearvue Partners Gp, L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Clearvue Partners II Gp, L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Clearvue Partners II Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Clearvue Partners Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Haochen Zhao

Director Of Clearvue Partners (Shanghai) Limited
      
October, 2012
      
less than 5%
      


William Apollo Chen

Director Of Clearvue Partners (Hong Kong) Limited
      
June, 2012
      
less than 5%
      


Harry Chi Hui

Director Of Clearvue Partners (Shanghai) Limited
      
October, 2012
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees











There is no compensation data available to display at this time




















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations








































Affiliate Platform | Stonehaven, LLC






































 























Select Page


  
 



 



 










 










AFFILIATE PLATFORM 
		


 



 
 




AFFILIATE PLATFORM






 










 



Stonehaven functions as a robust platform for a diverse community of independently branded Affiliate Partner groups.
 
Affiliate Partners join the Firm to leverage our comprehensive due diligence, structuring, market positioning, compliance, sales strategy, pipeline management, accounting, legal resources, and integrated technology systems. The Firm’s infrastructure provides Affiliate Partners with the economies of scale and best practices of an industry leading institution. This foundation and support allow Affiliate Partners to focus on their core competency: sourcing and structuring high quality investment ideas to introduce to their ever-evolving network of investor relationships.
 
 
 


Affiliate Focus

Affiliate Partners focus on investment opportunities they originate and often opt into representing additional mandates originated by Stonehaven’s internal team and other Affiliate Partners. Stonehaven maintains a significant number of active mandates simultaneously across the platform which are complementary to each other in strategy, geography and vehicle structure, giving Affiliate Partners an extensive portfolio of potential products that create revenue synergies.
 
 
 

Affiliate Responsibilities

This broader opportunity set enables Affiliate Partners to deliver a more diverse set of products to their relationships and increases the potential of success on our platform compared with operating independently. Affiliate Partners also leverage other partners of the platform to expand distribution on mandates they source, often accessing different geographies or types of investors.
 
 
 

Affiliate Standards

Affiliate Partner groups are carefully selected by Stonehaven based on their industry reputation, sourcing capability, proven ability to raise capital, compliance orientation, financial stability, and the differentiation of their business model. Stonehaven cultivates a dynamic community among our Affiliate Partners who often collaborate on various mandates and/or share information on the marketplace to optimize their activities.
 
 
 
 
 




Learn More About Our Robust Affiliate Platform
Play Video






 



Affiliate Partners
 









Adara Capital
New York, NY











Artis Advisors, LLC
Washington, D.C. & Chicago, IL











Brunel Advisors
São Paulo, Brazil











Erwin Road
Miami, FL











McSween Advisors LLC
New York, NY











Phase One Capital
New York, NY











Red Cedar Capital Ltd.
Boston, MA











SandCap, LLC
New York, NY











Singular Global
Miami, FL











Titanium Capital Group
New York, NY











Torrey Capital Group, LLC
San Diego, CA








        Adara Capital        

New York, NY

Managing Partner: Leslie Carranza
Strategy Focus: Hedge Funds, Private Equity, Real Estate
Geographic Coverage: United States, Canada; Europe
Website: adaracapital.com

Leslie Carranza  |  Managing Partner

Leslie Carranza is the Managing Partner of Adara Capital. Prior to founding Adara Capital, Ms. Carranza was a Managing Director of Ridgeway Capital Group, LLC. While at Ridgeway Capital, Ms. Carranza raised in excess of $275 million for alternative investment managers in the private equity and hedge fund arena both in developed and emerging markets. Prior to joining Ridgeway Capital in New York, Ms. Carranza served as an Executive Search Consultant conducting senior level assignments for a variety of private and public real estate owners, developers, private equity funds, family offices and investment managers. Prior to recruiting she served as an Account Executive with Bloomberg LP. Ms. Carranza spent the first eleven years of her finance career as an Institutional Taxable Fixed Income Salesperson for Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan and Cowan & Company.
Ms. Carranza earned an M.B.A. from Columbia University and a B.E. in Civil Engineering, graduating magna cum laude, from Villanova University. Ms. Carranza currently holds the Series 7, 63 and 79 registrations with FINRA.





        Artis Advisors, LLC        

Washington, D.C. & Chicago, IL

Partners: Brian R. Gill, Samuel S. Glass, Corey J. Chisnell
Strategy Focus: Real Estate, Private Equity
Geographic Coverage: North America
Website: artis-advisors.com

Brian R. Gill | Partner 

Brian Gill is a co-founding Partner of Artis Advisors. Mr. Gill works primarily in sourcing and executing compelling real estate investment opportunities.
Prior to the formation of Artis Advisors, Mr. Gill was a co-founding Managing Director of Kalorama Realty Capital, a predecessor company to Artis Advisors. Before forming Kalorama, Mr. Gill was an Associate Director at Cushman & Wakefield, where his transaction volume exceeded $500 million. Prior to Cushman & Wakefield, Mr. Gill acquired and financed over $150 million in multifamily properties at Bonaventure Realty Group, where he rose from Analyst to Vice President.
He serves as Adjunct Professor of Finance and Real Estate at Georgetown University’s McDonough School of Business and has also taught MBAs at George Washington University. Mr. Gill holds Masters degrees in business and economics from Northwestern University and the London School of Economics and a BA from the University of South Florida. He is an active member of the Urban Land Institute (ULI) and the Pension Real Estate Association (PREA). Mr. Gill currently holds the Series 7, 24, 63 and 79 registrations with FINRA.
Samuel S. Glass |Partner 

Samuel Glass is a co-founding Partner of Artis Advisors. Mr. Glass works primarily in sourcing and executing compelling real estate investment opportunities.
Prior to the formation of Artis Advisors LLC, Mr. Glass was a co-founding Managing Director of Kalorama Realty Capital, a predecessor company to Artis Advisors LLC. Previously, Mr. Glass worked for Federal Capital Partners (FCP), a real estate private equity firm which has acquired more than $2 billion of real estate assets and debt in the mid-Atlantic. At FCP, Mr. Glass’ responsibilities included financial projections, asset management, investor relations, acquisitions and capital events (dispositions and refinancings).
Before joining FCP, Mr. Glass was an Investment Analyst with The World Bank’s Pension Investments Department, where he focused on limited partnership investments and co-investments with sponsors of private equity and real estate investment funds. Mr. Glass’ prior experience also includes two stints at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in investment banking and real estate principal investing, respectively.
Mr. Glass received his MBA from Columbia Business School and BA from Yale University. He is an active member of PREA and the DC Real Estate Group. Mr. Glass currently holds the Series 7 and 63 registrations with FINRA.
Corey J. Chisnell | Partner 

Corey Chisnell is a Partner of Artis Advisors. Mr. Chisnell works primarily in sourcing and executing compelling real estate investment opportunities.
With over 20 years in the real estate and investment banking industries, Mr. Chisnell has completed transactions totaling over $30 billion in aggregate, spanning M&A, recapitalizations, equity private placements and offerings of public equity, preferred stock, public debt and bank debt.
Prior to joining Artis Advisors, Mr. Chisnell was engaged as a consultant with PRP, LLC and Ridge Property Trust, raising institutional private equity. From 2008 to 2013, Mr. Chisnell was a Director in the Real Estate Investment Banking Group of BMO Capital Markets, where he led transaction coverage of public REITs and private real estate companies. From 2005 to 2008, Mr. Chisnell was a Principal in the Real Estate Investment Banking Group at Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, where he was responsible for transaction execution of public offerings of equity and debt, M&A, and private placements. From 2000 to 2005, Mr. Chisnell was responsible for business origination and transaction execution as a Senior Vice President for Moag & Company, a boutique investment banking firm focused on the sports and media industries.
Mr. Chisnell received a BBA from the University of Wisconsin, majoring in Real Estate & Finance, and an MBA from the University of Chicago. Mr. Chisnell currently holds the Series 7 and 63 registrations with FINRA.





        Brunel Advisors        

São Paulo, Brazil

Managing Partners: Daniel Rummery, Tim Chamberlain
Strategy Focus: Hedge Funds, Private Equity, Real Estate
Geographic Coverage: United States; South America with a focus in Brazil; Canada; Europe; Middle East; Asia
Website: bruneladvisors.com

Daniel Rummery  |  Partner & Co-Founder

Daniel Rummery is a Partner and Co-Founder of Brunel Advisors. Prior to co-founding Brunel Advisors, Daniel set up LatAm Capital Partners in Sao Paulo when he moved to Brazil in 2013.
Daniel also co-founded Ridgeway Capital LLC in 2007. Ridgeway Capital, headquartered in New York, is a leading global placement agent. Daniel started his capital raising activities at TARA Capital, a European hedge fund marketing firm, where he focused on global asset raising with a focus on bringing international investors to Brazil. He was successful in raising over USD $1bn for Brazilian Managers, both funds and transactions. Mr. Rummery began his career at JP Morgan.
Mr. Rummery earned a B.A. from Bournemouth University in the U.K. Mr. Rummery lives in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Mr. Rummery currently holds the Series 7, 63 and 79 registrations with FINRA.

Tim Chamberlain  |  Partner & Co-Founder

Mr. Chamberlain is a Partner and Co-Founder of Brunel Advisors. Mr. Chamberlain has been based in Sao Paulo, Brazil since 2010 and since arriving in Brazil has been an investor and partner in an Agribusiness-focused finance firm, and later worked on the restructuring of a large Brazilian asset manager.
In late 2013, Mr. Chamberlain established his own firm, Cabrera & Company which was focused on capital raising within the alternative investment industry in Latin America. Mr. Chamberlain began his career with Euromoney Institutional Investor in Hong Kong in 2000, and later joined the hedge fund database company, Eurekahedge at its launch in Singapore in 2002. Mr. Chamberlain served in multiple roles at Eurekahedge and was instrumental in launching its capital raising business, Eureka Capital Partners, and opening their New York office in 2004.
Mr. Chamberlain received a B.Sc. from Oxford Brookes University in the UK. Currently, Mr. Chamberlain holds the Series 7 & 63 registrations with FINRA.

Henry Willans  |  Partner 


Mr. Willans is a Partner at Brunel Advisors, and works closely with the Co-Founders, Daniel Rummery and Tim Chamberlain, in focusing on business development, advisory services and capital raising in the alternative investment industry.
Mr. Willans brings significant alternative investment experience to Brunel Advisors.  Prior to joining Brunel Advisors, Mr. Willans was an Executive Director and Global Head of Relationship Management for BTG Pactual’s Merchant Banking Group, based in Sao Paulo, where he led a global team responsible for all aspects of client activities and relationships across the Private Equity, Infrastructure, Real Estate and Timberland strategies.  Prior to BTG Pactual, Mr. Willans was an Executive Director at Goldman Sachs, where he led the Alternative Investments and Manager Selection (AIMS) Group in Latin America, and was portfolio manager for the group’s growth and emerging market private equity business, focusing on private equity primaries, secondaries and co-investments.  Prior to moving to Brazil, Mr. Willans was a Vice President within the AIMS Private Equity Group for Goldman Sachs based in London. Previously Mr. Willans was an Associate on the investment team for the Petershill Fund within Goldman Sachs Asset Management Division and an Analyst in the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs. Prior to his financial career, Mr. Willans served as Project Officer for BAE systems and an Engineer for Nortel Networks.
Mr. Willans holds a Master of Engineering degree and a Master of Arts degree from the University of Cambridge, Trinity College.  Currently, Mr. Willans holds his Series 7 and Series 63 registrations with FINRA.






        Erwin Road        

Miami, FL

Managing Partner: Robert Jaffee
Strategy Focus: Hedge Funds
Geographic Coverage: United States
Robert Jaffee  |  Managing Partner

 
 
Robert Jaffee is the founder and Managing Partner of Erwin Road. P.A. Mr. Jaffee focuses his efforts on capital raising activities for alternative investment managers with niche and non-correlated strategies.
Prior to forming Erwin Road, Mr. Jaffee was a founding U.S. partner for Redburn, Europe’s largest independent equity research broker. While at Redburn, Mr. Jaffee provided sales coverage to long-only and hedge fund clients in fundamental equity research, and systematic and technical analysis. Prior to Redburn, Mr. Jaffee was a Director for the Global Hedge Fund Sales division within Merrill Lynch in New York. Mr. Jaffee also served as a Director for the European Equity Research Sales division within Merrill Lynch where he spent time in London as well as New York and Boston. Earlier in his career,Mr. Jaffee also served as an Associate in the Fixed Income Derivative Sales division within Merrill Lynch in London, and he began his career as a Futures & Options Sales Trader for Merrill Lynch in Chicago.
Mr. Jaffee graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a BA in English. Mr. Jaffee earned his MBA with a concentration in Finance from the University Of Chicago Booth School Of Business. Mr. Jaffee currently holds the Series 7 and 63 registrations with FINRA.







        McSween Advisors LLC        

New York, NY

Founding Partner: Robert McSween
Strategy Focus: Real Estate, Private Equity
Geographic Coverage: North America

Robert McSween | Founding Partner

Robert McSween is a founding Partner of McSween Advisors LLC. Mr. McSween works primarily in sourcing and executing compelling real estate investment opportunities.
Prior to the formation of McSween Advisors, Mr. McSween was a founding partner of Artis Advisors, LLC. Prior to Artis Advisors, LLC, Mr. McSween was Managing Partner of MMI Advisors, LLC, a predecessor company to Artis Advisors. From 2007 through 2008, Mr. McSween was a Managing Director at Strategic Value Partners, LLC, a hedge fund based in Greenwich, Connecticut, where he oversaw real estate investment in Asia, with a primary focus in Japan and India.
From 1993-2006, Mr. McSween was Senior Managing Director at ING Group in New York. At ING he formed and served as Managing Partner for ING Realty Partners, L.P. and ING Realty Partners II, L.P., which made aggregate property investments of more than $2.5 billion from 1997-2005. Mr. McSween also directed acquisitions and asset management for ING’s proprietary account of more than $1.4 billion in sub-performing and non-performing loans acquired from the Resolution Trust Corporation and other financial institutions.
Prior to ING, Mr. McSween was a Managing Director at Citicorp, where he directed an investment banking team that executed more than $6 billion in loan syndications. He also formed Citicorp’s Commercial Securitization Group, which facilitated the distribution of performing and restructured sub-performing loans in rated, privately placed structures.
Mr. McSween received his secondary school education at Groton School and earned his BA and MBA from Tulane University. He is a member of the Association of Foreign Investors in Real Estate (AFIRE) and served as its Chairman in 2003. Mr. McSween currently holds the Series 7, 24 and 63 registrations with FINRA.





        Phase One Capital        

New York, NY

Managing Partner: Desmoine DeLancey West
Managing Director(s): Peter Rosenberg
Strategy Focus: Hedge Funds, Private Equity, Real Estate
Geographic Coverage: United States; Europe; Asia
Website: phaseonecap.com

Desmoine DeLancey West  |  Managing Partner

Desmoine DeLancey West is Managing Partner of Phase One Capital, LLC. Mr. West founded Phase One Capital in 2013 to become a preeminent full service capital raising firm focused primarily on middle and lower middle market private equity and real estate investment managers. Prior to founding Phase One, Mr. West was a Managing Director at Ridgeway Capital Group, a capital raising firm in New York City. While at Ridgeway, Mr. West led the private equity practice by originating private equity mandates, managing the projects, and marketing those funds.
Prior to joining Ridgeway in 2012, Mr. West was a Product Specialist for Alternative Investments with PineBridge Investments (formerly AIG Investments). From 2010 to 2012, his responsibilities included marketing private equity and private credit solutions to new and existing institutional investors. As an investment professional in the Private Funds Group of PineBridge Investments from 2007 until 2012, Mr. West was responsible for sourcing, performing due diligence, investing with and monitoring private equity fund investments. Prior to joining PineBridge Investments, Mr. West worked with the Mergers & Acquisitions Insurance Group of AIG in 2006. Prior his experience at AIG, Mr. West led the regional acquisitions team of the Brooke Corporation from 2004 until 2005. There his team successfully acquired 14 independent property and casualty insurance agencies.
His finance career began in 2003 with The Bank Street Group, a boutique investment bank in New York. Mr. West received a BA in English from the University of Tennessee, an MA in English from the State University of West Georgia and an MBA with dual concentrations in finance and accounting from the University of Chicago. Mr. West currently holds the Series 7 and 63 registrations with FINRA.

Peter Rosenberg  |  Senior Vice President

Mr. Rosenberg is a Senior Vice President at Phase One Capital, and works closely with the Managing Partner, Desmoine DeLancey West, focusing on business development and capital raising in the alternative investment space.
Mr. Rosenberg brings five years of alternative marketing experience to Phase One Capital. Previously, Mr. Rosenberg worked as the Director of Marketing at Waterloo Advisors, a hedge fund based in Ardmore, Pennsylvania. Prior to Waterloo, Mr. Rosenberg served as a Managing Director at Granite Hill Partners, a capital raising firm based in New York. In addition to capital raising, Mr. Rosenberg has 13 years of institutional equity sales experience with firms including UBS Securities, Soundview Technology, Robertson Stephens, and Wolfe Trahan. Mr. Rosenberg also spent four years as a Senior Auditor and CPA at Coopers & Lybrand.
Mr. Rosenberg received a B.S. in Accounting from Indiana University, and earned an M.B.A. from the Stern School of Business at NYU. Currently, Mr. Rosenberg holds the Series 7 & 63 registrations with FINRA.





        Red Cedar Capital Ltd.        

Boston, MA

Chairman: Earl Yen
Strategy Focus: Hedge Funds, Private Equity
Geographic Coverage: United States, China

Earl Yen |  Chairman

Earl Yen is chairman of Red Cedar Capital Ltd., with a presence in Boston and Shanghai. Mr. Yen has nearly 30 years of experience in the investment industry, including over 20 years living and working in Asia. At Red Cedar, he works primarily with Asia-based alternative investment managers in formulating and executing their US fundraising strategies and investor outreach.
Prior to starting Red Cedar, Mr. Yen was the founding chairman and chief investment officer of CSV Capital Partners, a Greater China-focused alternative investment firm pursuing both private and public equity strategies, based in Shanghai. CSV’s long/short equity fund was recognized by HFMWeek in 2013 and 2014, respectively, as “Best Greater China Fund” and “Best Greater China Long/Short Equity Fund”.
Mr. Yen previously spent nine years as an investment banker with Bear Stearns and Citigroup, helping Asia-based companies in their global capital raising transactions and advising multinational companies on Asia-Pacific cross-border M&A transactions. He worked on a number of landmark China transactions including the IPOs of China Mobile, China Telecom, China Life Insurance, Yanzhou Coal Mining, and Guangshen Railway. Mr. Yen started his career with Bear Stearns and HarbourVest in Boston.
Mr. Yen earned an MBA from MIT’s Sloan School of Management and bachelor’s degrees in electrical engineering and management science from MIT. Mr. Yen currently holds the Series 7 and 63 registrations with FINRA.





        SandCap, LLC        

New York, NY

Managing Partner: Jason Sander
Strategy Focus: Real Estate, Private Equity
Geographic Coverage: United States, Europe

Jason Sander  | Founding Principal

Jason Sander is the Founding Principal of SandCap, LLC.  Mr. Sander leads SandCap’s capital raising efforts which are focused on compelling investment opportunities within the real estate universe.
Prior to launching SandCap, LLC, Mr. Sander was a Managing Director of New Business Development for MHP Real Estate Capital, LLC where he was responsible for raising capital for MHP investment opportunities.  Prior to MHP, Mr. Sander worked on capital and deal sourcing assignments for several of the largest New York City based real estate private equity companies and real estate families.  Mr. Sander was previously VP, Capital Raising for Thor Equities, where he sourced the single largest equity capital commitment in Thor’s history, and worked on sourcing all of Thor’s direct deal equity capital in the U.S., Europe and Mexico.
Prior to Thor Equities, Mr. Sander was a Principal at Mercury Capital Advisors, the former Merrill Lynch Private Funds Group.  Mr. Sander also worked for John A. Catsimatidis (Forbes 400), Chairman of the Red Apple Group and United Refining, where he was in charge of deal sourcing for URX.
Mr. Sander began his real estate career as VP, Emigrant Bank, the largest privately owned bank in the U.S., owned by The Milstein Family (Forbes 400).  Mr. Sander was the top producing real estate underwriter during his 4 years at Emigrant Bank.  Prior to Emigrant Bank, Mr. Sander worked for Merrill Lynch within their International Emerging Markets Group and within the Bear Stearns Global High Yield Group.
Mr. Sander earned a Master’s Degree in Public Policy from Columbia University’s School of International and Public Affairs (SIPA).  Additionally, Mr. Sander completed his advanced real estate studies at Columbia Business School, where he remains active in the alumni community.  Mr. Sander also holds a B.A. in Political Science from Tufts University where he received the John S. Gibson International Relations Award.  Currently, Mr. Sander holds the Series 7 & 63 registrations with FINRA.





        Singular Global        

Miami, FL

Managing Partner: David R. Sanchez
Managing Director(s): Jason Damm, James Murphy
Strategy Focus: Hedge Funds, Long-Only
Geographic Coverage: United States; South America with a focus in Brazil; Europe; South Africa; India
Website: singular-global.com

David R. Sanchez  |  Managing Partner & CEO

David R. Sanchez is the Managing Partner and CEO of Singular Global, Stonehaven’s first Affiliate Partner in 2004, and has been actively involved in Stonehaven’s capital raising activities. Based in Miami since 2005, Mr. Sanchez and his team have a client base in the US, Latin America, Europe, South Africa and India. The majority of the firm’s clients have been investors for ten years or more. Many have been with Mr. Sanchez since 1989.
From 1999 to 2005, Mr. Sanchez was President of Sanchez Global Advisors, LLC, a Registered Investment Advisor, based in Beverly Hills. Between 1994 and 1999, Mr. Sanchez was a Managing Director and International Financial Advisor to high net worth individuals, financial institutions and funds of funds at Bear Stearns & Company in Los Angeles.
From 1988 to 1994, Mr. Sanchez was Vice President at Merrill Lynch International in Beverly Hills as an International Financial Advisor and was an Eagle and Chairman’s Club member. From 1986 to 1988, Mr. Sanchez headed the Mergers & Acquisitions Department for Latin America as Vice President of Bankers Trust Company in NYC. From 1983 to 1986, Mr. Sanchez was an Assistant Treasurer in NYC with JP Morgan in the M&A/Financial Advisory Department.
Mr. Sanchez’s outside associations include:

Director and Shareholder of Arrowsmith, LLC, an offshore fund of funds established in 1989.
A shareholder and advisor to the founder of R Systems, an integrated Product Lifecycle Management (iPLM) company offering valued outsourcing services to Fortune 1000, Government and Mid-sized organizations and with operations in nine countries. Mr. Sanchez served on the R Systems board of directors from 2000 to 2009.
Currently serving on MLogica’s Board of Advisors, a Los Angeles based Enterprise Solutions consultant with operations in five countries.
President of the Yale Club of South Florida.
Mr. Sanchez serves as a leader in Yale’s Global Day of Service, acting as inaugural Global Chair for two years. Mr. Sanchez was also a member of Yale’s AYA Board of Governors for three years from 2009 to 2012.
Currently a member of Rotary International, Mr. Sanchez has established perpetual scholarship programs with over 40 Rotary Clubs, with West Point, and is active in global public health and endangered species projects.
President and CEO of the National Executive Service Corps of South Florida, one of 27 affiliates of a non-profit consulting services network founded in 1977 by David Rockefeller.

Mr. Sanchez earned an M.A. with honors and an M.Phil in Political Science from Yale University. Mr. Sanchez was a Fulbright Fellow, a Ford Foundation Fellow, a Tinker Fellow and a Yale Fellow while attending Yale University. Mr. Sanchez was elected President of the Graduate Professional Senate, LLC while at Yale and served on the AYA Board of Governors. Currently, Mr. Sanchez holds the Series 7, 63 and 79 registrations with FINRA.

Jason Damm  |  Senior Vice President 

As Senior Vice President and COO, Mr. Damm brings his experience working for Goldman Sachs in NYC and University of Miami business training to Singular Global’s operations. His analytical background and emphasis on technology and documentation provide the framework necessary for Singular Global to continue its rapid growth, delivering excellent service to the increasing list of clients the company serves.
Upon graduation from the University of Miami with a BBA in Finance and a minor in Marketing, Mr. Damm started his career working for Goldman Sachs in New York. Returning to Miami in 2013, Mr. Damm worked for a Real Estate Investment Trust with properties located in the Southeast US. He currently oversees his own personal portfolio of properties throughout Florida.
In May 2016, Mr. Damm earned his MBA from the University of Florida. In his free time, he enjoys playing basketball, boating, fishing, and running. He is also the vice president of the South Florida Sigma Chi Alumni Association and serves as a consultant on a pro bono basis for the National Executive Service Corps of South Florida.
Currently, Mr. Damm holds the Series 7 and 63 registrations with FINRA.

James Murphy  |  Senior Vice President

Mr. Murphy is a Senior Vice President at Singular Global and focuses on US and Mexican clients. He also works closely with the CEO & Managing Partner, David R. Sanchez, to originate and sell select alternative investment opportunities.
Mr. Murphy is also involved with numerous entrepreneurial endeavors. He is an Executive Partner at Proton Enterprises which is a business incubator and non-traditional venture capital firm designed to accelerate the growth and success of companies through an array of support resources and services.
Mr. Murphy is also Chairman of EquityNet, as well as the Managing Partner of SlideMoor.
Mr. Murphy is involved in humanitarian endeavors serving as a Director with the LEVE Foundation, and Managing Partner with the Sitwayen Development Group, a social enterprise in Haiti focused on developing Haitian companies.
Mr. Murphy is also a certified Incubation Manager by the NBIA, and serves on the Board of Trustees for the Aurelian Honor Society, for Alpha Delta Phi, and the Yale Club of Southwest Florida.
Mr. Murphy earned a B.A. from Yale University. Currently, Mr. Murphy holds the Series 7 and 63 registrations with FINRA.





        Titanium Capital Group        

New York, NY

Managing Partner: Charles Schwartz III 
Strategy Focus: Direct Transactions
Geographic Coverage: United States; Europe; Asia

Charles Schwartz III  | Founder & Managing Partner

Mr. Schwartz is the founder and Managing Partner of Titanium Capital Group. Mr. Schwartz has developed and executed a variety of unique solutions and structured transactions throughout his 30-year career in derivatives, structured products, and alternative investments.
He started his career in 1985 at Bankers Trust, where he originated foreign currency structured products for the Market Transactions Group. From 1987-1993, he managed the marketing efforts of one of the financial affiliates of AIG. From 1993-1995, he managed the derivatives marketing business at Goldman Sachs for all capital markets clients. From 1996-1998, Mr. Schwartz worked at Union Bank of Switzerland (UBS) to manage the Global Strategic Financial Products Group, a cross-product group dedicated to solving client solutions. He re-joined AIG in 1999 to build and manage the structured products business at its hedge fund affiliate, AIG Trading Group, for 4 years until he started Titanium Capital in 2003.
Mr. Schwartz received his BA summa cum laude from Tufts University in 1981, an MA in International Affairs from Johns Hopkins University in 1984, and an MBA from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania in 1985. Mr. Schwartz currently holds the Series 3, 7, 63 and 79 registrations with FINRA.





        Torrey Capital Group, LLC        

San Diego, CA

Managing Partner: Rana Prasad, CAIA
Strategy Focus: Real Estate, Hedge Funds, Private Equity
Geographic Coverage: United States; Europe
Website: torreycapitalgroup.com

Rana Prasad  |  Founder & President

Rana Prasad is Founder and President of Torrey Capital Group, LLC. Mr. Prasad leads Torrey Capital Group’s capital raising efforts on behalf of distinctive managers specializing in real estate and private equity funds. Prior to launching Torrey Capital Group, Mr. Prasad was an executive at Equastone, a private equity real estate firm, where he focused on building the firm’s relationships with RIAs, family offices, high net worth individuals, and the institutional investment community. Mr. Prasad previously spent years on Wall Street trading equities and also marketing sophisticated, hedged investments and arbitrage strategies to institutional investors. Mr. Prasad has raised approximately $800 million in assets during his career.
Prior to working in the financial services industry, Mr. Prasad played a key executive/sales role in an internet start-up company and also worked for Ernst & Young as a management consultant.
Mr. Prasad earned a B.S. in Systems Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania with a concentration in Finance and Management. Mr. Prasad is a CAIA charterholder, and is a member of the Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst Association. Mr. Prasad serves as a frequent public speaker on the topic of real estate and alternative investments. Currently, Mr. Prasad holds the Series 7, 24, 55, 63, and 79 registrations with FINRA.

William Bohannan  |  Senior Vice President

Will Bohannan is the Senior Vice President of Torrey Capital Group. Mr. Bohannan focuses his efforts on capital raising activities for alternative investment managers and established real estate managers.
Prior to joining Torrey Capital Group, Mr. Bohannan worked for a multibillion dollar real estate and development group where he managed their capital raising efforts in the western United States. During this period he had the opportunity to develop relationships with operators and investment firms of various sizes and from various sectors. Mr. Bohannan has also spent a number of years working with institutional real estate investors during the most recent downturn, helping them recapitalize their investments and optimize their positioning in the markets during turbulent times. He has been able to add value to groups with project finance capital needs across the spectrum of size.
Mr. Bohannan spends most of his time in Scottsdale, Arizona where he enjoys golf, running and time outdoors. He graduated from the University of Arizona with a BS in Finance from the Eller College of Management. Mr. Bohannan currently holds the Series 7 and 63 registrations with FINRA.
 




 
 
 
 



Frequently Asked Questions
 
Expand All Collapse All
 
What is an Affiliate Partner?

An Affiliate Partner is an independently branded capital raising business, strategically partnered with Stonehaven through an independent contractor agreement to receive a wide range of services and support. Affiliate Partners may originate and sell their own products and may also opt in to cross sell into the Firm’s originated product offerings as well as the overall platform’s diverse portfolio of product offerings.
 
 
What are the advantages of raising capital on a third party basis over working in-house at an asset management organization?

Functioning on a third party basis enables capital raisers to run an independent business, establish a distinct voice in the marketplace, represent a diversified portfolio of opportunities, identify new opportunities to shift with the marketplace, and establish clearly defined economics for placed capital. These factors facilitate strong relationships with both managers and investors.
 
 
Why join a broker dealer as opposed to starting a new broker dealer?

Running a broker dealer compliantly, efficiently and profitably requires significant resources and extensive experience. In addition, the ever-evolving regulatory environment increases the level of complexity that needs to be intelligently managed for even the most seasoned professionals. Beyond all of the strategic benefits of the platform, Stonehaven’s compliance infrastructure enables Affiliate Partners to save time and money on legal resources, avoid hiring additional or ineffective compliance personnel, bypass the need to complete annual audits, leverage the Firm’s strong experience interfacing with regulators, and utilize the Firm’s integrated systems and procedures which are tested and continually evaluated for improvement.
 
 
What are the potential advantages of joining Stonehaven’s Affiliate Platform over a non-strategic broker dealer relationship?

Stonehaven’s architecture has been specifically designed for the alternative capital raising industry and is then custom-tailored to each Affiliate Partner group. Affiliate Partners can sell (i) directly sourced mandates as well as (ii) generate additional revenues by cross-selling opportunities across the platform, which represents a significant source of Stonehaven’s activity since inception. Affiliate Partners leverage the industry expertise of Stonehaven’s team to help guide their business models knowing that the Firm is aligned with their success.
 
 
How are Affiliate Partners branded in the marketplace?

Affiliate Partners each run their own independently branded businesses which allows them to build differentiated identities in the marketplace, each with a different approach toward product mix and target investor audience. Maintaining different brands allow Affiliate Partners to interface with overlapping investors while keeping distinct direct relationships.
 
 
What are some of the regulatory requirements to operating as an Affiliate Partner?

Affiliate Partners must be registered representatives of Stonehaven’s broker dealer with requisite licenses based on the type of activity and level of supervision. All contracts are run through the broker dealer and are subject to approval after legal and due diligence review. Sales activity and transaction closings must be conducted according to defined protocols, tracked and overseen by Stonehaven. All revenues are processed through the broker dealer and paid directly to registered representatives. Continuing education requirements must be met. All outside business activity must be approved and monitored by Stonehaven (note that Stonehaven does not consider any financial activity to be outside business activity). Please note that regulatory requirements can be complex based on the scenario. The aforementioned items are not a complete universe. For more comprehensive information, please contact us directly.
 
 
What is the approval process for opportunities sourced by an Affiliate Partner?

Stonehaven conducts comprehensive upfront and ongoing due diligence on all managers on the platform. The Firm consistently strives to be efficient without compromising thoroughness or process. Managers must meet high institutional standards and have a strong reputation in the marketplace.
 
 
What role does Stonehaven play in helping structure and negotiate referral agreements with managers sourced by Affiliate Partners?

Stonehaven plays an integral role in assisting Affiliate Partners with structuring and negotiating referral agreements with managers, leveraging extensive experience navigating the negotiation process over scores of agreements. Stonehaven has worked intensively with external counsel to ensure that foundational language in our library of template agreements is comprehensive and fair. Affiliate Partners retain ownership of decision making on final business and economic terms, and Stonehaven ensures that all compliance and other terms are addressed accordingly. This results in a significant reduction in legal expenses for our Affiliate Partners and demonstrates an institutional approach to each prospective external manager.
 
 
What payout does an Affiliate Partner receive for producing revenue?

Stonehaven embraces a fair and equitable approach to economics with our Affiliate Partners which are effectively categorized into one of three distinct silos. Payout percentages directly correlate with the amount of value added by the participants in each scenario:

An Affiliate Partner selling a mandate that they have sourced commands the highest payout percentage.
An Affiliate Partner selling a mandate sourced by Stonehaven provides a compelling payout by industry standards.
Two Affiliate Partners cross-market a product where Stonehaven has a fixed percentage and the Affiliate Partners have the flexibility to negotiate their respective economics.

Stonehaven requires a minimum baseline level of revenue for supporting the activity of each Affiliate Partner.
 
 
What are the costs associated with operating as an Affiliate Partner?

Affiliate Partners reimburse Stonehaven for costs of regulatory registrations and outside service providers specific to their activity. Typically this is a relatively de minimis amount for items such as state registrations and IT support. Stonehaven has a robust legal template library and helps Affiliate Partners make adjustments to contracts, but occasionally complex legal situations necessitate use of outside legal counsel. Stonehaven provides a baseline level of accounting support as part of being on the platform, and Affiliate Partners can opt into premium accounting services for more robust support and analysis.
 
 
How much working capital does an Affiliate Partner need to start a new capital raising venture?

While prospective Affiliate Partners with recurring revenue streams are an ideal fit, Stonehaven knows from experience that some of the best Affiliate Partners start off as new ventures. Prospective Affiliate Partners launching their business should have ample working capital available to build a pipeline, close placements, generate revenue, and allow managers time to make payments after closing their books. For newly launching businesses, Stonehaven believes it is prudent to conservatively assume that it takes approximately a year to start producing material revenues and possibly longer to achieve profitability depending on a variety of factors. The day-to-day cost of running a capital raising business can be variable depending on the approach, but living costs must always be factored in as well. While ramping up can be difficult, the long-term economics of the business can be quite rewarding.
 
 
How long does it take to transition an Affiliate Partner onto Stonehaven's platform?

While each on-boarding transition is unique, Stonehaven aims to run a highly systematic process taking between two and six weeks contingent on the head count, number of mandates to onboard, existing registrations in place with FINRA, IT specifications, locales, and other factors related to each prospective Affiliate Partner. Stonehaven takes pride in approaching each transition with comprehensively mapped out timelines, correlating checklists, and delegated task ownership prioritized across the spectrum of items to be addressed from start to finish. Effective management of expectations is critical for all parties, and Stonehaven’s comprehensive on-boarding execution ability facilitates transitions to minimize the impact on revenue generating activities.
 
 
 
 
 




Join the Affiliate Platform

Get Started

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

























Funds - Crow Holdings Capital Real Estate















































menuclose



Contact
Client Login















Funds






Since 1998, CHC–Real Estate and CHC-affiliated entities have managed nine private equity real estate funds. Equity capital from these funds totals approximately $6.59 billion, approximately $824 million of which has been committed by Crow Holdings. With this equity capital, nearly $17.9 billion in assets have been acquired or developed as of September 30, 2016.






Year Raised
Year Placed
Total Equity Raised
Equity from Crow Family Holdings
# of Transactions
Average Equity/Trn




Fund VII
2014
2014 - 
$1.854B
$100M
76
$17M


Fund VI
2012
2012 -2014
$1.067B
$75M
61
$17M


Fund V
2008
2008 - 2012
$952M
$150M
53
$18M


Fund IV
2006
2006 - 2008
$847M
$150M
54
$15M


Fund III
2003
2003 - 2006
$596M
$150M
42
$11M


Fund II
2000
2000 - 2003
$365M
$75M
41
$8M


Fund I
1998
1998 - 2001
$281M	
$75M	
42
$5M	


Retail Fund I
2014
2014 - 
$295M
$20M
72
$3M


Retail Fund II
2016
N/A
$$417M
$$20M
N/A
$N/A













2014 – Fund VII: Crow Holdings Realty Partners VII, L.P.

In December 2015, Crow Holdings Realty Partners VII, L.P. (together with its parallel vehicles “Fund VII”) closed with $1.854 billion in commitments. As of September 30, 2016, Fund VII has invested in 76 transactions with gross investments totaling more than $3.7 billion (including co-investments). 
Learn More









2013 – Fund VI: Crow Holdings Realty Partners VI, L.P.

In August 2013, Fund VI closed with $1.067 billion in commitments. As of September 30, 2016, Fund VI has invested in 61 transactions with gross investments totaling more than $3.0 billion (including co-investments). 
Learn More









2008 – Fund V: Crow Holdings Realty Partners V, L.P.

In December 2008, Fund V closed with $952 million in commitments. Fund V invested in 53 transactions with gross investments totaling more than $2.8 billion (including co-investments). 
Learn More









2006 – Fund IV: Crow Holdings Realty Partners IV, L.P.

In April 2006, Fund IV closed with $847 million in commitments. Fund IV invested in 54 transactions with gross investments totaling more than $2.3 billion (including co-investments). 
Learn More









2003 – Fund III: Crow Holdings Realty Partners III, L.P.

In October 2003, Fund III closed with $596 million in commitments. Fund III invested in 42 transactions with gross investments totaling more than $1.8 billion (including co-investments).  
Learn More









2000 – Fund II: Crow Holdings Realty Partners II, L.P.

In March 2000, Fund II closed with $365 million in commitments. Fund II invested in 41 transactions with gross investments totaling more than $1.3 billion (including co-investments).  
Learn More









1998 – Fund I: Crow Family Holdings Realty Partners, L.P.

In February 1998, Fund I closed with $281 million in commitments. Fund I invested in 42 transactions with gross investments totaling more than $2.9 billion (including co-investments).  
Learn More









2015 – Retail Fund I: Crow Holdings Retail Fund, L.P.

In June 2015 Crow Holdings Retail Fund, L.P. closed with $295.0 million in commitments. As of September 30, 2016, Retail Fund I has invested in 72 transactions with gross investments totaling approximately $149 million (including co-investments). 
Learn More









2016 – Retail Fund II: Crow Holdings Retail Fund II, L.P.

In September 2016, Crow Holdings Retail Fund II, L.P. closed with $417.0 million in commitments. As of September 30, 2016, Retail Fund II has not closed any investments. 
Learn More












 
























Clearvue Partners Management Limited - Financial Services Firm - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Clearvue Partners Management Limited





Clearvue Partners Management Limited



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Clearvue Partners Management Limited









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Clearvue Partners Management Limited is a RIA.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
N/A




# OF EMPLOYEES
None


Total Assets
N/A



Website







Location
        




There is no location data at this time.










Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on April 20, 2017





N/A
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






N/A
          
Accounts
          



N/A
          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types




There is no client type data to display at this time.









Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Clearvue Partners Gp, L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Clearvue Partners II Gp, L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Clearvue Partners II Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Clearvue Partners Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Haochen Zhao

Director Of Clearvue Partners (Shanghai) Limited
      
October, 2012
      
less than 5%
      


William Apollo Chen

Director Of Clearvue Partners (Hong Kong) Limited
      
June, 2012
      
less than 5%
      


Harry Chi Hui

Director Of Clearvue Partners (Shanghai) Limited
      
October, 2012
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees











There is no compensation data available to display at this time




















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations

































