   Cliff’s Drilling Ltd. | Water Wells Bashaw, AB | Home        Send to a friend Send the url of this page to a friend of yours                               Tweet          Call Us 24/7!               403-302-2102                                                Phone: 403-302-2102 |cliffsdrilling@hotmail.com Cliff’s Drilling Ltd.: Serving Properties in Central Alberta Since 1972Cliff’s Drilling Ltd. is a family run company which has been in business for over 40 years. Our fully licensed and insured technicians are all experienced in drilling water wells in and around Central Alberta. We’ve gained hundreds of clients over the years thanks to clean drinking water produced from our properly designed water wells. We use PVC casing in the majority of our well installations. Unlike steel casings, PVC prevents corrosion, which means it won’t need a replacement for generations. From well plugging and repairs to pump pressure system installations, we’re your source for potable on-property water solutions.Decades of ExperienceCliff’s Drilling really began in the 1940s when Walter Buelow started drilling water wells near Bashaw, Alberta. Today, Clifford and son Phillip Buelow have refined traditional well drilling techniques to fit various properties. Our team of hardworking, courteous journeymen is proud to offer personalized services with expert workmanship.The Right Water System for Your PropertyEvery water well owner should feel confident in the safety and upkeep of their system. We believe it is our responsibility at Cliff’s Drilling to help your protect your investment by educating and advising you on what well system works best for your property.If you have any questions about your well, we invite you to ask Cliff or Phil at any time during and after the construction process. Call us today to schedule your free site consultation and estimate.     Water Well DrillingTrust Cliff’s Drilling for all your water well needs. Learn More  Professional Affiliations    Alberta Water Well Drilling Association     Alberta Construction Safety Association     Water Well DrillingTrust Cliff’s Drilling for all your water well needs. Learn More Pre-Drilling for PilesCount on us for pile drilling across all Alberta. Expert Service Additional ServicesFor environmental drilling and more, count on Cliff's! Read On              Copyright Cliff’s Drilling Ltd. 2017 - Legal   Created by      Legal notice              

Cliffs Drilling Co: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















cliffs drilling co
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Energy
Industry: Oil, Gas & Coal
Sub-Industry: Oil & Gas Services & Equip
Cliffs Drilling Company is an international contract drilling and engineering company.  The Company drills, provides engineering services, and develops and operates mobile offshore production units.  Cliffs' operations are concentrated in the Texas/Louisiana Gulf Coast region, Venezuela, and the Middle East.  The Company owns 16 jack-up drilling rigs, 11 land rigs, and 3 platform rigs.




Corporate Information
Address:

1200 Smith Street
Suite 300
Houston, TX 77002
United States


Phone:
713-651-9426


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.todco.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 11:57 AM ET
Energy Equipment and Services

Company Overview of Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
On December 2, 2016, Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. went out of business as per its Chapter 11 liquidation filing under bankruptcy. Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. provides offshore contract drilling services. It provides daywork and turnkey drilling services; marine and land contract drilling services; and engineering services and management services. The company also provides the development and operation of mobile offshore production units. The company was formerly known as New Cliffs Drilling Co and changed its name to Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. in August, 1988. The company was incorporated in 1988 and is based in Houston, Texas. As of December 7,1998, Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. opera...
On December 2, 2016, Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. went out of business as per its Chapter 11 liquidation filing under bankruptcy. Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. provides offshore contract drilling services. It provides daywork and turnkey drilling services; marine and land contract drilling services; and engineering services and management services. The company also provides the development and operation of mobile offshore production units. The company was formerly known as New Cliffs Drilling Co and changed its name to Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. in August, 1988. The company was incorporated in 1988 and is based in Houston, Texas. As of December 7,1998, Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Hercules Offshore, Inc.
Detailed Description


14701 Saint Marys LaneHouston, TX 77079-2921United StatesFounded in 1988



Phone: 281-749-1000








Key Executives for Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc.


Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. Key Developments

Motion for Asset Sale Filed by Hercules Offshore, Inc.
Nov 30 16
Hercules Offshore, Inc. filed a motion in the US Bankruptcy Court for the sale of certain assets on November 30, 2016. The debtor seeks the Court’s approval for the sale of certain assets to Enterprise Offshore Drilling LLC, the stalking horse bidder, for a purchase price of $18 million in cash pursuant to the asset purchase agreement dated November 18, 2016. The debtor’s assets include Gulf of Mexico fleet of jack-up drilling rig. Each qualified bidder must make a good faith deposit of $1.8 million. To qualify as a qualified bidder, interested parties should submit their bids by January 9, 2017. The initial minimum overbid should be at least $0.5 million more than the initial purchase price plus breakup fees. The debtor has scheduled an auction on January 12, 2017. At the auction, the subsequent bids would be in increments of $0.25 million. The stalking horse bidder would be entitled to a break-up fee of $0.63 million and expense reimbursement of $0.3 million in case of termination of the asset purchase agreement. The sale hearing is scheduled for January 18, 2017. Thompson & Knight LLP and Locke Lord LLP acted as advisors to the buyer.


Motion for Asset Sale Filed by Cliffs Drilling Company
Nov 29 16
Cliffs Drilling Company, affiliate of Hercules Offshore, Inc., filed a motion in the US Bankruptcy Court for the sale of certain assets on November 29, 2016. The debtor seeks the Court’s approval for the sale of certain assets to Lexanda International Limited in a private sale for a purchase price of $1 million in cash pursuant to the asset purchase agreement dated October 31, 2016. The debtor’s assets include jackup drilling rig named Hercules 208. Each qualified bidder must make a good faith deposit of $0.1 million. The sale hearing is scheduled for December 13, 2016.


First Amended Joint Liquidation Plan and Disclosure Statement Approved for  Hercules Offshore, Inc.
Nov 15 16
The US Bankruptcy Court approved the first amended disclosure statement and plan of liquidation of Hercules Offshore, Inc. on November 15, 2016. The debtor had filed its first amended disclosure statement and plan in the Court on October 18, 2016. As per the amended plan, Administrative Claims, US Trustee Fees, Fee Claims, Priority Non-Tax Claims, Priority Tax Claims, and General Unsecured Claims shall be paid in full in Cash. Other Secured Claims shall be paid in full in cash or reinstated. First Lien Claims shall receive its Pro Rata share of Acceptance Lender Wind Down Claim and 100% of the Class A Wind Down Entity Interests, if Class 7 votes to accept the Plan; and Rejection Lender Wind Down Claim, if Class 7 votes to reject the Plan. Intercompany Claims shall be adjusted, continued or discharged to the extent determined by the Debtors. Intercompany Interests and Other Equity Interests shall be cancelled and not receive any distribution. HERO Common Stock receive its Pro Rata share of Shareholder Effective Date Cash Distribution and 100% of the Class B Wind Down Entity Interests, if Class 7 votes to accept the Plan; and 100% of Wind Down Entity Interests, if Class 7 votes to reject the Plan. The plan shall be funded from sale of assets of debtor.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Engineering & Manufacturing LLC United States 1845 Oil Field Services United States 1st Resource Group, Inc. United States 2-J Well Service LLC United States 212 Resources Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Cliff S Drilling Trinidad Offshore in Houston, TX
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Cliff S Drilling Trinidad Offshore, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Cliff S Drilling Trinidad Offshore

Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore exports to Hercules Offshore through the port of Houston, Texas        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Cliff S Drilling Trinidad Offshore and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 LULULEMON USA INC
 DISNEY THEME PARK MERCHANDISE (OLD
 NISSAN MOTOR IBERICA SA
 BOEING SUPPORT SERVICES
 GENERAL MOTORS CANADA LIMITED
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Cliff S Drilling Trinidad Offshore
Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore exports to Hercules Offshore through the port of Houston, Texas


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



CLIFFS DRILLING TRINIDAD OFFSHORE
2 1/4 MM SOUTH TRUNK ROAD          
LA ROMAIN                          
 TT


HERCULES OFFSHORE INC
9 GREENWAY PLAZA SUITE 2200        
HOUSTON TX 77046                   
 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



INTERSTAR CUSTOMS SOLUTIONS




NM
NM





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number






TRAU4793962
TRAU4793962


Product Description




SKID W/CAT 3406 DIESEL GENERATOR SETCAT 4 TON FORKLIFT4 BOXES W/OILFIELD EQUIPMENTMUFFLER FOR CAT 3406
SKID W/CAT 3406 DIESEL GENERATOR SETCAT 4 TON FORKLIFT4 BOXES W/OILFIELD EQUIPMENTMUFFLER FOR CAT 3406









Bill of LadingASTSPLHO91371001Arrival Date2009-08-13Weight (LB)42,599Weight (KG)19,363UnitsCMQuantity7 PIEContainer Count1CBM77Voyage No.91098Port of LoadingPOINT LISASPort of DischargeHOUSTON, TEXASVessel NameCARIBBEAN CARRIERCarrier CodeASTSCountry Of OriginTrinidadPlace Of ReceiptPOINT LISAS,TRINI 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Cliff S Drilling Trinidad Offshore. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Cliff S Drilling Trinidad Offshore has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Cliff S Drilling Trinidad Offshore







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Cliff S Drilling Trinidad Offshore
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Ship-log A/s C/o Seafrigo                                



                                    Metis Nation British Columbia                                



                                    Literies Universellers Paga Inc.                                



                                    Amphenol Corp C/o Amphenol Rf                                



                                    Vandy Bruce                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.9239
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X



















Cliffs Drilling Company Oil / Gas Wells and Leases | Operator #160600

 








Welcome to Texas Drilling
Login
Subscribe










Home


Permits


Operators



Leases


Pricing


Search













Oil & Gas Operators
Cliffs Drilling Company




Cliffs Drilling Company Oil Wells and Leases






Wells Operated By Cliffs Drilling Company















Contact Information


Company Name: CLIFFS DRILLING COMPANY 
Address: 
1200 SMITH STREET STE 300 HOUSTON, TX 77008

 












Leases Operated by Cliffs Drilling Company



Lease No.
Lease Name
County
Current Operator
Operation Range
Oil Prod
Gas Prod
 


04-085968
CHAPMAN
Nueces County




 
04-114068
STATE TRACT 307
Nueces County




 
04-114069
STATE TRACT 307
Nueces County




 
04-114258
STATE TRACT 307
Nueces County




 



Drilling Permits Filed by Cliffs Drilling Company




Cliffs Drilling Company Drilling Permits


Subscribe Now

Subscribe now to receive immediate access to  drilling permits filed by
Cliffs Drilling Company
from February 1981 to October 1985


 



Other Operators Listed Alphabetically



• Cliffs Drilling - Black Stone
• Cliffwood Production Co.
• Clifton Oil
• Clifton, B.W.
• Clifton, Joe B. Exploration, Inc
• Clifton-Teer Oil & Gas LLC
• Cline, Albert
• Cline, Walter D. & Lahoma Inc.
• Cline, Walter D., Jr.
• Clinton Oil Co.
• Clipper Operating Co., Inc.
• CLM Operating
• Clodhopper Oils
• Close, Bryan H.
• Closuit, Ernest






 






Copyright © 2017 Texas Data Applications, LLC   |  
Terms of Use   |  
Contact Texas-Drilling.com

Back to top


DISCLAIMER: 
Texas-Drilling.com obtains all relevant oil and gas data and information from the Texas Railroad Commission in accordance with the Texas Public Information Act.
While we are constantly updating and improving our datasets and product, we do not guarantee that the results and coverage provided are 100% complete and up to date.
Before making any large decision, please consult the Texas Railroad Commission to verify any findings from Texas-Drilling.com.
Texas-Drilling.com is constantly growing in oil and gas data and coverage. Please notify Texas Drilling immediately if any inaccuracies are discovered.
Check back regularly to keep up to date on drilling in Texas.











Cliffs Drilling Co. Well Service - Denton, TX. Projects, photos, reviews and more | PorchzfbzcuyqsybrvyararsyawfcfawwursrFind ProfessionalsPopular Professionals • See allPaintersHandymenPlumbersElectriciansHVAC ContractorsRemodeling ContractorsGeneral ContractorsRoofersCarpentersFlooring ContractorsLandscapersPest Control ContractorsPopular Services • See allRenovationAir Duct CleaningDeck ConstructionAppliance RepairSiding InstallationBathtub RefinishingAppliance InstallationWindow ReplacementDrywall RepairClogged Toilet ServicesGutter CleaningShingle Roofing InstallationExterior PaintingTree RemovalFurnace RepairKitchen RemodelingBathroom RemodelingRoofing RepairPressure WashingPlumbing Leak Detection & RepairWindow InstallationDrain CleaningFence BuildingFurniture AssemblySign upLog inAre you a quality pro?Cliffs Drilling CoWell ServicePlumberPainterConcrete ContractorSiding ContractorLandscaping CompanyArchitect Denton, TXWell Service PorchDenton Well ServicesCliffs Drilling CoReport a correctionLooking for a well service?Find the right local well service and get your project started now.Request QuotesProfessional informationPhone Number:Click to viewAddress:9325 Grandview DrDenton, TX 76207 Write a reviewClaim this businessServices offered Geothermal Heat Pump RepairAccessibility ConstructionAccessibility DesignAccessibility RetrofittingAcoustical ConstructionShow moreService Area ReviewsThis professional has notbeen reviewed yet.Write a review










 


 







Samson Offshore Co v. Cliffs Drilling Co, et al































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










March  2, 2004
Samson Offshore Co v. Cliffs Drilling Co, et al



Track this case


Case Number:
3:04-cv-00132
Court:
Texas Southern
Nature of Suit:
345(Marine Product Liability)
Judge:
Judge Samuel B Kent
Firms

Hall Maines

Companies

Transocean Ltd.

Sectors & Industries:


Basic Materials

Oil & Gas Drilling & Exploration










View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In

























CLIFFS DRILLING COMPANY - Doha , Qatar| Oil and Gas Pages















































 




 














 Toggle navigation    





 



 


 









 





 








 








 








 







 















 






 
Home » Country List>>Back to list »CLIFFS DRILLING COMPANY






 No ads to display 

CLIFFS DRILLING COMPANY
PO Box: 11367, Doha, Qatar,  


 +974  354893   /    
 Fax: +974  355492  

 Send an Email Enquiry
edme@cliffsdrillingme.com








				  No description to display
                  
                  
Classifications

No Contact Person Details To Display 

Send an Email Enquiry to  CLIFFS DRILLING COMPANY






Request For Quotation
Sell My Product
Job Enquiry












































 













GCC Majors

 
 
 
 
 
 




TESTIMONIALS

 

"we had received and are still receiving many inquiries through our AD in the GOD publication..."
SC TUBULAR & STEEL PRODUCTS (M.E.) FZCO 






    









 






















 
































Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore, 2 1 4 Mm South Trunk Rd La Romain Tt | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Supplier company  Trinidad and Tobago






        See Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore's products and customers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Request a Demo

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
14 U.S. shipments available for Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore, updated weekly since 2007




Date
Supplier
Customer
Details

          41          more fields
        


2009-09-19
See all 14 shipment records for Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2009-08-13


2009-07-31
Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore
Hercules Offshore
Of Used Oilfield Equipment (On Skids) \N1 Gk5 M Hydril Bop Serial No001 0168 1 7838 W Baylor Electric Brake Serial No Rcv9003 W 81 Inx60 Inx87 In 1 21 1/4 Ciw Single Bop W Shear 54 Inx50 Inx79 In Boosters And Rams 161 Inx68 Inx50 In
Bill of lading


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 customer of Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore
 Learn more about network view 




Top customers


Hercules Offshore 






1 customer available
        


Top products


oilwell 





oilwell equipment 





pipe 





oilfield equipment 





drill pipe 






20 top products available
        





Contact information for Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore


 

Address
2 1 4 Mm South Trunk Rd La Romain Tt

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
14 shipment records available



Date
2009-09-19


Shipper Name
Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore


Shipper Address
LMTD 2-1/4MM SOUTH TRUNK ROAD, LA ROMAIN, TRINIDAD W.I.


Consignee Name
Hercules Offshore Inc


Consignee Address
9 GREENWAY PLAZA, SUITE 2200, HOUSTON, TX 770


Notify Party Name
World Commerce Forwarding, Inc.


Notify Party Address
16102 AIR CENTER BLVD., HOUSTON, TX 77032, JOHN REYES, 281 209 2697


Weight
8633


Weight Unit
KG


Weight in KG
8633.0


Quantity
4


Quantity Unit
PCS


Measure Unit
CM


Country of Origin
Trinidad and Tobago


Details
8,633.0 kgFrom port: Point Lisas, Trinidad and TobagoTo port: Houston, Houston, Texas


Place of Receipt
Point Lisas, Trin


Foreign Port of Lading
Point Lisas, Trinidad and Tobago


U.S. Port of Unlading
Houston, Houston, Texas


U.S. Destination Port
Houston, Houston, Texas


Commodity
Elevator Used Oilfield Equipment 1 Varco Air Operated 14" 750 13 3/8 Slip Dies 1 Varco Air Operated 14" 750 Loaded W/13 5/8" Slip Segments & 13 3/8 Slip Dies Loaded W/13 5/8" Slip Segments & Elevator Elevator 1 Wooden Box W/8 Pcs 9 5/8" Slip Segments For 750 Ton Spider / Segements Fpr 750 Ton Spider/ W/8 Pcs 7 5/8" Slip Elevator 1 Base Plate For 750 Ton Spider


Container
NC


Carrier Name
INDUSTRIAL MARITIME CARRIERS LLC


Vessel Name
KARIN


Voyage Number
91108


Bill of Lading Number
IDMC905783001


HTS Codes
HTS 8479







 


Suppliers of similar products from Trinidad and Tobago

Trinidadian drill manufacturersTrinidadian drill pipe manufacturersTrinidadian oilfield manufacturersTrinidadian oilfield equipment manufacturersTrinidadian oilwell manufacturersTrinidadian oilwell equipment manufacturersTrinidadian pipe manufacturers.
            


Suppliers similar to Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore

Noorjahan Apparels Ltd.Methanex Trinidad UnlimitedApex Lingerie Ltd.Integrated Manila Asia TradingLeader One Myanmar Ltd.Dhl Global Forwarding KoreaAtlantic Lng Co. Of Trinidad.
              






Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Request a Demo











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
+1-888-902-3511
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















cliffs drilling - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference



Web Results

Cliff’s Drilling Ltd. | Water Wells Bashaw, AB | Home

www.cliffsdrilling.com


Count on Cliff’s Drilling Ltd. for completely customized drilling services in Bashaw, AB and throughout the surrounding area.



Services



About Us



Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc.: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Cliffs Drilling Company in Houston, TX 77079-2921 ...

listings.findthecompany.com/.../Cliffs-Drilling-Company-in-Houston-TX


Cliffs Drilling Company is a drilling oil and gas well located in Houston, Texas. View phone number, employees, products, revenue, and more.


Cliffs Drilling Co: Company Profile - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/.../companies/76787Q:US-cliffs-drilling-co


Company profile & key executives for Cliffs Drilling Co (76787Q:-) including description, corporate address, management team and contact info.


Cliffs Drilling Company - Company Profile - Corporation Wiki

https://www.corporationwiki.com/Texas/Houston/cliffs-drilling...


View company leaders and background information for Cliffs Drilling Company. Search our database of over 100 million company and executive profiles.


Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore, 2 1 4 Mm South Trunk Rd ...

https://panjiva.com/Cliffs-Drilling-Trinidad-Offshore/1052747


Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore at 2 1 4 Mm South Trunk Rd La Romain Tt. Find their customers, contact information, and details on 14 shipments.


Cliffs Drilling acquires assets of offshore drilling ...

www.gasandoil.com/news/ms_america/10c40eb179e61d7972e28559cdb18adc


Cliffs Drilling Company has entered into a letter of intent to acquire 2 offshore platform drilling rigs, 1 self-propelled jack-up drilling/workover rig, and ...


Cliff's Drilling RR 1 Bashaw, AB Water Well Drilling ...

https://www.mapquest.com/.../business-bashaw/cliffs-drilling-359504965


Get directions, reviews and information for Cliff's Drilling in Bashaw, AB.


Cliffs Drilling Co. v. Burrows, 930 S.W.2d 709 ...

https://www.courtlistener.com/.../1662557/cliffs-drilling-co-v-burrows


Opinion for Cliffs Drilling Co. v. Burrows, 930 S.W.2d 709


12345Next






Answers







Cliffs Shaft Mine Museum



first mine, the Barnum Mine, in 1867. Two shaft, the "A" and "B" were sunk. The company obtained three more mine pits by 1870. In 1877, Iron Cliffs...

more






Cliff Barnes



Clifford "Cliff" Barnes, played by Ken Kercheval, is a fictional character from the popular American television series Dallas. The Barnes family are...

more






Clifton Cliff Jail



even with the entrance to the jail. The job of building the jail was given to Margarito Varela, who was a stonemason. Varela worked away at the face of...

more










News Results






This is not a drill.



The National Student News

 - Jul 26


Love Island’s Chris Hughes and Kem Cetinay have revealed their plans to release a mini-album featuring “big artists” including Stormzy. The pair will...

more





There is no cliff edge



John Redwood's Diary

 - Jul 21


I have been asked to write about the so called cliff edge if we leave the EU without a deal. That is easy to do. There is no cliff edge. It’s another...

more





Life on the (cliff) edge – in pictures



mbl.is Business

 - Jul 26


Properties with vertiginous vistas to make your palms sweat, from Wales to Greece Home: Rye, East Sussex This four-bedroom house perches on the edge of...

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














cliffs drilling - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference



Web Results

Cliff’s Drilling Ltd. | Water Wells Bashaw, AB | Home

www.cliffsdrilling.com


Count on Cliff’s Drilling Ltd. for completely customized drilling services in Bashaw, AB and throughout the surrounding area.



Services



About Us



Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc.: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Cliffs Drilling Company in Houston, TX 77079-2921 ...

listings.findthecompany.com/.../Cliffs-Drilling-Company-in-Houston-TX


Cliffs Drilling Company is a drilling oil and gas well located in Houston, Texas. View phone number, employees, products, revenue, and more.


Cliffs Drilling Co: Company Profile - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/.../companies/76787Q:US-cliffs-drilling-co


Company profile & key executives for Cliffs Drilling Co (76787Q:-) including description, corporate address, management team and contact info.


Cliffs Drilling Company - Company Profile - Corporation Wiki

https://www.corporationwiki.com/Texas/Houston/cliffs-drilling...


View company leaders and background information for Cliffs Drilling Company. Search our database of over 100 million company and executive profiles.


Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore, 2 1 4 Mm South Trunk Rd ...

https://panjiva.com/Cliffs-Drilling-Trinidad-Offshore/1052747


Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore at 2 1 4 Mm South Trunk Rd La Romain Tt. Find their customers, contact information, and details on 14 shipments.


Cliffs Drilling acquires assets of offshore drilling ...

www.gasandoil.com/news/ms_america/10c40eb179e61d7972e28559cdb18adc


Cliffs Drilling Company has entered into a letter of intent to acquire 2 offshore platform drilling rigs, 1 self-propelled jack-up drilling/workover rig, and ...


Cliff's Drilling RR 1 Bashaw, AB Water Well Drilling ...

https://www.mapquest.com/.../business-bashaw/cliffs-drilling-359504965


Get directions, reviews and information for Cliff's Drilling in Bashaw, AB.


Cliffs Drilling Co. v. Burrows, 930 S.W.2d 709 ...

https://www.courtlistener.com/.../1662557/cliffs-drilling-co-v-burrows


Opinion for Cliffs Drilling Co. v. Burrows, 930 S.W.2d 709


12345Next






Answers







Cliffs Shaft Mine Museum



first mine, the Barnum Mine, in 1867. Two shaft, the "A" and "B" were sunk. The company obtained three more mine pits by 1870. In 1877, Iron Cliffs...

more






Cliff Barnes



Clifford "Cliff" Barnes, played by Ken Kercheval, is a fictional character from the popular American television series Dallas. The Barnes family are...

more






Clifton Cliff Jail



even with the entrance to the jail. The job of building the jail was given to Margarito Varela, who was a stonemason. Varela worked away at the face of...

more










News Results






This is not a drill.



The National Student News

 - Jul 26


Love Island’s Chris Hughes and Kem Cetinay have revealed their plans to release a mini-album featuring “big artists” including Stormzy. The pair will...

more





There is no cliff edge



John Redwood's Diary

 - Jul 21


I have been asked to write about the so called cliff edge if we leave the EU without a deal. That is easy to do. There is no cliff edge. It’s another...

more





Cliffs - Generational Breakout Opportunity



All Articles on Seeking Alpha

 - Jul 24


On the sixth of July, I wrote an article about a great Cliffs Natural Resources (CLF) long opportunity. At this point, we are seeing further help from...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














cliffs drilling - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference



Web Results

Cliff’s Drilling Ltd. | Water Wells Bashaw, AB | Home

www.cliffsdrilling.com


Count on Cliff’s Drilling Ltd. for completely customized drilling services in Bashaw, AB and throughout the surrounding area.



Services



About Us



Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc.: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Cliffs Drilling Company in Houston, TX 77079-2921 ...

listings.findthecompany.com/.../Cliffs-Drilling-Company-in-Houston-TX


Cliffs Drilling Company is a drilling oil and gas well located in Houston, Texas. View phone number, employees, products, revenue, and more.


Cliffs Drilling Co: Company Profile - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/.../companies/76787Q:US-cliffs-drilling-co


Company profile & key executives for Cliffs Drilling Co (76787Q:-) including description, corporate address, management team and contact info.


Cliffs Drilling Company - Company Profile - Corporation Wiki

https://www.corporationwiki.com/Texas/Houston/cliffs-drilling...


View company leaders and background information for Cliffs Drilling Company. Search our database of over 100 million company and executive profiles.


Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore, 2 1 4 Mm South Trunk Rd ...

https://panjiva.com/Cliffs-Drilling-Trinidad-Offshore/1052747


Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore at 2 1 4 Mm South Trunk Rd La Romain Tt. Find their customers, contact information, and details on 14 shipments.


Cliffs Drilling acquires assets of offshore drilling ...

www.gasandoil.com/news/ms_america/10c40eb179e61d7972e28559cdb18adc


Cliffs Drilling Company has entered into a letter of intent to acquire 2 offshore platform drilling rigs, 1 self-propelled jack-up drilling/workover rig, and ...


Cliff's Drilling RR 1 Bashaw, AB Water Well Drilling ...

https://www.mapquest.com/.../business-bashaw/cliffs-drilling-359504965


Get directions, reviews and information for Cliff's Drilling in Bashaw, AB.


Cliffs Drilling Co. v. Burrows, 930 S.W.2d 709 ...

https://www.courtlistener.com/.../1662557/cliffs-drilling-co-v-burrows


Opinion for Cliffs Drilling Co. v. Burrows, 930 S.W.2d 709


12345Next






Answers







Cliffs Shaft Mine Museum



first mine, the Barnum Mine, in 1867. Two shaft, the "A" and "B" were sunk. The company obtained three more mine pits by 1870. In 1877, Iron Cliffs...

more






Cliff Barnes



Clifford "Cliff" Barnes, played by Ken Kercheval, is a fictional character from the popular American television series Dallas. The Barnes family are...

more






Clifton Cliff Jail



even with the entrance to the jail. The job of building the jail was given to Margarito Varela, who was a stonemason. Varela worked away at the face of...

more










News Results






This is not a drill.



The National Student News

 - Jul 26


Love Island’s Chris Hughes and Kem Cetinay have revealed their plans to release a mini-album featuring “big artists” including Stormzy. The pair will...

more





There is no cliff edge



John Redwood's Diary

 - Jul 21


I have been asked to write about the so called cliff edge if we leave the EU without a deal. That is easy to do. There is no cliff edge. It’s another...

more





Cliffs - Generational Breakout Opportunity



All Articles on Seeking Alpha

 - Jul 24


On the sixth of July, I wrote an article about a great Cliffs Natural Resources (CLF) long opportunity. At this point, we are seeing further help from...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














cliffs drilling - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference



Web Results

Cliff’s Drilling Ltd. | Water Wells Bashaw, AB | Home

www.cliffsdrilling.com


Count on Cliff’s Drilling Ltd. for completely customized drilling services in Bashaw, AB and throughout the surrounding area.



Services



About Us



Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc.: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Cliffs Drilling Company in Houston, TX 77079-2921 ...

listings.findthecompany.com/.../Cliffs-Drilling-Company-in-Houston-TX


Cliffs Drilling Company is a drilling oil and gas well located in Houston, Texas. View phone number, employees, products, revenue, and more.


Cliffs Drilling Co: Company Profile - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/.../companies/76787Q:US-cliffs-drilling-co


Company profile & key executives for Cliffs Drilling Co (76787Q:-) including description, corporate address, management team and contact info.


Cliffs Drilling Company - Company Profile - Corporation Wiki

https://www.corporationwiki.com/Texas/Houston/cliffs-drilling...


View company leaders and background information for Cliffs Drilling Company. Search our database of over 100 million company and executive profiles.


Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore, 2 1 4 Mm South Trunk Rd ...

https://panjiva.com/Cliffs-Drilling-Trinidad-Offshore/1052747


Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore at 2 1 4 Mm South Trunk Rd La Romain Tt. Find their customers, contact information, and details on 14 shipments.


Cliffs Drilling acquires assets of offshore drilling ...

www.gasandoil.com/news/ms_america/10c40eb179e61d7972e28559cdb18adc


Cliffs Drilling Company has entered into a letter of intent to acquire 2 offshore platform drilling rigs, 1 self-propelled jack-up drilling/workover rig, and ...


Cliff's Drilling RR 1 Bashaw, AB Water Well Drilling ...

https://www.mapquest.com/.../business-bashaw/cliffs-drilling-359504965


Get directions, reviews and information for Cliff's Drilling in Bashaw, AB.


Cliffs Drilling Co. v. Burrows, 930 S.W.2d 709 ...

https://www.courtlistener.com/.../1662557/cliffs-drilling-co-v-burrows


Opinion for Cliffs Drilling Co. v. Burrows, 930 S.W.2d 709


12345Next






Answers







Cliffs Shaft Mine Museum



first mine, the Barnum Mine, in 1867. Two shaft, the "A" and "B" were sunk. The company obtained three more mine pits by 1870. In 1877, Iron Cliffs...

more






Cliff Barnes



Clifford "Cliff" Barnes, played by Ken Kercheval, is a fictional character from the popular American television series Dallas. The Barnes family are...

more






Clifton Cliff Jail



even with the entrance to the jail. The job of building the jail was given to Margarito Varela, who was a stonemason. Varela worked away at the face of...

more










News Results






This is not a drill.



The National Student News

 - Jul 26


Love Island’s Chris Hughes and Kem Cetinay have revealed their plans to release a mini-album featuring “big artists” including Stormzy. The pair will...

more





There is no cliff edge



John Redwood's Diary

 - Jul 21


I have been asked to write about the so called cliff edge if we leave the EU without a deal. That is easy to do. There is no cliff edge. It’s another...

more





Cliffs - Generational Breakout Opportunity



All Articles on Seeking Alpha

 - Jul 24


On the sixth of July, I wrote an article about a great Cliffs Natural Resources (CLF) long opportunity. At this point, we are seeing further help from...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














cliffs drilling - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference



Web Results

Cliff’s Drilling Ltd. | Water Wells Bashaw, AB | Home

www.cliffsdrilling.com


Count on Cliff’s Drilling Ltd. for completely customized drilling services in Bashaw, AB and throughout the surrounding area.



Services



About Us



Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc.: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Cliffs Drilling Company, Inc. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Cliffs Drilling Company in Houston, TX 77079-2921 ...

listings.findthecompany.com/.../Cliffs-Drilling-Company-in-Houston-TX


Cliffs Drilling Company is a drilling oil and gas well located in Houston, Texas. View phone number, employees, products, revenue, and more.


Cliffs Drilling Co: Company Profile - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/.../companies/76787Q:US-cliffs-drilling-co


Company profile & key executives for Cliffs Drilling Co (76787Q:-) including description, corporate address, management team and contact info.


Cliffs Drilling Company - Company Profile - Corporation Wiki

https://www.corporationwiki.com/Texas/Houston/cliffs-drilling...


View company leaders and background information for Cliffs Drilling Company. Search our database of over 100 million company and executive profiles.


Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore, 2 1 4 Mm South Trunk Rd ...

https://panjiva.com/Cliffs-Drilling-Trinidad-Offshore/1052747


Cliffs Drilling Trinidad Offshore at 2 1 4 Mm South Trunk Rd La Romain Tt. Find their customers, contact information, and details on 14 shipments.


Cliffs Drilling acquires assets of offshore drilling ...

www.gasandoil.com/news/ms_america/10c40eb179e61d7972e28559cdb18adc


Cliffs Drilling Company has entered into a letter of intent to acquire 2 offshore platform drilling rigs, 1 self-propelled jack-up drilling/workover rig, and ...


Cliff's Drilling RR 1 Bashaw, AB Water Well Drilling ...

https://www.mapquest.com/.../business-bashaw/cliffs-drilling-359504965


Get directions, reviews and information for Cliff's Drilling in Bashaw, AB.


Cliffs Drilling Co. v. Burrows, 930 S.W.2d 709 ...

https://www.courtlistener.com/.../1662557/cliffs-drilling-co-v-burrows


Opinion for Cliffs Drilling Co. v. Burrows, 930 S.W.2d 709


12345Next






Answers







Cliffs Shaft Mine Museum



first mine, the Barnum Mine, in 1867. Two shaft, the "A" and "B" were sunk. The company obtained three more mine pits by 1870. In 1877, Iron Cliffs...

more






Cliff Barnes



Clifford "Cliff" Barnes, played by Ken Kercheval, is a fictional character from the popular American television series Dallas. The Barnes family are...

more






Clifton Cliff Jail



even with the entrance to the jail. The job of building the jail was given to Margarito Varela, who was a stonemason. Varela worked away at the face of...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.













cliffs drilling co - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Latshaw Drilling (New) - 7 Open Positions Left : Now Hiring!



Ad
 ·
Latshaw-Drilling.jobsgalore.com/​



7 Open Positions Left : Now Hiring! Latshaw Drilling Careers - Apply





Post a Job



Find Your New Job




About our Job Search



Receive Daily Job Alerts





Drilling Company Information - Search for Drilling Company



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​drilling/​company



Find Drilling Company Results on Alothome.com. Browse Drilling Company Listings.




Drilling Companies - Search for Drilling Companies.



Ad
 ·
excite.com/​Drilling Companies



Search for Drilling Companies. Find Drilling Companies.




Drilling Companies - Search Drilling Companies | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Drilling Companies



Search for Drilling Companies With 100's of Results at SearchAll















Lafayette Drillers




League (Class D, 1907). Those teams sported nicknames such as the Browns, Hubs, White Sox, Bulls and Oilers. Texas League co-champions (1975) The 1975 Drillers captured the Texas League's

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Portage & Cliffs JV to Resume Drilling at Golden Ridge ...

https://www.yahoo.com/news/Portage-Cliffs-JV-Resume-iw-306238550.html


Portage & Cliffs JV to Resume Drilling at Golden Ridge ... Further information about Portage can be accessed on the Company's website at www ...


Cliffs Commits to Scoping Study and Adds Third and Fourth ...

https://www.yahoo.com/news/Cliffs-Commits-Scoping-Study-iw...


Cliffs Commits to Scoping Study and ... Company") is pleased to announce that Cliffs ... for the scoping study. With four rigs now drilling ...


Cliffs Natural Resources - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Cliffs_Natural_Resources


Cliffs Natural Resources, ... with Jeptha Wade's Cliffs Iron Company led the combined firm to change its name to the ... as well as the oil and gas drilling ...


Rose Rock to Expand the White Cliffs Pipeline with Partners

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/rose-rock-expand-white-cliffs...


White Cliffs Pipeline, L.L.C., jointly owned by Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. (RRMS) and its partners, plans to increase the capacity of the White Cliffs Pipeline.


Donald Drapkin Explains What Is Going On With Cliffs ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/donald-drapkin-explains-going...


Donald Drapkin, Casablanca Capital Founder and Co-Chief Investment Officer, ... Among other issues, the investor went into what he’s doing with Cliffs Natural ...


Zenyatta Ventures Ltd. Contracts Drilling Company and ...

https://www.yahoo.com/news/Zenyatta-Ventures-Ltd-iw-24548163.html


Zenyatta Ventures Ltd. Contracts Drilling Company and Hires ... Marketwire - 01/20/11) - Zenyatta Ventures Ltd ... .Cliffs Natural ...


Tull David Well Drilling & Pump Company in Easton | Tull ...

https://local.yahoo.com/info-61497235-david-tull-well-drillingpump...


Find Tull David Well Drilling & Pump Company in Easton with Address, Phone number from Yahoo US Local. Includes Tull David Well Drilling & Pump Company Reviews, maps ...


Cow Trail Pump & Well Service in Silver City | Cow Trail ...

https://local.yahoo.com/info-203307346-cow-trail-pump-well-service...


Find Cow Trail Pump & Well Service in Silver City with ... Kuester Well Drilling Company. ... Silver City. TL Enterprise Well Drilling & Pump Service. Cliff. Smith ...


Champion Iron Resumes Drilling to Complete Feasibility ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/champion-iron-resumes-drilling...


Champion Iron Mines Limited is pleased to announce that drilling has resumed at its flagship Consolidated Fire Lake North Project as part of the plan to complete a ...


Tl Enterprise in Silver City | Tl Enterprise 322 Red Rock ...

https://local.yahoo.com/info-201623162-tl-enterprise-silver-city


Find Tl Enterprise in Silver City with ... Kuester Well Drilling Company. ... TL Enterprise Well Drilling & Pump Service. Cliff. Smith Drilling Company. 20 Emerald Dr.










Latshaw Drilling (New) - 7 Open Positions Left : Now Hiring!



Ad
 ·
Latshaw-Drilling.jobsgalore.com/​



7 Open Positions Left : Now Hiring! Latshaw Drilling Careers - Apply





Post a Job



Find Your New Job




About our Job Search



Receive Daily Job Alerts





Drilling Company Information - Search for Drilling Company



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​drilling/​company



Find Drilling Company Results on Alothome.com. Browse Drilling Company Listings.




Drilling Companies - Search for Drilling Companies.



Ad
 ·
excite.com/​Drilling Companies



Search for Drilling Companies. Find Drilling Companies.




Drilling Companies - Search Drilling Companies | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Drilling Companies



Search for Drilling Companies With 100's of Results at SearchAll



Searches related tocliffs drilling co



cliffs drilling company houston tx


manage well cliffs



cliffs bankruptcy update




12345Next

Related Searches



cliffs drilling company houston tx


manage well cliffs


cliffs bankruptcy update




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network





























Pulliam Well Drilling




 








Pulliam Well DrillingSearch this site












HomeContactSitemap



 



Home



Call us for a Free Estimate at (707) 224-9396!About UsFounded in 1967 by Bill Pulliam, we are a third generation family owned well drilling business located in Napa. We proudly serve, Napa, Lake, Sonoma, and Solano Counties.ServicesWater Well ConsultingPermitting & County Drilling requirementsTest/Exploration Wells & Well locationWell Drilling, Deepening, Desanding & TroubelshootingWell Inspections, Installation & RepairsWater Tests & Flow TestsFor Domestic, Commercial, & Industrial applicationsAir rotary, Mud rotary, and even a rustic Cable Well Rig!Wells from 4" to 10", and as deep as 1,500 ft.Pulliam Water Well Drilling - 2877 Piedmont Avenue  Napa, CA 94558 - 707.224.9396Contractor's License # 248677



 


















Sign in|Recent Site Activity|Report Abuse|Print Page|Powered By Google Sites




















 



