




Clinical Acquisitions Holdings LP - Other Health Care- Clegg  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Clinical Acquisitions Holdings LP

      Industry: Other Health Care
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    200 Corporate Blvd  
    Lafayette, LA, 70508Phone: 337-354-1221 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-14


New


$75,001


$75,001


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Todd Clegg 
 Executive 


 Joshua Hausman 
 Director, Executive 


 John Mc Coy 
 Director 


 Matthew Ross 
 Director, Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Holdings Acquisition Co., L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:15 AM ET
Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure

Company Overview of Holdings Acquisition Co., L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Holdings Acquisition Co., L.P., doing business as Rivers Casino, operates as a casino and gaming destination in Pennsylvania. Its amenities include slots, a multi-purpose event space, restaurants and bars, a riverside amphitheater, table games, a poker room, and live music performances. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.


777 Casino DrivePittsburgh, PA 15212United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 412-231-7777

riverscasino.com/pittsburgh







Key Executives for Holdings Acquisition Co., L.P.




Mr. Greg Carlin


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Edward Fasulo


      	President and Chief Operating Officer
      


Age: 72
        







Mr. Joe Barrett


      	Vice President of Operations
      








Mr. Michael Bowman


      	General Manager
      








 Craig Clark


      	General Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Holdings Acquisition Co., L.P. Key Developments

Rivers Casino Reports Revenue Results for the Month of October 2016
Nov 17 16
Rivers Casino reported revenue results for the month of October 2016. For the period, the company reported total gross gaming revenue of $27,945,094 against $28,460,306 a year ago.


Rivers Casino Announces Revenue Results for the Month and Year to Date Ended June 2016
Jul 18 16
Rivers Casino announced revenue results for the month and year to date ended June 2016. For the month, the company reported slot machine revenue of $5,384,393 against $5,524,073 a year ago.

For the year to date, the company reported slot machine revenue of $70,695,507 against $70,433,182 a year ago.


The Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board Levies Fines Totaling $103,000 against Four Casino Operators for Various Violations
Apr 27 16
The Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board levied fines totaling $103,000 against four casino operators for various violations. The fines were the result of Board approvals of consent agreements between the PGCB's Office of Enforcement Counsel and SugarHouse HSP Gaming, L.P, operator of the SugarHouse Casino in Philadelphia, which was fined $48,000 for violations of the self-exclusion and involuntary exclusion programs; Washington Trotting Association, operator of The Meadows Casino in Washington County which was fined $40,000 for violations of the self-exclusion program; Mountainview Thoroughbred Racing Association, operator of Hollywood Casino at Penn National Race Course in Dauphin County, which was fined $7,500 for an underage patron violation; and Holdings Acquisition Co., L.P., operator of the Rivers Casino in Pittsburgh, which was fined $7,500 for permitting an unlicensed employee to work at the casino. The fines imposed on SugarHouse HSP Gaming, L.P.were the result of two separate consent agreements. In the first, a $33,000 fine was imposed for permitting three individuals who had earlier placed themselves on the Board's Self-Exclusion List, a tool offered to individuals who have a gambling problem to self-deny casino gaming privileges at Pennsylvania casinos, to gamble at the SugarHouse Casino. Per regulation, persons on the Self-Excluded List must be denied gaming and provided promotional incentives by the casino, and the individual can be charged with criminal trespass and have any winnings confiscated. The violations were: A self-excluded male was permitted to gamble at table games for nearly five hours; A self-excluded male was permitted to gamble in the poker room for approximately one-half hour; A self-excluded male was permitted to gamble at table games and slot machines for over one hour, and was issued a players card. The second consent agreement with SugarHouse HSP Gaming, L.P. was for $15,000 and involved two incidents in which persons placed on the Board's Involuntary Statewide Exclusion List. The list consists of career or professional offenders, cheats and other individuals whose presence in a licensed facility would be inimical to the interest of the Commonwealth or of licensed gaming. Under regulations, a casino operator has the responsibility to identify and immediately remove an excluded person from their facility and deny gaming privileges. As with those on the Self-Excluded List, individuals placed on this list by the Board can also face criminal trespass charges and have any winnings confiscated. The violations were: A Board-excluded male was permitted to gamble in the poker room approximately two and one-half hours; A Board-excluded male was permitted to gamble in the poker room for nearly two and one-half hours. The fine against Washington Trotting Association was for $40,000 and was imposed for permitting two individuals who had earlier placed themselves on the Board's Self-Exclusion List to gamble at The Meadows Casino, and allowed promotional materials to be distributed to numerous persons on the Self-Exclusion list. The violations were: A self-excluded male was permitted to access the casino floor on two separate occasions and gamble at table games; A self-excluded male was permitted to access the gaming floor and gamble on slot machines. During its investigation of the individual matters, the PGCB's Bureau of Investigations and Enforcement discovered that The Meadows sent promotional e-mails to 91 individuals through a contracted third-party vendor. Per regulation, a casino must assure that persons on the Self-Excluded List do not receive any promotional materials relating to gaming activities at its facility. The fine against Mountainview Thoroughbred Racing Association for $7,500 was for an incident in which an 18-year-old male was permitted entry onto the casino floor for almost one hour and gambled at slot machines. Finally, Holdings Acquisition Co., L.P.was fined $7,500 for allowing an individual to work as a table games dealer for 16 days even though the casino had been notified earlier that the individual's application for renewal of his Gaming Employee Permit had been denied.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Hotel South Beach, Inc. United States 1001 Marquette LLC United States 11 East 1st St. LLC United States 11 Howard Hotel United States 110 Gourmet, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Holdings Acquisition Co., L.P., please visit riverscasino.com/pittsburgh.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Clinical Ink, Inc. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Clinical Ink, Inc.  Funding details


Clinical Ink, Inc. Industry: OtherCIK Number: 0001496558IRS Number: 272987645Address: 100 N. CHERRY STREET, STE 520  WINSTON-SALEM 27101Phone number: 336-714-7402Former name: Clinical Ink, LLC, date of change: 



Latest news
Clinical Ink, Inc. raised $9,860,223 from 21 investors on 2015-04-07.



Clinical Ink, Inc. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2015-04-07Amended Form D$9,860,223$9,860,2230$02106b[SEC Filing]2015-04-02New Form D$9,860,223$9,860,2230$02106b[SEC Filing]2013-10-29New Form D$4,300,000$1,300,000$3,000,000$01806b[SEC Filing]2011-12-08New Form D$3,500,000$3,132,000$368,000$50,000906 46[SEC Filing]2010-07-14New Form D$1,000,000$400,000$600,000$50,000606 46[SEC Filing]
Clinical Ink, Inc. raised $14,692,223 in total.



Directors and Executives of Clinical Ink, Inc.
Key People in Clinical Ink, Inc.:

Douglas Pierce, Jr.Edward Seguine, Jr.Thomas Littlejohn, IIIChristopher RammMichael LesterPhilip Waugh, Jr.Edward SeguineStephen ColtrinRobert KniejskiMatt KingTodd FoleyBrad GeesamanAnsbert GadickeMorana Jovan-EmbiricosJoe Schmidt
Similar companiesCLINICAL OUTCOMES MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS LLC, Clinical Data Technolgies Inc, Clinical Research Consortium Arizona, LLC, ClinicalBox, Inc., Clinical Lab of America, LLC, Clinical Healthcare Corp, Clinical Co-Management, LLC, CLINICAL HOLDINGS, INC., CLINICAL SPECIALTIES NETWORK SERVICES OF ILLINOIS, INC., CLINICAL SPECIALTIES, INC., Clinical Acquisitions Holdings LP, Clinical Cardiac Inc








Last visited companies: Downing Investment Partners, LP, EXTOLE, INC., MosaixSoft, Inc., OAKTREE EMPLOYEE INVESTMENT FUND, L.P., Rohinni LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Gurnet Point L.P. Completes Acquisition of Innocoll Holdings plc






































Menu






Menu





Welcome!








Membership

About Morningstar >
Logout
Login
Subscribe
Register
Premium



Site Search



Search Symbols









Search The Site












































News: BusinessWire








Gurnet Point L.P. Completes Acquisition of Innocoll Holdings plc







Print
Share
Font-size








            07/24/17 09:33 AM EDT
        


 Gurnet Point L.P. Completes Acquisition of Innocoll Holdings plc 
 Gurnet Point L.P., a healthcare investment fund, and Innocoll Holdings plc (NASDAQ:INNL), a global pharmaceutical and medical device company, today announced that Gurnet Point has completed its acquisition of Innocoll. As a result, Innocoll’s shares (NASDAQ:INNL) will no longer be traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market as of today. 






 Under the terms of the agreement, Gurnet Point will acquire Innocoll for $1.75 per share in cash, and up to $4.90 in cash from a contingent value right (CVR), for a total potential per share value of up to $6.65 or up to approximately $209 million in aggregate. 
 As previously announced, Gurnet Point is providing a $10 million term loan to provide the additional resources needed for the continued development of XARACOLL, Innocoll’s late-stage surgically implantable and bioresorbable collagen matrix, within the post-operative pain market. The term loan will provide the additional capital needed to prepare for the re-submission of the XARACOLL new drug application (“NDA”) to the U.S. Federal Drug Administration (“FDA”) in order to achieve the milestones related to the CVR. 
 “With the close of this transaction, we are excited by the prospect of helping to develop and bring XARACOLL to the market and we look forward to assisting with the re-submission of XARACOLL for FDA approval and preparing for its commercialization," Christopher Viehbacher, Managing Partner at Gurnet Point Capital. We are looking forward to working closely with Innocoll’s management team to identify XARACOLL’s path to commercialization. 
 Mr. Viehbacher concluded, “This transaction supports Gurnet Point’s strategy of deploying long-term capital in life sciences, medical technology and healthcare services companies across all stages of development through to commercialization. It builds on Gurnet Point’s track record of partnering with companies seeking long-term partners to develop and implement transformative technologies and health care solutions.” 
 Tony Zook, Chief Executive Officer of Innocoll, said, “We are excited to begin our work with Gurnet Point with the aim of successfully filing and commercializing XARACOLL in the U.S. market. Gurnet Point’s deep knowledge of value-driven drug development, regulatory affairs and clinical trial design and execution will provide us with the opportunity to ultimately bring XARACOLL to patients.” 
 About Gurnet Point Capital 
 Gurnet Point Capital (GPC) is a unique health care fund founded by Ernesto Bertarelli and led by Christopher A. Viehbacher, who, together, have decades of expertise in an industry for which they share a passion, both as Chief Executives and as investors. With an initial allocation of $2 billion, GPC is investing long-term capital and supporting entrepreneurs in building a new generation of companies. Based in Cambridge, MA, its remit is global, encompassing life sciences and medical technologies. The fund invests across all stages of product development through to commercialisation and does so with an approach that is a hybrid of venture and private equity investing strategies. This approach is governed by a guiding tenet that even the earliest of technologies must present a clear commercial case, benefiting both patients and the healthcare system as a whole. 
 About Innocoll Holdings plc 
 Innocoll is a global, commercial stage specialty pharmaceutical and medical device company with late stage development programs targeting areas of significant unmet medical need. Innocoll utilizes its proprietary collagen-based technology platform to develop biodegradable and fully bioresorbable products and product candidates which can be broken down by the body without the need for surgical removal or topical application. 
   
 Abernathy MacGregorBlair Hennessy bth@abmac.com 
 View source version on businesswire.com:   http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170724005702/en/  

 






Print
Share
Font-size






























                
                
                    
                    
                        Sponsored Links
                    
                
                
                
                
                    
                    
                
            



















                
                
                    
                    
                        Sponsor Center
                    
                
                
                
                
                    
                    
                
            

































































 



 Kissner Group Holdings announces acquisition of B.S.C. Holdings Inc. 
         










    










 






 











 









Kissner Group Holdings announces acquisition of B.S.C. Holdings Inc.

Oct 27, 2015, 08:00 ET
		  		  			
									 from   Kissner Group Holdings LP 











 
















































 

 




















 


CAMBRIDGE, ON, Oct. 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ - Kissner Group Holdings LP ("Kissner" or the "Company"), the parent company of Kissner Milling Company Limited announced today that it has acquired B.S.C. Holdings Inc. ("BSC"), the parent company of both Central Salt, L.L.C. ("Central Salt") of Elgin, Illinois and Lyons Salt Company ("Lyons Salt") of Lyons, Kansas. 
Central Salt is a leading supplier and marketer of bulk and packaged deicing products, as well as a leading supplier of agricultural salts. Lyons Salt is a vertically-integrated salt mine. Both companies serve commercial and governmental customers.
David Safran, Chief Executive Officer of Kissner commented, "The combination of our companies strengthens our ability to reliably supply high quality products and to provide exceptional service to our customers over a broader geographic footprint through multiple vertically-integrated mines. The transition process will be seamless to customers and is already underway."
Peter Powell, Chief Executive Officer of BSC, will serve on the Board of Directors of the combined companies, and will continue in his responsibilities as Chairman of the Salt Institute. Mr. Powell said, "We are excited about the opportunity that this combination represents for our customers, our employees and the Elgin and Lyons communities. Our combined companies will be ideally positioned to meet the needs of our customers in our diverse markets throughout North America." 
Mark Demetree, Chairman of Kissner, added, "This transaction represents a solid platform for value creation for Kissner, by extending our offering and market reach through the acquisition of an established industry leader, with a long tradition of excellence and service in North American markets. As a result of this transaction, Kissner can now provide a wider range of products across a larger geographic area in North America."
Terms of the transaction will not be disclosed. All regulatory approvals have been received for this transaction.  
About Kissner Group Holdings
Kissner Group Holdings is the parent company to Kissner Milling Company Limited and is owned by Metalmark Capital, Silvertree, a venture between Silverhawk Capital Partners and Demetree Salt, LLC, and the Kissner management team.
About Kissner Milling Company Limited
Headquartered in Cambridge, Ontario, Kissner Milling Company Limited is a leading producer and distributor of bulk rock salt and packaged specialty deicing products across North America.  Kissner owns and operates a rock salt mine located in Detroit, Michigan, which began operations over 100 years ago and today is one of the most efficient and safest rock salt mines in North America.  With a vertically-integrated supply chain for packaged deicing products, Kissner is highly differentiated in its industry and one of the most cost-competitive producers and distributors of bulk rock salt and other packaged deicing products, across its markets.
About BSC Holding, Inc.
Headquartered in Mission, Kansas, BSC Holding, Inc. is a leading producer and distributor of bulk rock salt and packaged specialty deicing products across North America.  BSC Holding owns and operates a vertically-integrated rock salt mine located in Lyons, Kansas, which began operations over 100 years ago. Today, BSC Holdings has an outstanding safety record and a dominant position in the Kansas market. BSC Holding also owns and operates Central Salt, a leading supplier and marketer of bulk and packaged deicing products, as well as a leading supplier of agricultural salts.
 SOURCE  Kissner Group Holdings LP  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  





My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Icon Acquisition Holdings LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























icon acquisition holdings lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Specialty Finance
Sub-Industry: Other Financial Services
Icon Acquisition Holdings LP operates as a holding company.




Corporate Information
Address:

NY
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






















































 



 The Acquisition of Playboy Enterprises, Inc. by Icon Acquisition Holdings, L.P. Results in a 
         










    










 






 











 









The Acquisition of Playboy Enterprises, Inc. by Icon Acquisition Holdings, L.P. Results in a Fundamental Change Under 3.00% Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes Due 2025

Mar 07, 2011, 16:47 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Playboy Enterprises, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


LOS ANGELES, March 7, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- As previously announced, Icon Acquisition Holdings, L.P. completed its acquisition of Playboy Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Playboy"), on March 4, 2011. 
The acquisition constitutes a "Fundamental Change" under the indenture governing Playboy's 3.00% Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes due 2025 (the "Notes").  As a result of the acquisition, holders of the Notes (which have not been converted) will have the right to require Playboy to purchase their Notes on April 6, 2011 for a purchase price equal to the principal amount of such Notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest to but not including the purchase date.  Playboy will provide further details to the holders of the Notes regarding this right.
In addition, in connection with the acquisition, Playboy entered into a supplemental indenture as required by the indenture for the Notes.  The supplemental indenture provides that, subject to the terms of the indenture, the Notes will be convertible into $6.15 per share of common stock multiplied by a fraction whose denominator is one thousand (1,000) and whose numerator is the product of the principal amount of such Notes and the conversion rate under the indenture immediately prior to the Merger.  The conversion rate is 58.7648, and accordingly, each $1,000 in principal amount is convertible into $361.40.  The conversion rate will not be subject to any further adjustment.  
About Playboy Enterprises
Playboy is one of the most recognized and popular consumer brands in the world. Playboy Enterprises, Inc. is a media and lifestyle company that markets the brand through a wide range of media properties and licensing initiatives. The company publishes Playboy magazine in the United States and abroad and creates content for distribution via television networks, websites, mobile platforms and radio. Through licensing agreements, the Playboy brand appears on a wide range of consumer products in more than 150 countries as well as retail stores and entertainment venues.
 SOURCE  Playboy Enterprises, Inc.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Mar 16, 2011, 14:11 ET
Preview: Rachel Sagan to Join Playboy Enterprises as Executive Vice President, Business Affairs, and General Counsel













Mar 04, 2011, 16:01 ET
Preview: Playboy Enterprises, Inc. Announces Closing of Acquisition by Icon Acquisition Holdings, L.P.






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.




 Read More











Jun 28, 2017, 08:05 ET
Playboy Enterprises Is Awarded $19 Million Against Play...






 More news releases in:

  Computer Electronics
  Entertainment
  Magazines
  Publishing & Information Services
  Television
Stock Offering












Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 








Better Understanding Through Technology & Emerging Research








			Your web browser must have JavaScript enabled in order for this application to display correctly.
		




