

	CLOUSE Trademark of Clouse; John W.. Serial Number: 73355712 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
CLOUSE










 
Get FREE email alerts













CLOUSE  Trademark Information
 Clouse; John W.
Amplifiers, Speakers, Audio Frequency Amplifiers, Pre-Amplifiers, Controllers, Tone and Wave Shapers, Noise Reducers, Expanders, Compressors, Mixers, Receivers, Synthesizers, and Electronic Amplifiers for Stringed Musical Instruments




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
amplifiers      speakers      audio   frequency   amplifiers      preamplifiers      controllers      tone   wave   shapers      noise   reducers      expanders      compressors      mixers      receivers    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CLOUSE trademark by Clouse; John W. 
                                in Kingsport, , 37660.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CLOUSE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Clouse; John W. of the CLOUSE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CLOUSE trademark.
                           






On Monday, March 22, 1982,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CLOUSE by 
                        Clouse; John W., Kingsport 37660.
                        The USPTO has given the CLOUSE 
                        trademark serial  number of  73355712.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for CLOUSE is 
                        
                        
                                            William P. Heath, Jr. of 
                                            P.O. Box 3043,  Kingsport TN   37664,  
                                .
                            The CLOUSE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CLOUSE 
                            is Amplifiers, Speakers, Audio Frequency Amplifiers, Pre-Amplifiers, Controllers, Tone and Wave Shapers, Noise Reducers, Expanders, Compressors, Mixers, Receivers, Synthesizers, and Electronic Amplifiers for Stringed Musical Instruments. 
                            





Word mark:
 CLOUSE


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

8/14/1990



  Serial Number:  
73355712


  Filing Date:  
3/22/1982


 Registration Number:  
1273360 


 Registration Date:  
4/10/1984


 Goods and Services: 
Amplifiers, Speakers, Audio Frequency Amplifiers, Pre-Amplifiers, Controllers, Tone and Wave Shapers, Noise Reducers, Expanders, Compressors, Mixers, Receivers, Synthesizers, and Electronic Amplifiers for Stringed Musical Instruments


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
1/17/1984


Last Applicant/Owner:

Clouse; John W.Kingsport 37660
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


William P. Heath, Jr.
P.O. Box 3043
Kingsport TN   37664







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
1/1/1958


First Use In Commerce: 
1/1/1970





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CLOUSE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/14/1990
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



William P. Heath, Jr.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CLOUSE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search clouse on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CLOUSE 




CLOUSE is providing Amplifiers, Speakers, Audio Frequency Amplifiers, Pre-Amplifiers, Controllers, Tone and Wave Shapers, Noise Reducers, Expanders, Compressors, Mixers, Receivers, Synthesizers, and Electronic Amplifiers for Stringed Musical Instruments.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















 












Mark A. Clouse, Pinnacle Foods Group LLC Chief Executive Officer - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Mark A. Clouse
Chief Executive Officer, Pinnacle Foods Group LLC








              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Mark A. Clouse at Pinnacle Foods Group LLC. Mark A. Clouse works as Chief Executive Officer , acting in a Executive Management role .  Pinnacle Foods Group LLC is a leader in Food Processing & Manufacturing .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News

07/27/2017:


Is Pinnacle Foods At Peak Performance Or Is Greater Growth Coming?

..... Pinnacle Foods' Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark Clouse, stated,
"The decision to exit these products now was the appropriate action for Pinnacle. It is consistent with our plans to enhance the ongoing margin of the Company and focus our efforts and investments on more profitable growth opportunities longer term......

People In This Article:
Mark A. Clouse
 

07/14/2017:


As market share wanes, Big Food needs to pay attention

..... Pinnacle Foods recently discontinued 16 Aunt Jemima frozen products that had been in its portfolio. In a statement from CEO Mark Clouse, he explained they were not generating high returns the company wanted, nor were they providing Pinnacle with a strategic foothold in that category. Snyder’s-Lance said it may divest some of its non-core brands, noting that approximately 50% of the snack company’s 2,000 SKUs contribute only about 5% of total branded gross sales.
.....

People In This Article:
Mark A. Clouse
 






Learn more about Mark A. Clouse  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Mark A. Clouse and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved


















































 



 Pinnacle Foods Inc. Names Mark A. Clouse Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Board 
         










    










 













 











 



















Pinnacle Foods Inc. Names Mark A. Clouse Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Board
        																																												
              

          Company Reaffirms Its Outlook for Fiscal 2016
        











 News provided by
Pinnacle Foods Inc.  
Apr 27, 2016, 08:02 ET









 Share this article




























































PARSIPPANY, N.J., April 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Pinnacle Foods Inc. (NYSE:    PF) today announced that its Board of Directors has named Mark A. Clouse as the Company's new Chief Executive Officer, effective May 23, 2016, replacing Bob Gamgort, who is leaving the Company at the end of this month.  Clouse will also serve on the Company's Board.  Craig Steeneck, Chief Financial Officer of Pinnacle, will assume the additional role of interim-CEO of Pinnacle, upon Gamgort's departure and through May 22, 2016.  In making the announcement, the Company also reaffirmed its outlook for adjusted diluted EPS for 2016 in the range of $2.08 to $2.13, which will be discussed in detail tomorrow on the Company's previously-scheduled earnings call for the first quarter.








Clouse, 47, is currently Chief Commercial Officer at Mondelez International, Inc., where he has held a broad range of leadership positions involving iconic brands such as Oreo, Nabisco, Cadbury and Trident during his 20-year tenure at Kraft Foods Inc. and the subsequent spin-off of Mondelez.  In his current role, Clouse oversees the company's commercial execution for all of its five geographic regions, as well as the global sales function.  Prior to this, Clouse was Chief Growth Officer for Mondelez, where he was responsible for the company's growth strategy and oversaw key areas such as corporate strategy, global marketing, global sales, and research, development and quality.  In addition, during his tenure, Clouse also led smaller, entrepreneurial businesses in emerging markets, such as China and Brazil, and held leadership roles involving the integration of acquisitions.   
Before joining Kraft Foods Inc., Clouse served in the United States Army as a pilot and completed his service as a Captain.  He is a graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, with a degree in economics.  
Commenting on the appointment, Pinnacle Chairman Roger K. Deromedi stated, "We are thrilled to welcome Mark to Pinnacle as our new CEO.  He assumes the leadership of a very strong company with an exceptionally talented team and bright future.  Mark's strong operating background and proven track record of success, combined with his broad experience in both the North American market and more entrepreneurial developing market businesses, make him the ideal candidate to lead Pinnacle and drive the continued success of our business model and strategy."
"I am delighted to be joining Pinnacle and honored to take the helm of such a well-run and admired company.  I believe the Company's proven business model and strategy will continue to deliver consistently strong results, and I look forward to leading the organization through its next stage of attractive value creation," added Clouse.  
About Pinnacle Foods Inc. In more than 85% of American households, consumers reach for Pinnacle Foods brands. Pinnacle Foods is ranked on Fortune Magazine's 2015 Top 1000 companies list. We are a leading producer, marketer and distributor of high-quality branded food products, which have been trusted household names for decades. Headquartered in Parsippany, NJ, our business employs an average of 5400 employees. Our Duncan Hines Grocery segment manages brands such as Duncan Hines® baking mixes and frostings, Vlasic® and Vlasic Farmer's Garden® shelf-stable pickles, Wish-Bone® and Western® salad dressings, Mrs. Butterworth's® and Log Cabin® table syrups, Armour® canned meats, Brooks® and Nalley® chili and chili ingredients, Duncan Hines® Comstock® and Wilderness® pie and pastry fruit fillings and Open Pit® barbecue sauces. Our Birds Eye Frozen segment manages brands such as Birds Eye®, gardein™, Birds Eye Steamfresh®, C&W®, McKenzie's®, and Freshlike® frozen vegetables, Birds Eye Voila!® complete bagged frozen meals, Van de Kamp's® and Mrs. Paul's® frozen prepared seafood, Hungry-Man® frozen dinners and entrees, Aunt Jemima® frozen breakfasts, Lender's® frozen and refrigerated bagels, and Celeste® frozen pizza. Our Specialty Foods segment manages Tim's Cascade Snacks®, Hawaiian® kettle style potato chips, Erin's® popcorn, Snyder of Berlin® and Husman's® snacks in addition to our food service and private label businesses. The acquisition of Boulder Brands adds well-known brands such as Glutino®, Udi's Gluten Free®, Earth Balance®, EVOL® foods, and Smart Balance® to the Pinnacle Foods portfolio.  Further information is available at www.pinnaclefoods.com.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pinnacle-foods-inc-names-mark-a-clouse-chief-executive-officer-and-director-of-the-board-300258022.html
SOURCE  Pinnacle Foods Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.pinnaclefoods.com



 












Apr 28, 2016, 08:00 ET
Preview: Pinnacle Foods Inc. Reports 1st Quarter Fiscal 2016 Results













Apr 12, 2016, 16:01 ET
Preview: Pinnacle Foods Inc. To Report Fiscal Q1 Results and Host Conference Call






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 











May 02, 2017, 11:01 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Birds Eye® Vegetables Launches Veggie Made™ Pasta, Veggie Made™...






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Food & Beverages
  Household, Consumer & Cosmetics
Earnings Forecasts & Projections
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Pinnacle Foods Inc. Names Mark A. Clouse Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Board


 News provided by
Pinnacle Foods Inc.  
Apr 27, 2016, 08:02 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Mark A. Clouse - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Mark A. Clouse
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer at Pinnacle Foods Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Mark A. Clouse? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mark A. Clouse's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mark A. Clouse's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mark A. Clouse's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mark A. Clouse through your network of contacts.
												








Mark A. Clouse's Executive Work History


Current


Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, 
Pinnacle Foods Inc.


Past
To view Mark A. Clouse's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
48

 
 


Mark A. Clouse's Biography



Principal Occupation and Other Information: Mr. Clouse was appointed Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company effective May 23, 2016 and May 25, 2016, respectively. Pinnacle Foods Inc. is a leading manufacturer, marketer and distributor of high-quality branded food products with a mission of unleashing brand potential. From January 2016 to May 2016, Mr. Clouse served as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer at Mondelez International, Inc. He previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer from July 2014 until December 2015 and Executive Vice President and President, North America from October  ...
(Read More)

			Principal Occupation and Other Information: Mr. Clouse was appointed Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company effective May 23, 2016 and May 25, 2016, respectively. Pinnacle Foods Inc. is a leading manufacturer, marketer and distributor of high-quality branded food products with a mission of unleashing brand potential. From January 2016 to May 2016, Mr. Clouse served as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer at Mondelez International, Inc. He previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer from July 2014 until December 2015 and Executive Vice President and President, North America from October 2012 to March 2015. He was President of the Snacks and Confectionery business in North America from June 2011 to October 2012, Senior Vice President of the Biscuits Global Category Team from October 2010 to June 2011, Managing Director of Kraft Foods Brazil from January 2008 to September 2010 and President of Kraft Foods Greater China from January 2006 to January 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Clouse held various positions of increasing responsibility around the world. During Mr. Clouse's 20-year tenure at Kraft Foods Inc. and the subsequent spin-off of Mondelez, Mr. Clouse held a broad range of leadership positions involving iconic brands such as Oreo, Nabisco, Cadbury and Trident, oversaw the company's commercial execution for all of its five geographic regions, as well as the global sales function, was responsible for the company's growth strategy and oversaw key areas such as corporate strategy, global marketing, global sales, and research, development and quality. Mr. Clouse is a graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, with a degree in economics.     Leadership Experience: Mr. Clouse is the current Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Additionally, Mr. Clouse served in numerous leadership roles during his tenure with Mondelez International.     Marketing Experience: Mr. Clouse previously held key global marketing, global sales and corporate strategy roles at Mondelez International.     Operations Experience: Mr. Clouse served as Executive Vice President and President, North America and as President of the Snacks and Confectionery business in North America in various roles at Mondelez International.     Relevant Industry Experience: Mr. Clouse is the current CEO of the Company and he previously served in roles of increasing responsibility at Mondelez International.     Consumer Packaged Goods Experience: Mr. Clouse has significant executive level experience leading a consumer packaged goods company, given his current role as CEO of the Company and having served in various leadership roles at Kraft Foods and Mondelez International.     Public Company Expertise: Mr. Clouse has served as a Director of the Company since 2016.
		
Source: Pinnacle Foods Inc. on 04/13/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mark A. Clouse's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Mark A. Clouse. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mark A. Clouse's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mark A. Clouse's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mark A. Clouse through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Mark A. Clouse


















Mark A. Clouse's Connections (70)





Sign up now to view Mark A. Clouse's 70 connections »









Sanjay Khosla
Board Member, Zoetis Inc.









John T. Cahill
Board Member, The Kraft Heinz Company









Ratan N. Tata
Former Board Member, Arconic Inc.









Muktesh Pant
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Yum China Holdings, Inc.









Marc S. Firestone
Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Philip Morris International Inc.









Terry J. Lundgren
Executive Chairman, Macy's, Inc.









Ruth J. Simmons
Board Member, Mondelez International, Inc.









Christopher J. Boever
Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer, Pinnacle Foods Inc.









Mark L. Schiller
EVP, Chief Commercial Officer, Pinnacle Foods Inc.









Mark A. Jung
Former Board Member, Pinnacle Foods Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Pinnacle Foods Inc.


















































Recipes
Product Locator
















| 


Pinnacle Foods Inc. Names Mark A. Clouse Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Board

Company Reaffirms Its Outlook for Fiscal 2016

	PARSIPPANY, N.J., April 27, 2016 - Pinnacle Foods Inc. (NYSE: PF) today announced that its Board of Directors has named Mark A. Clouse as the Company’s new Chief Executive Officer, effective May 23, 2016, replacing Bob Gamgort, who is leaving the Company at the end of this month. Clouse will also serve on the Company’s Board. Craig Steeneck, Chief Financial Officer of Pinnacle, will assume the additional role of interim-CEO of Pinnacle, upon Gamgort’s departure and through May 22, 2016. In making the announcement, the Company also reaffirmed its outlook for adjusted diluted EPS for 2016 in the range of $2.08 to $2.13, which will be discussed in detail tomorrow on the Company’s previously-scheduled earnings call for the first quarter.

	Clouse, 47, is currently Chief Commercial Officer at Mondelez International, Inc., where he has held a broad range of leadership positions involving iconic brands such as Oreo, Nabisco, Cadbury and Trident during his 20-year tenure at Kraft Foods Inc. and the subsequent spin-off of Mondelez. In his current role, Clouse oversees the company’s commercial execution for all of its five geographic regions, as well as the global sales function. Prior to this, Clouse was Chief Growth Officer for Mondelez, where he was responsible for the company’s growth strategy and oversaw key areas such as corporate strategy, global marketing, global sales, and research, development and quality. In addition, during his tenure, Clouse also led smaller, entrepreneurial businesses in emerging markets, such as China and Brazil, and held leadership roles involving the integration of acquisitions.

	Before joining Kraft Foods Inc., Clouse served in the United States Army as a pilot and completed his service as a Captain. He is a graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, with a degree in economics.

	Commenting on the appointment, Pinnacle Chairman Roger K. Deromedi stated, “We are thrilled to welcome Mark to Pinnacle as our new CEO. He assumes the leadership of a very strong company with an exceptionally talented team and bright future. Mark’s strong operating background and proven track record of success, combined with his broad experience in both the North American market and more entrepreneurial developing market businesses, make him the ideal candidate to lead Pinnacle and drive the continued success of our business model and strategy.”

	“I am delighted to be joining Pinnacle and honored to take the helm of such a well-run and admired company. I believe the Company’s proven business model and strategy will continue to deliver consistently strong results, and I look forward to leading the organization through its next stage of attractive value creation,” added Clouse.

Pinnacle Foods Contact

	Maria Sceppaguercio

	Sr. Vice President, Investor Relations

	973-541-8629

	 


About Pinnacle Foods Inc.

		In more than 85% of American households, consumers reach for Pinnacle Foods brands. Pinnacle Foods is ranked on Fortune Magazine's 2015 Top 1000 companies list. We are a leading producer, marketer and distributor of high-quality branded food products, which have been trusted household names for decades. Headquartered in Parsippany, NJ, our business employs an average of 5400 employees. Our Duncan Hines Grocery segment manages brands such as Duncan Hines® baking mixes and frostings, Vlasic® and Vlasic Farmer's Garden® shelf-stable pickles, Wish-Bone® and Western® salad dressings, Mrs. Butterworth's® and Log Cabin® table syrups, Armour® canned meats, Brooks® and Nalley® chili and chili ingredients, Duncan Hines® Comstock® and Wilderness® pie and pastry fruit fillings and Open Pit® barbecue sauces. Our Birds Eye Frozen segment manages brands such as Birds Eye®, gardein™, Birds Eye Steamfresh®, C&W®, McKenzie's®, and Freshlike® frozen vegetables, Birds Eye Voila!® complete bagged frozen meals, Van de Kamp's® and Mrs. Paul's® frozen prepared seafood, Hungry-Man® frozen dinners and entrees, Aunt Jemima® frozen breakfasts, Lender's® frozen and refrigerated bagels, and Celeste® frozen pizza. Our Specialty Foods segment manages Tim's Cascade Snacks®, Hawaiian® kettle style potato chips, Erin's® popcorn, Snyder of Berlin® and Husman's® snacks in addition to our food service and private label businesses. The acquisition of Boulder Brands adds well-known brands such as Glutino®, Udi's Gluten Free®, Earth Balance®, EVOL® foods, and Smart Balance® to the Pinnacle Foods portfolio. Further information is available at www.pinnaclefoods.com.


	 

Tags
Board of Directors
PF
Pinnacle Foods



 































	Pinnacle Foods Inc. - Pinnacle Foods Inc. Names Mark A. Clouse Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Board





































































Recipes
Product Locator



















View all Press Releases


News Releases Details
Pinnacle Foods Inc. Names Mark A. Clouse Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Board


04/27/2016

Download this Press Release (PDF)

Company Reaffirms Its Outlook for Fiscal 2016

PARSIPPANY, N.J., April 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Pinnacle Foods Inc. (NYSE: PF) today announced that its Board of Directors has named Mark A. Clouse as the Company's new Chief Executive Officer, effective May 23, 2016, replacing Bob Gamgort, who is leaving the Company at the end of this month.  Clouse will also serve on the Company's Board.  Craig Steeneck, Chief Financial Officer of Pinnacle, will assume the additional role of interim-CEO of Pinnacle, upon Gamgort's departure and through May 22, 2016.  In making the announcement, the Company also reaffirmed its outlook for adjusted diluted EPS for 2016 in the range of $2.08 to $2.13, which will be discussed in detail tomorrow on the Company's previously-scheduled earnings call for the first quarter.
Clouse, 47, is currently Chief Commercial Officer at Mondelez International, Inc., where he has held a broad range of leadership positions involving iconic brands such as Oreo, Nabisco, Cadbury and Trident during his 20-year tenure at Kraft Foods Inc. and the subsequent spin-off of Mondelez.  In his current role, Clouse oversees the company's commercial execution for all of its five geographic regions, as well as the global sales function.  Prior to this, Clouse was Chief Growth Officer for Mondelez, where he was responsible for the company's growth strategy and oversaw key areas such as corporate strategy, global marketing, global sales, and research, development and quality.  In addition, during his tenure, Clouse also led smaller, entrepreneurial businesses in emerging markets, such as China and Brazil, and held leadership roles involving the integration of acquisitions.   
Before joining Kraft Foods Inc., Clouse served in the United States Army as a pilot and completed his service as a Captain.  He is a graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, with a degree in economics.  
Commenting on the appointment, Pinnacle Chairman Roger K. Deromedi stated, "We are thrilled to welcome Mark to Pinnacle as our new CEO.  He assumes the leadership of a very strong company with an exceptionally talented team and bright future.  Mark's strong operating background and proven track record of success, combined with his broad experience in both the North American market and more entrepreneurial developing market businesses, make him the ideal candidate to lead Pinnacle and drive the continued success of our business model and strategy."
"I am delighted to be joining Pinnacle and honored to take the helm of such a well-run and admired company.  I believe the Company's proven business model and strategy will continue to deliver consistently strong results, and I look forward to leading the organization through its next stage of attractive value creation," added Clouse.  
About Pinnacle Foods Inc. In more than 85% of American households, consumers reach for Pinnacle Foods brands. Pinnacle Foods is ranked on Fortune Magazine's 2015 Top 1000 companies list. We are a leading producer, marketer and distributor of high-quality branded food products, which have been trusted household names for decades. Headquartered in Parsippany, NJ, our business employs an average of 5400 employees. Our Duncan Hines Grocery segment manages brands such as Duncan Hines® baking mixes and frostings, Vlasic® and Vlasic Farmer's Garden® shelf-stable pickles, Wish-Bone® and Western® salad dressings, Mrs. Butterworth's® and Log Cabin® table syrups, Armour® canned meats, Brooks® and Nalley® chili and chili ingredients, Duncan Hines® Comstock® and Wilderness® pie and pastry fruit fillings and Open Pit® barbecue sauces. Our Birds Eye Frozen segment manages brands such as Birds Eye®, gardein™, Birds Eye Steamfresh®, C&W®, McKenzie's®, and Freshlike® frozen vegetables, Birds Eye Voila!® complete bagged frozen meals, Van de Kamp's® and Mrs. Paul's® frozen prepared seafood, Hungry-Man® frozen dinners and entrees, Aunt Jemima® frozen breakfasts, Lender's® frozen and refrigerated bagels, and Celeste® frozen pizza. Our Specialty Foods segment manages Tim's Cascade Snacks®, Hawaiian® kettle style potato chips, Erin's® popcorn, Snyder of Berlin® and Husman's® snacks in addition to our food service and private label businesses. The acquisition of Boulder Brands adds well-known brands such as Glutino®, Udi's Gluten Free®, Earth Balance®, EVOL® foods, and Smart Balance® to the Pinnacle Foods portfolio.  Further information is available at www.pinnaclefoods.com.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pinnacle-foods-inc-names-mark-a-clouse-chief-executive-officer-and-director-of-the-board-300258022.html
SOURCE  Pinnacle Foods Inc.

Maria Sceppaguercio, Sr. Vice President, Investor Relations, 973-541-8629





View all Press Releases













Print
|

|
RSS
|
Alerts
|
Financial Tear Sheet















































Copyright © 2017 Pinnacle Foods Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright © 2017 Pinnacle Foods Group LLC. All Rights Reserved.





Privacy
|
Terms of Use
|
Contact Us
|
mypantry





Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5





















	Our Founders





























































CONTACT US 
ACCESSIBILITY 
CHANGE REGION 

Search   


Follow @MDLZ












Text Contrast 
T 
T 


Text Size 
A 
A 
A 









Viewing Mondelēz International 









Global



 Mondelēz International 
 Careers 








Asia, Middle East and Africa



 AMEA Region 
 Australia/New Zealand 
 China

中国


 India 
 Japan

日本



Malaysia 
 Nigeria

Philippines 
 South Africa

Thailand 

Vietnam
Tiếng Việt









Europe



 Europe

English


 Russia

Россия


 Turkey

Türkiye


 Ukraine

Украïна









Latin America



 Argentina 
 Brazil

Brasil


 Mexico 
 Puerto Rico 







North America



 Canada

English
French


 United States







Other Sites



Foodservice 
Snackworks 
Collaborate with Mondelēz International
Supplier Portal 
Nutrition Science Corner 
Supplier Diversity





























  

About Us 
Brand Family 
Well-Being 
Investors 
Newsroom 
Careers 













Home

>

About Us

>

                    
                    Our Founders
                

 






About Us




Our Growth Strategy




Our Management Team




Our Corporate Timelines




Our Founders




Compliance and Integrity










Our Founders
















Thomas Adams, Sr.




Thomas Adams, Sr. (1818-1905) – Founder of Modern Chewing Gum

The birth of the modern day chewing gum industry can be traced to the 1850s when Thomas Adams Sr., a New York wholesale glass merchant and inventor, became acquainted with General Antonio López de Santa Anna, president of Mexico. When Santa Anna was exiled from Mexico and came to the U.S. in the mid-1860s, he stayed with friend Adams at his Staten Island home.  Santa Anna suggested to Adams that he create a formula to make carriage or bicycle tires by experimenting with chicle, a substance found in Central American sapodilla fruit trees.  About one ton of chicle from Mexico was shipped to New York and Adams, assisted by his son Thomas Jr., tried unsuccessfully to use chicle as a rubber substitute for tires and other items.

    The supply of chicle sat in a warehouse until Adams was inspired by a girl asking for chewing gum in a New York drugstore.  He came up with the idea to use the chicle to make chewing gum.  Until this time, chewing gum was made with spruce tree resin or paraffin wax.  In about 1869, Adams and his son started making unflavored and unsweetened chicle chewing gum in the kitchen of their home, first rolling the chicle flat with a rolling pin and then cutting it into pieces with scissors.  They boxed and labeled the product “Adams’ New York Chewing Gum No. 1 – Snapping and Stretching”.  Thomas Jr. took boxes of their new chewing gum and left them on consignment at drug stores.  Their chicle gum was a success with consumers and soon reorders poured in.

    In 1871 Adams registered U.S. Patent #111,798 for a method of preparing “chickly” [chicle] to produce chewing gum and began commercial mass production of the confectionery product.  With two of his sons, Thomas Jr. and John D., Thomas Adams, Sr. started Adams & Sons Company in 1876. 

    The firm was the world’s most prosperous chewing gum company by the end of the century.  Thomas Jr. became president of the company when Thomas Sr. retired in 1898.   Thomas Jr. then built a gum powerhouse in 1899 by merging with the six largest and best-known chewing gum manufacturers in the United States and Canada, and achieved great success as the maker of Chiclets.

    Thomas Adams Sr. died in 1905 at the age of 87.














John Cadbury




John Cadbury (1801-1889)

John Cadbury was born in Birmingham, England, on 12th August 1801. He was from a Quaker family and did not have the option to go to university as this was against Quaker beliefs. Instead he became an apprentice to a tea dealer in Leeds in 1818. He opened a grocer’s shop at 93 Bull Street, Birmingham in 1824, selling amongst other things, cocoa and drinking chocolate, which he prepared himself using a mortar and pestle. Tea, coffee, cocoa and drinking chocolate were seen as healthy alternatives to alcohol, which as a Quaker he believed was bad for society.
After several years, John decided to start manufacturing on a commercial scale. In 1831 he purchased a warehouse in nearby Crooked Lane. The earliest preserved price list from 1842 shows that he was selling 16 lines of drinking chocolate in cakes and powder format, and eleven lines of cocoa in powder, flakes, paste and cocoa nibs formats. He was only selling one line of eating chocolate at this time. In 1846 John took his brother Benjamin into partnership and the name of the firm was changed to Cadbury Brothers.
In 1847 the business moved to a new factory in Bridge Street. . The partnership with Benjamin was dissolved by mutual consent in 1856 and John retired in 1861, handing over complete control of the business to his two sons, Richard and George. The following decades saw the Cadbury business grow to become an industry leader by harnessing the opportunities of industrialisation and creatively marketing to a growing consumer class.
John Cadbury spent his retirement engaged in civic and social work in Birmingham. Philanthropy had been important to him all his life; over the years he had led a campaign to ban the use of boys as chimney sweeps, campaigned against animal cruelty and formed the Animal Friends Society, a forerunner of the RSPCA. John died on May 11th  1889, aged 87.














William Christie




William Christie (1829-1900)

William M. Christie came to Canada from Scotland at the age of 19 in 1848 and worked as a baker in Toronto. In September of 1849 he joined a partnership formed by James Mathers and Alexander Brown to work as an assistant baker and traveling salesman.

    When James Mathers retired in 1850, Alexander Brown took William Christie into the partnership. In 1853, when Alexander Brown retired, he left the business with William Christie. In 1861, when William suffered financial setbacks, Alexander Brown returned to the business, which then adopted the name Christie, Brown & Company.

    On February 11, 1878, Alexander Brown retired for the second time and the business was purchased by William Christie. He built his business on the premise that customers deserved a quality product with the best ingredients. After attending the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition in 1876 with samples of his biscuits, he returned with silver and bronze medals. This was just the first of many such trips and "Mr. Christie" soon became known for his high quality biscuits.

    In 1900, the son of William Christie, Robert J. Christie, took over the business. At the time, the company had grown from using less than 50 barrels of flour a week to using 160 barrels of flour, one and one-half tons of butter and lard, and thousands of eggs every working day. The business, under the direction of William Christie, had expanded to the point where Christie, Brown & Company employed approximately 375 people by the turn of the century and had offices in Montreal, as well as Toronto. Deliveries were made to all parts of Canada.














Adolphus Green




Adolphus Green (1843-1917)  

Adolphus Green, a successful attorney in Chicago, Illinois, began his association with the baking industry in the late 1880s when a committee of prominent bakery owners across the Midwest came to his office and sought his assistance. The bakers realized that times were changing and that bakeries had to change with it. The result of that meeting was the formation in 1890 of the American Biscuit & Manufacturing Company, led by Adolphus Green. This new company combined approximately 40 Midwestern bakeries in the hopes of improving product quality and efficiency.

    In 1898, Adolphus merged his company with William Moore’s New York Biscuit Company, along with the United States Baking Company, to form the National Biscuit Company, a formidable collection of 114 bakeries. Adolphus Green was president of this new national company.

    Adolphus was convinced his new company needed a big idea to gain the public's attention. He got it very quickly when the company that same year developed a cracker with a new shape that was lighter and flakier than anything else being made at that time. He considered many names for the product and decided on Uneeda biscuit. However, the quality and freshness of the new Uneeda biscuit wouldn't mean much if the product didn't arrive for customers that way. The previous method of bulk sales would no longer do the job. National Biscuit Company needed a major step forward in packaging and created it with the "In-er-seal" package, an ingenious system of inter-folded layers of wax paper and cardboard. It was the first of many innovations in biscuit packaging.

    Over the next several decades National Biscuit Company, often referred to by the abbreviation N.B.C., grew by acquiring companies such as the F.H. Bennett Company, maker of Milk-Bone pet products, and the Shredded Wheat Company, maker of Triscuit wafers and Shredded Wheat cereal. During this time, the company was also busy developing numerous cookies and crackers, many of which continue to be family favorites, such as Oreo cookies, Ritz crackers and Honey Maid graham crackers.

    The name Nabisco first appeared on a new sugar wafer product in 1901, but the corporate name did not change until 1971.














James L. Kraft






James L. Kraft (1874-1953)

By the age of 29, James Lewis Kraft had experience in three business enterprises, including a cheese business based in Buffalo, NY. That year, 1903, while in Chicago managing the company's local branch, Kraft's business partners eased him out. Stranded in this city with a scant $65, Kraft quickly put his merchandising experience to work.
 
 
He noticed that local merchants had to travel to Chicago's wholesale warehouse district to buy the cheese they sold in their stores. So, Kraft used his meager capital to rent a horse and wagon, and each day purchased a stock of cheese to resell to the small storekeepers. The merchants appreciated the convenience, and Kraft prospered.
 
 
By 1909, his brothers Charles, John, Fred and Norman joined him, and they incorporated the business under the name of J.L. Kraft & Bros. Co., with J.L. Kraft as president.
 
 
In 1915, they began producing processed cheese in 3-1/2 and 7-3/4 ounce tins. J.L. Kraft's method of producing processed cheese was so revolutionary, in 1916 he obtained a patent for it. J.L. Kraft followed up on his success with processed cheese in tins by introducing or acquiring many additional products, including such familiar names as Velveeta process cheese, Philadelphia cream cheese, Miracle Whip salad dressing and Kraft macaroni & cheese dinner.
 
 
He used innovative advertising to promote his products and was a pioneer in the sponsorship of American television and radio shows. The company's "hands" commercials, showing a pair of hands preparing recipes using Kraft products, became a symbol of the company's advertising success.
 
 
The success of J.L. Kraft and his company was noted by Thomas McInnerney, founder of National Dairy Products Corporation. In 1930, Kraft-Phenix Cheese Corporation (as it was then called) was acquired by National Dairy Products Corporation. Kraft continued to operate as an independent subsidiary of National Dairy Products Corporation for many years, but eventually was absorbed into the operating structure of the parent company, which changed its name to Kraftco Corporation in the late 1960s, almost 16 years after J.L.’s death.














Jean-Romain Lefèvre et Pauline-Isabelle Utile






Jean-Romain Lefèvre (died 1883) et Pauline-Isabelle Utile (died 1920)

Monsieur Jean-Romain Lefèvre arrived in the seaside town of Nantes, France in 1846 and opened a biscuit factory at number 5 rue Boileau.  His unique cookies and pastries, often made from local ingredients, were an immediate success with the local citizens.  In 1850, Jean-Romain Lefèvre married Mademoiselle Pauline-Isabelle Utile.  They combined their lives - and their surnames - and Lefèvre-Utile biscuits were born.
 
 
The couple opened a beautiful new retail store at number 7 rue Boileau in a building adjacent to their factory.  By 1880 the Lefèvre-Utile factory employed fourteen workers.  In 1882 Lefèvre-Utile biscuits won a gold medal at the Nantes exposition.  This medal crowned the career of Jean-Romain who died one year later.  Pauline-Isabelle assumed management of the bakery after her husband’s death.
 
 
The family business soon passed to Jean-Romain and Pauline-Isabelle’s third son, Louis Lefèvre-Utile.  In 1887 Louis, along with his brother-in-law Ernest Lefèvre, established the Lefèvre-Utile Company.  They build a new biscuit factory using the most modern baking techniques.  Louis also began devoting resources to advertising in order to promote LU biscuits.  He appealed to the best graphic designers and painters of his day, such as Firmin Boisset and Alfons Mucha, who lend their talents to create exquisite publicity materials.  
 
 
In 1897 LU introduced what would become its signature cookie  --  Le Petit Êcolier “The Little Schoolboy.”  This new product consists of a scalloped butter biscuit topped with fine chocolate imprinted with the schoolboy figure.  By the end of the 19th century the sale of LU biscuits extended throughout France and several foreign markets.  And the LU factory employed several hundred workers.
 
 
In 2007 Kraft Foods Inc. acquired Group Danone's global biscuit business including the market-leading LU brand.  Today, LU biscuits continue to make life’s delicious little luxuries as they have for over 150 years.














Carl Russ-Suchard




Carl Russ-Suchard (1838 – 1925), Inventor of Milka

Carl Russ-Suchard was born in Solingen, Germany in 1838. In 1884, he took over the reins of Chocolat Suchard from his father-in-law, Philippe Suchard, who founded the chocolate factory in Neuchâtel, Switzerland in 1826.

    Carl Russ-Suchard had been experimenting for a long time on how to enhance the taste and consistency of chocolate bars - which were still quite bitter and hard in those days - by adding milk. At last, he succeeded in combining the cocoa mass with powdered milk that was extracted from Alpine milk. This was still an entirely innovative product at this time.

    With the right intuition for the ingredients and an entrepreneurial, forward-looking vision, he was able to introduce a sustainable milk chocolate on the market with this process. In 1901, he created the renowned Milka chocolate with its one-of-a-kind lilac look, and he made it popular on a transnational level.

    Up until his golden years, Carl Russ-Suchard contributed his competence and experience to chocolate production.

    Carl Russ-Suchard passed away in 1925 at the age of 87.














Holger Sørensen




Holger Sørensen (died 1943)

In 1915, Holger Sørensen established a confectionery factory in Vejle, Denmark.  His confectionery company named Vejle Caramel-og Tabletfabrik earned a reputation for high quality products. But Sørensen was always looking for new opportunities.  At an exhibition in London, he noticed a new product – chewing gum.  He bought the recipe and began experimenting with making chewing gum in his own kitchen.  His first chewing gum, Vejle Tyggegummi, was introduced to the Danish market in January 1927 and became an instant success.  Quality remained key for Holger Sørensen as it had from the start and continued as top priority for his chewing gum.  
 
 
In 1939, the chewing gum maker adopted the name Dandy, and the Dandy brand name appeared for the first time.
 
 
Following Holger Sørensen death in 1943, his son, Erik Bagger-Sørensen, took charge of the company along with his mother.  After World War II, he gained sole responsibility for managing the company.  With his talent for business, production, development and interest in trade and export, the Dandy company entered a period of dramatic development with new factories, export opportunities and new products.  Stimorol, which would become Dandy’s most popular gum brand, was introduced in 1956.
 
 Cadbury Schweppes acquired the branded chewing gum business of Dandy A/S from the Bagger-Sørensen family in 2002.  The Dandy chewing gum brands at that time included Stimorol, V6 and Dirol.














Philippe Suchard




Philippe Suchard (1797 – 1884), founder of Chocolat Suchard

When he was just a little boy, Philippe Suchard, born in 1797 in Boudry in the Swiss canton of Neuenburg, already dreamed of producing chocolate someday himself.

    At the age of ten he came into contact with chocolate for the very first time. At a pharmacist in Neuchâtel he went to buy a pound of chocolate - known as a “pick-me-up” at that time - as a medical remedy for his ailing mother. The expensive “medicine” cost him six francs. At that time this was equivalent to about three days wages for a laborer. On the way home, the ten-year-old dreamed about what it would be like to earn a living making chocolate.

    Chocolate was Suchard's passion from then on. And a few years later, in 1814, he started an apprenticeship in confectionary with his older brother Frédéric in Berne.

    In 1825, his childhood dream actually came true and he opened his own small confectionery business in Neuchâtel, Switzerland. He offered fine chocolate made by hand and laid the cornerstone for Suchard's success.

    Just about one year later, in 1826, he built his first chocolate factory on the banks of the Serriere River, in Neuchâtel-Serrières. With the help of a kneading and stamping machine fueled by hydropower, Suchard and his employee were able to produce 25 to 30 kilograms of chocolate per day. In 1880, the ambitious Suchard expanded further and opened his first factory abroad, in the German city of Lörrach.

    By 1883 Chocolat Suchard was one of the largest chocolate companies in Switzerland, and Philippe Suchard was one of the most important chocolate manufacturers. Even today, his name and his products are well-known far beyond Switzerland.

    Philippe Suchard passed away in 1884 at the age of 87.














Henning Throne-Holst




Henning Throne-Holst (1895-1980)

Henning Throne-Holst, the son of the founder of Norway’s Freia chocolate company, was commissioned by his father, Johan, to go to Sweden in 1916 and start a chocolate industry there named after the Freia company logo, the Marabou stork.  At the young age of 23, he brought with him his father’s knowledge of the chocolate industry and his father’s dedication to quality.

    Freia had opened a very fashionable store on Oslo's main commercial street at th end of the previous century. The store radiated exclusiveness, with mahogany paneling, cut-glass chandeliers and velvet-covered chairs and sofas. The young Throne-Holst wanted Marabou to have something similar in Sweden. In the 1920’s Marabou acquired two stores in Stockholm, one in Gothenburg and one in Malmö.   In those days, the best in interior decorating was supplied by the Swedish department store NK, which was commissioned to furnish these stores. The four stores reflected Marabou’s commitment to quality, not only in the furnishings but also in the service-mindedness of the staff.  The stores catered to those who wanted fresh chocolate and something extra in the way of fancy hand-packed boxes.

    Although independent operations, the Freia and Marabou companies worked closely together over the years, and in 1990 Freia bought the Marabou chocolate business.  Freia Marabou a/s thus became Scandinavia’s leading manufacturer of chocolate and sugar confectionery. 














Johan Throne-Holst




Johan Throne-Holst (1868-1946)

In 1892 Johan Throne-Holst bought a small backyard chocolate factory in Rodeløkka, at that time a suburb of Oslo, Norway.  This small chocolate company had 11 employees. Within a few years – in 1898 – the young company called A/S Freia went public and its stock began trading on the stock exchange.  The company grew quickly and became the most successful chocolate producer in Scandinavia.  In 1914 Freia was awarded a special national prize for “outstanding products together with pioneering the fields of production technology, marketing and workers welfare.”   Today the Freia chocolate factory is still located at the same Rodeløkka site.

    The heritage left by Johan Throne-Holst has been an inspiration for generations to follow.  He created an industrial environment which stimulated both professional and personal growth.  Hygienic and pleasant surroundings, health services, pension benefits and profit sharing were all implemented at Freia years before they became the norm in Norwegian industry.  In 1922 Johan commissioned the painter Edvard Munch to decorate one of the employee dining rooms, and ever since that time art has been an integral part of the Freia environment.  The 12 Munch paintings in the “Freia frieze” adorn the walls of the present dining room, which faces the lovely Freia Park where a stunning collection of sculptures is surrounded by beautiful flowers.














Theodor Tobler 




Theodor Tobler (1876 – 1941), Inventor of Toblerone

Theodor Tobler was born in Berne, Switzerland in 1876. His father, Jean Tobler, initially ran a 'Confiserie Spéciale' (Specialist Confectioner) business there which he had begun in 1868. And as of 1877 Jean Tobler began his own small sugar confectionery production.

    Jean Tobler produced all of his candies by hand. Thanks to their popularity, the family's business quickly became profitable. In 1894, Theodor Tobler joined his parents' business. But Theodor thought the company was too small, so he suggested that his parents also produce chocolate in addition to candy and sugar confectionery, and to build a factory for this purpose.
 
 
When Jean Tobler stepped down from the business in 1900, at the age of 70, Theodor and his two siblings took over the management of the factory. They quickly expanded the operation, building it into an internationally renowned company.

    During several trips to Alsace, Emil Baumann - the former production manager of the company and cousin of Theodor Tobler - discovered white nougat. Tobler and Baumann experimented by adding small pieces of the nougat to their milk chocolate. In this way, a completely new product was developed - in terms of its form and mixture - in 1908. Theodor called the new creation Toblerone and, in doing so, combined his surname with the term "Torrone," the name of an Italian variety of nougat. Toblerone became an instant sensation.

    To safeguard against imitators, Theodor Tobler had the manufacturing process patented in 1909 with the Federal Institute for Intellectual Property in Berne.
 
 
Theodor Tobler passed away in 1941 at the age of 65.














Fred Walker




Fred Walker (1884-1935)

Fred Walker, founder of the Kraft Walker Cheese Company, was responsible for the development of many products and provided the inspiration for a yeast extract product which has given Australians a national icon – Vegemite.

    Born in 1884, Fred showed his drive and ambition from an early age. He left school at 16 to work for a dairy and export merchant in Melbourne, gaining an education and inspiration for his future endeavors. In 1903, at the age of 19, he went to Hong Kong and established his own export/import company, Fred Walker and Company. After returning to Melbourne, his business continued to grow. He soon became the largest cheese and butter dealer in Australia, and manufactured Red Feather Brand cheese in tin cans.

    In 1922, Fred hired a young chemist to develop a spread from one of the richest known natural sources of vitamin B – brewers yeast. Once the new product was ready, he held a competition inviting the public to name the new spread – the winning name was Vegemite.

    Early in 1926, Fred Walker traveled to the United States to visit J.L. Kraft -- the result was an agreement with the Kraft Cheese Company that resulted in the creation of the Kraft-Walker Cheese Company, Limited in Australia. Fred Walker was president and general manager and remained so until his death in 1935.












 































©Mondelēz International. All Rights Reserved




Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Contact Us
top 























	Our Management Team





























































CONTACT US 
ACCESSIBILITY 
CHANGE REGION 

Search   


Follow @MDLZ












Text Contrast 
T 
T 


Text Size 
A 
A 
A 









Viewing Mondelēz International 









Global



 Mondelēz International 
 Careers 








Asia, Middle East and Africa



 AMEA Region 
 Australia/New Zealand 
 China

中国


 India 
 Japan

日本



Malaysia 
 Nigeria

Philippines 
 South Africa

Thailand 

Vietnam
Tiếng Việt









Europe



 Europe

English


 Russia

Россия


 Turkey

Türkiye


 Ukraine

Украïна









Latin America



 Argentina 
 Brazil

Brasil


 Mexico 
 Puerto Rico 







North America



 Canada

English
French


 United States







Other Sites



Foodservice 
Snackworks 
Collaborate with Mondelēz International
Supplier Portal 
Nutrition Science Corner 
Supplier Diversity





























  

About Us 
Brand Family 
Well-Being 
Investors 
Newsroom 
Careers 













Home

>

About Us

>

                    
                    Our Management Team
                

 






About Us




Our Growth Strategy




Our Management Team




Our Corporate Timelines




Our Founders




Compliance and Integrity










Our Management Team





Meet our management team. They guide our company, helping us live our purpose and achieve our vision … to create more moments of joy while building the best snacking company in the world.
Learn more about our team by clicking on their photo.




 


Irene Rosenfeld
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Download 



Irene is Chairman and CEO of Mondelēz International, the global snacking powerhouse launched following her decision to spin-off of the company’s North American grocery operations in October 2012.  Creating delicious moments of joy in 165 countries, Mondelēz International (NASDAQ: MDLZ), with 2015 net revenue of approximately $30 billion, is a world leader in biscuits, chocolate, gum, candy and powdered beverages, with billion-dollar brands such as Oreo, LU and Nabisco biscuits; Cadbury, Cadbury Dairy Milk and Milka chocolate; and Trident gum.
Since returning to Kraft Foods, the predecessor to Mondelēz International, in June 2006 as CEO and then Chairman in March 2007, Irene has changed the face, footprint and prospects of the company by reinvigorating iconic brands, transforming the portfolio into high-growth snacks categories, strengthening the company’s presence in emerging markets and aggressively improving margins.
The Financial Times, Fortune and Forbes have repeatedly ranked Irene on their lists of the “Top 50 Women in Global Business,” “50 Most Powerful Women in Business” and as one of the world’s “100 Most Powerful Women.”
Irene holds a Ph.D. in Marketing and Statistics, an M.S. in Business Administration and a B.A. in Psychology – all from Cornell University.  She is active in a number of industry and community organizations, including The Economic Club of Chicago, the Board of the Consumer Goods Forum and The Business Council.









 


​Maurizio Brusadelli
    Executive Vice President and President, Asia, Middle East & Africa

Download 



Maurizio Brusadelli is EVP & President Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) for Mondelēz International. Based in Singapore, he is responsible for driving growth in our Chocolate, Biscuits and Gum & Candy categories, building world-class capability and business impact across more than 100 markets in the region. He is also a member of Mondelēz International’s global management team.
Maurizio joined Kraft Foods in 1993 in the Italian Marketing department, going on to build invaluable experience in a variety of categories and brands. A Marketing Manager by 1999, he moved into Sales and then Trade Marketing, where he had responsibility for the Italian business.
Appointed Category Director, Coffee & Confectionery, Kraft Foods Italy in 2001, Maurizio was given responsibility for the Italian Food division at the end of 2002. In 2006, he became Category Director, Philadelphia Europe and in 2009 moved to Spain as VP & Managing Director Kraft Foods Iberia. He went on to lead the Gum & Candy category in Europe and in 2012 was appointed head of the UK & Ireland operations.

After relocating to Singapore in 2014, Maurizio was appointed President, Markets & Sales for Mondelēz International in Asia Pacific and President, Biscuits AP. In January 2016 he was appointed EVP & President Asia Pacific.
Maurizio holds a degree in Business and Economics and a Chartered Accountant from Bocconi University, Milan. Having lived and worked in Italy, Switzerland, Spain, the UK and Singapore, he is fluent in Italian, English and Spanish.








 


Tim Cofer
    Chief Growth Officer and
    Interim President,North America

Download 



Timothy Cofer is Chief Growth Officer and Interim President, North America, for Mondelēz International. In this role, Tim oversees the teams responsible for corporate strategy, global categories, global marketing, and research, development and quality. This integrated approach enables Mondelēz International to efficiently allocate resources to the biggest and highest return growth opportunities for its global innovation platforms and Power Brands, including nine iconic brands that generate annual revenues of more than $1 billion.
During his career at the company since 1992, Tim has progressed through a number of roles of increasing responsibility. Most recently, he served as Executive Vice President and President, Asia Pacific and Eastern Europe, Middle East & Africa.  Prior to that, Tim led the company's European business, based in Zurich, Switzerland. He also held strategic responsibility for the company's chocolate business as Senior Vice President, Global Chocolate Category Team. In this role, he led a team of global executives across strategy, innovation, consumer insights, marketing, research & development and supply chain functions.
Prior to this, Tim served as Senior Vice President, Strategy and Integration, leading the global integration efforts following the company's acquisition of Cadbury in early 2010. This complex assignment required him to lead the detailed work of combining the two organizations. Tim also was the architect of the company's European chocolate category model (2003-2006). His career has also included successful tenures leading the Oscar Mayer business (2007) and the company's former U.S. pizza business (2008-2010).
Tim was valedictorian of his MBA class at the University of Minnesota. He earned his bachelor's degree in Economics and Political Science from St. Olaf College, graduating Phi Beta Kappa and Magna Cum Laude.








 


Brian Gladden
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Download 



Brian Gladden is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Mondelēz International and leads the company’s Finance, M&A, and Best-in-Class Cost Leadership agenda.
Before joining the company in December 2014, Gladden was Senior Vice President and CFO of Dell, Inc., the Texas-based technology company. While at Dell, Gladden played a key leadership role in its transformation from a PC-focused company to a broad technology solutions company, as well as in its leveraged buyout in early 2014. He led all aspects of the finance function, and was also responsible for global information technology, security, facilities, corporate strategy and corporate development.
Previously, Brian was the president and CEO of SABIC Innovative Plastics, the successor company to General Electric Company’s Plastics business, after spending almost 20 years in senior financial and operational positions at GE. He ultimately led the sale of the GE Plastics business to SABIC in 2007.
Brian has extensive hands-on experience in operating excellence, financial discipline, driving down costs to fuel growth, balance sheet management and building and managing a large global business services operation. He also has significant emerging markets experience, along with a proven track record of creating shareholder value.
Brian earned a Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration and Finance from Millersville University in Millersville, PA.
 








 


Rob Hargrove
    Executive Vice President Research, Development & Quality 

Download 



Rob Hargrove is Executive Vice President of Research, Development & Quality for Mondelēz International, Inc. He is responsible for all product and packaging development, research, nutrition, quality, food safety and scientific affairs activities worldwide.
Rob previously served as Senior Vice President, Research, Development & Quality for Mondelez Europe, where he oversaw technical leadership for innovation, materials productivity, quality systems and reporting, scientific and regulatory affairs, and nutrition initiatives across the region.
Before joining Mondelēz International in 2013, Rob held several senior roles at PepsiCo since 1994.  There, he led Frito-Lay’s Research & Development activities in emerging Asian markets and Australia from 2000 to 2002, their North America health and wellness snacks portfolio from 2002 to 2006 and PepsiCo Europe’s Research & Development portfolio from 2006 to 2013, with a heavy emphasis on the developing Eastern European region, including Russia. Rob began his career with Procter & Gamble in the UK as a product developer in the laundry detergent category.
Rob is a native of Belfast, Northern Ireland, and holds a master’s degree in Chemical Engineering from Imperial College, University of London.
 








 


Alejandro Lorenzo
    Executive Vice President and President, Latin America

Download 



Alejandro Lorenzo leads the Latin America Region for Mondelēz International and brings to this role a track record of building brands, growing businesses and developing winning teams in global, region and local roles across multiple functions.
Prior to assuming this leadership position in January 2017, Alejandro was President, Global Biscuits Category where he played a lead role in developing the category growth strategy, championed the company’s well-being agenda and drove breakthrough innovations.  From 2012-14, he was President, Brazil where he led the turnaround of the company’s largest Latin American market to double-digit growth, fueled by pivotal local product launches of iconic brands like Oreo and belVita.
Alejandro has excelled in other diverse roles including Vice President, Strategy, Latin America & Marketing, Powdered Beverages and Groceries; General Manager, Venezuela; Finance Director, Venezuela; and Sr. Category Director of Beverages & Groceries, Brazil.
Prior to joining the company in 2003, Alejandro worked for the Ford Motor Company and John Deere in Argentina, Brazil and the United States.
He holds an MBA in International Business from Thunderbird School of Global Management and a Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting from Rosario National University in Argentina.








 


Karen May
    Executive Vice President, Human Resources

Download 



Karen May is Executive Vice President of Human Resources for Mondelēz International, Inc. She is responsible for the company’s human resources function worldwide. Karen held the same position at Kraft Foods Inc., the predecessor to Mondelēz International, prior to the spin-off of the company’s North American grocery operations in October of 2012.

    Prior to joining Kraft in 2005, Karen was with Baxter International Inc., where she last served as Corporate Vice President, Human Resources. Before heading up the human resources function at Baxter, Karen served in a variety of roles within the company, including Vice President /Controller of Baxter’s Hospital Supply Division; Vice President of Corporate Audit; Vice President of International Finance; and Vice President Human Resources, Global Talent Planning and Staffing.
     
    Prior to joining Baxter International, Karen worked in the audit practice of PriceWaterhouseCoopers.
     
    Karen serves on the Board of Directors of MB Financial Inc.
     
    She received a Bachelor of Science in Accountancy from the University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign and is a Certified Public Accountant.








 


Daniel Myers
    Executive Vice President, Integrated Supply Chain

Download 



Daniel Myers is Executive Vice President, Integrated Supply Chain, leading Mondelēz International, Inc.’s Procurement, Manufacturing, Engineering, and Customer Service and Logistics groups, which represent more than 60,000 of the company's employees. Daniel held the same position at Kraft Foods Inc., the predecessor to Mondelēz International, since he joined the company in September 2011.   The spin-off of the company’s North American grocery operations occurred in October of 2012.
Prior to Kraft Foods, Daniel worked for Procter & Gamble for 33 years, serving in roles across all areas of the engineering, plant management and supply chain functions. Most recently, he served as Vice President, Product Supply, where he led the supply chain function for P&G's Global Hair Care business. He also was responsible for coordinating the company's $28 billion Beauty & Grooming business, including manufacturing operations that supported sales in more than 170 countries.  
Daniel has strong experience building supply chains in new markets. He has 18 years' experience in global category and platform management, worked in 49 countries, and lived outside the U.S. for more than 10 years. He worked in every category within P&G's worldwide product portfolio, established P&G's Latin America business unit while living in Venezuela and led the integration of Gillette's global supply chain after it was acquired by P&G in 2005. Daniel also led the application of best practices in supply chain and manufacturing, including HPO, Total Quality and Lean Six Sigma.
Daniel received his Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Tennessee and serves on the board of the Global Supply Chain Institute at the University of Tennessee's School of Business.








 


Gerhard Pleuhs
    Executive Vice President and General Counsel

Download 



Gerd Pleuhs is Executive Vice President & General Counsel. Gerd oversees the company’s legal, corporate secretarial, compliance, and security functions.

    Gerd joined the Law Department of Jacobs Kaffee Deutschland GmbH in 1985, prior to its acquisition in 1990 by Altria Group, Inc. (formerly Philip Morris Companies Inc.). Gerd held a number of senior positions within the German Law Department, including Chief Counsel for the combined operations of Kraft and Jacobs Suchard, covering legal and regulatory affairs. In 2000, he was appointed Vice President & Chief Counsel for Kraft’s Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa Region, headquartered in Vienna. In 2003, Gerd was appointed Senior Vice President & General Counsel, Kraft Foods International, Inc. based in Rye Brook, N.Y. In 2004, Gerd moved to Northfield, IL to assume the position of Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel, International for Kraft Foods Global, Inc. He was promoted to Senior Vice President & Deputy General Counsel, Business Units in November 2007. On April 1st, 2012 Gerd became Kraft Foods’ EVP & General Counsel, reporting to the CEO.  He continues in that role for Mondelēz International, Inc. following the October 1, 2012 Spin-off of Kraft Foods Group, Inc. 
Since leaving the “home territory” in Bremen, Germany, for more than a decade, Gerd has been involved in and dealt with a wide variety of legal issues and matters. His work has involved many jurisdictions and areas of law and compliance, including much of Kraft’s international M&A activity.  Gerd negotiated Kraft’s acquisition of businesses in Morocco, Bulgaria, Romania, Russia, Poland, Turkey, and Egypt. He was the lead negotiator in Kraft’s 2007 $7.6Bn acquisition of Danone’s LU biscuit business. He was also a member of the core team responsible for Kraft’s $19Bn Cadbury acquisition in 2010.
With the announcement of the separation of Kraft Foods Inc. into two separate publicly-traded companies, Mondelēz international, Inc. and Kraft Foods Group, Inc., Gerd led the many legal work streams that enabled the spin-off of Kraft Foods Group, Inc.
Gerd is the President of the co-determined Supervisory Board of Mondelēz International in Germany. He was a member of the Kraft Developing Markets and the North American leadership teams before he joined the Mondelēz International Leadership team. 
Under Gerd’s leadership, the BU team has twice received Inside Counsel magazine’s “Most Innovative Legal Department” award.
Gerd has a law degree from the University in Kiel, and is a member of the Bar in Bremen, Germany.








 


Hubert Weber
    Executive Vice President and President, Mondelēz Europe

Download 



Appointed Executive Vice President and President of Mondelēz Europe in September 2013, Hubert Weber is responsible for Mondelēz International’s largest region by sales, encompassing 33 countries and around 33,000 employees and generating approximately USD 14 billion in annual revenues. 

    Between 2010 and 2013, Hubert led the European and Global Coffee category for Mondelēz International, overseeing the expansion of the Tassimo multi-beverage system and new product launches such as Millicano whole-bean instant coffee. Under his tenure, the Coffee category grew by around 5% annually, propelled by around 25% year-on-year growth in Tassimo. The category fully embraced the trend among European consumers for on-demand coffee and realized its ambition to become a truly global business, with an 11% share of the global market and the number two global market position. Hubert has chaired the European Coffee Federation since 2011.

    Prior to his role in Coffee, Hubert led a successful turnaround of the key DACH region (Germany, Austria and Switzerland) during his tenure as President DACH between 2009 and 2010 and was Managing Director Spain from 2007 to 2009. During his 25-year career with the company he has been responsible for sales strategy in global and regional roles, and has worked in seven European countries, as well as the United States.

    A passionate advocate for Mondelēz International’s sustainable agriculture agenda, Hubert was the architect of the company’s industry-leading commitment that by 2015, all the coffee beans used in its multiple brands in Europe would be sustainably sourced. In 2012, Hubert launched a multi-year USD 200 million commitment to coffee, called Coffee Made Happy that builds on the sustainable coffee sourcing commitment and aims to create one million coffee entrepreneurs by the year 2020. Alongside his dedication to sustainability, Hubert’s focus on people and teams has prompted his ongoing campaign for a radical simplification of processes and systems in the European business, calling for the organization to “keep it simple” and to free up resources to focus on the essentials.

    A graduate in economics and business, Hubert studied at the University of Stuttgart-Hohenheim. Married with two children, his passion for food extends to his private interest in cooking and entertaining. He lives in Zurich.











 































©Mondelēz International. All Rights Reserved




Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Contact Us
top 





















Products home  Toggle NavigationSign UpProductsInformationProcessingSolutionsAll ProductsCompanyAbout MarkitIntern ProgrammeMedia CenterOur TeamAlliance ProgrammeIndustry InvolvementEventsMarkit MagazineCareersAwardsInvestorsContact UsAll ProductsExplore our products and servicesLogin to  Markit productsUse the login box to the right to login to the following Markit products. We are working on a corporate rebrand for our product names. Product names might differ after login.CDSCDS Reference DataCommentaryCounterparty ManagerDirectory AdminEnvironmental RegistryEquity Volatility DataETPIndicesLoansMSAPMIParsingResearch SignalsSourceStructured FinanceValuations ManagerSign UpForgot my passwordTerms of UseKeep me logged inKY3PSelectKY3PMarkitSERVSelectCredit Novation ConsentDSMatchEquity Derivatives RepositoryMarkitSERV PortalMarkitWireTie-OutsTrade ManagerPortfolio Management - WSOSelectMarkit WSOWebMarkit Agent ServicesMarkit Notice ManagerMarkit Loan Reference DataMarkit Corporate ActionsSelectMarkit Corporate ActionsMarkit | CTI Tax SolutionsSelectMD³®Pricing Data - Securities FinanceSelectSecurities Finance PortalTransaction ExplorerPerformance ExplorerInternational Index ExplorerUK Index ExplorerRisk ExplorerTransaction Cost AnalysisSelectMarkit Transaction Cost AnalysisMarkit BestExthinkFolioSelectthinkFolioInterested in Markit products?Markit delivers content, connectivity and technology designed to enhance how financial market participants operate. Get immediate access to our products and services.Sign UpSign up fora Markit loginFirst nameLast nameEmailPhoneAddressCityCountryAfghanistanÅland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBolivia, Plurinational State ofBonaire, Saint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, the Democratic Republic of theCook IslandsCosta RicaCôte d'IvoireCroatiaCubaCuraçaoCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and McDonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarRéunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint BarthélemySaint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and the South Sandwich IslandsSouth SudanSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuela, Bolivarian Republic ofViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabweState/ProvincePostal codeCompanyJob titleMarkit Product(s)Select a ProductInformationPricing DataBondsCDSCommodities DataLoansEquity Volatility DataSecurities FinanceFair ValueOTC Derivatives DataReference DataRED for CDSABCDSBondsLoansMapsIndicesPMIABXCDXCMBXLCDXMCDXPRIMEXTABXMBX, IOS & POiBoxxiTraxxIndex ManagementIndex ServicesHalifax House Price IndexiRxxTrading ServicesComplianceHubInteractionsEvaluationPaymentsResearch SignalsBestExTransaction Cost AnalysisMSAIndex & ETF Data ManagementExchange Traded ProductsSOLANOVAValuation ServicesPortfolio ValuationsPrivate Equity ServicesTotemValuations ManagerOTC ServicesAuctionsMetricsParsingRegistryData DeliveryCompressionDesktopResearch ServicesDividend ForecastingEconomics and Country RiskProcessingMarkitSERVDealHubLoan SolutionsCommodity TrackerLoan SettlementSolutionsRisk AnalyticsMarkit Enterprise Data Management (EDM)Counterparty ManagerMarkit | Genpact KYC ServicesKY3P™ (Know Your Third Party)Markit | CTI Tax SolutionsMarkit | Information MosaicMarkit Prime ServicesMarkit DigitalthinkFolioWSO SoftwareWSO ServicesCorporate ActionsIf you have any specific requirements, please provide them below. (optional)I agree to the terms of useI agree to the privacy and cookie policyThank youThank you for your interest in Markit. We will contact you shortly.CloseSubscribeFirst nameLast nameEmailPhoneCompanyJob titleGet Markit NewsEquitiesCreditEconomicsThank youThank you for your interest in Markit. We will contact you shortly.CloseSign UpFirst nameLast nameEmailCompanyJob titleInstitution TypeAcademicAccountantAsset ManagementBank (Prime Broker)Bank (Sell Side)Broker DealerClearingConsulting and AdvisoryCorporate (Non-Financial)ETF IssuerFamily OfficeFund Administrator/Custodian/Trustee/ServicerFund of FundsGovernment Institutions & RegulatorsHedge FundInsurance CompanyLaw FirmMedia/Press/PRPension FundPrivate Equity/Venture CapitalRatings AgencyResearch, IndependentSecurities Firm, InstitutionalSecurities Firm, Private BankSovereign Wealth FundTrade/Industry AssociationVendor – DataVendor – OtherVendor – RecruitmentVendor – ServicesVendor – SoftwareVendor – TechnologyPlease indicate how you would like to receive your copy of The Markit MagazineElectronic copyPrint copySearch Markit.com×Featured productsInformationLoans PricingMark-to-market pricing on over 6,500 loan facilities on a daily basis.Securities FinanceView insight into stock lending activity, short selling and institutional fund flow.ProcessingMarkitSERVMarkitSERV provides end-to-end, multi-asset trade processing services for trade confirmation, allocations, regulatory reporting and clearing.SolutionsMarkit EDMOur platform empowers business users who understand data to manage data.Markit on DemandMarkit On Demand is dedicated to the delivery and presentation of financial data, transforming complex information into elegant user experiences.Top 10 search terms:CDS, PMI, iTraxx, CMBX, Lance, CDX, ISDA Amend, ABX, IOS, iBoxxGet in touch with MarkitFirst nameLast nameEmailPhoneCompanyJob titleIf you have any specific requirements, please provide them below. (optional)InformationmorePricing DataBonds30+currencies covered5regional updates per dayPricing DataBondsMarkit Pricing Data provides independent pricing, transparency and liquidity data on bonds, including
							European and US securitised products, corporate, sovereign and municipal bonds.Pricing DataCDS10.5k+curves1.9m+daily quotesPricing DataCDSMarkit Pricing Data offers live, snapped and end-of-day price updates for approximately 2,600 CDS entities
							and all the major credit indices, CDX and iTraxx.Pricing DataCommodities DataPricing DataCommodities DataMarkit provides forward curve, volatility and correlations data for the energy, metals and softs markets to support mark-to-market accounting.Pricing DataLoans260k+industry identifiers mapped49k+loan facilities reference dataPricing DataLoansMarkit Pricing Data provides independent bid-offer pricing and liquidity measures for more than 6,400
							leveraged loan facilities globally.Pricing DataEquity Volatility Data10years out for equity indices55 years out for single stocksPricing DataEquity Volatility DataMarkit Pricing Data provides an independent source of daily equity volatility information to help meet independent price verification requirements.Pricing DataSecurities Finance$15tnlendable inventory$2tnvalue on loanPricing DataSecurities FinanceOur securities finance offering helps customers manage securities lending programmes, optimise trading
							performance and enhance investment decisionmaking.Pricing DataFair Value40k+global stocks80k+global bondsPricing DataFair ValueMarkit Fair Value provides independent calculations of the best estimate of stock and bond prices outside of active trading hours.Pricing DataOTC Derivatives Data30+currency yield curves20+swaption volatility cubesPricing DataOTC Derivatives DataMarkit provides independent multi-sourced curve and volatility data for OTC interest rates to support risk management, trading, valuations and compliance.Reference DataRED for CDS13kreference entities6kreference obligationsReference DataRED for CDSRED for CDS provides verified credit derivatives reference data, including corporate actions, succession events and credit events.Reference DataABCDS100k+bonds published monthly70+monthly data pointsReference DataABCDSMarkit Reference Data provides an ABCDS reference cashflow database, which serves as a central
							monitoring and settlement platform for the ABCDS market.Reference DataBonds950kgovernment, sovereign, agency and corporate bonds3m+US municipal bondsReference DataBondsMarkit Reference Data delivers deep terms and conditions data and new issue information for
							global government, sovereign, agency, corporate and municipal bonds.Reference DataLoans$1.2tn+in leverage loans tracked196k+transactions processed in one dayReference DataLoansMarkit Reference Data provides referential information and loan activity processing data
							to serve downstream applications.Reference DataMaps950k+bonds50k+loansReference DataMapsMarkit Reference Data provides a mapping service to link a unique entity to its related
							loans, equity, bonds and CDS using identifiers such as RED codes, LXID, ISIN and other third-party IDs.IndicesPMI3k+macroeconomic indices20k+companies surveyedIndicesPMIThe Markit PMI series are monthly economic surveys of carefully selected companies compiled by Markit. They
							provide advance insight into the private sector economy.IndicesABX20subprime MBS2roll dates per yearIndicesABXThe Markit ABX index is a synthetic tradable index referencing a basket of 20 subprime mortgage-backed securities.IndicesCDX40%of total CDS notional in DTCC2roll dates per yearIndicesCDXMarkit CDX indices are a family of tradable CDS indices covering North America and emerging markets.IndicesCMBX25CMBS2roll dates per yearIndicesCMBXThe Markit CMBX index is a synthetic tradable index referencing a basket of 25 commercial
							mortgage-backed securities.IndicesLCDX100reference entities10+banks licensed as marketmakersIndicesLCDXMarkit LCDX consists of 100 reference entities, referencing first lien leveraged loans CDS.IndicesMCDX50equally-weighted reference entities2roll dates per yearIndicesMCDXThe Markit MCDX index is a credit index referencing municipal single name CDS.IndicesPRIMEX10+licensed marketmakers4sub indicesIndicesPRIMEXMarkit PRIMEX is a synthetic CDS index referencing a basket of prime mortgage-backed securities.IndicesTABX4sub-indices24distinct tranchesIndicesTABXThe Markit TABX.HE indices are tranched versions of the Markit ABX.HE, created by further dividing the principal balances of the Markit ABX.HE.BBB and Markit ABX.HE.BBB- indices.IndicesMBX, IOS & PO10+licensed marketmakers66sub indicesIndicesMBX, IOS & POThe Markit IOS and PO indices are synthetic total return swap index series referencing the interest
							and principal components of agency pools.IndicesiBoxx$90bnAUM in ETFs14k+indicesIndicesiBoxxMarkit iBoxx cash bond indices are designed to replicate investible investment grade and high yield fixed
							income markets.IndicesiTraxx40%of total notional in DTCC CDS trade repository35+licensed marketmakers for our credit indicesIndicesiTraxxMarkit iTraxx indices are a family of European and Asian tradable CDS indices.IndicesIndex Management100+index providers40k+available indicesIndicesIndex ManagementThe Markit Index Management service collates and provides official data on equity indices in a single feed.IndicesIndex Services15,000+daily index calculations50,000+global index compositionsIndicesIndex ServicesMarkit offers services that leverage our index expertise and capabilities to address the expanding requirements of the index market.IndicesHalifax House Price Index122indices30+years of data historyIndicesHalifax House Price IndexIndicesiRxx15EM countries covered2roll dates per yearIndicesiRxxMarkit iRxx indices are a family of tradable interest rate derivative indices.Trading ServicesHub250k+financial professionals in searchable directory30+content providersTrading ServicesHubHub provides a centralised interface for managing sellside and independent research, industry content, 
							economic research, company fundamentals and filings.Trading ServicesInteractions200+providers sending meeting data10+meeting types capturedTrading ServicesInteractionsMarkit's Interactions platform aggregates historical events from sellside firms, enabling users to track meeting
							attendance and assess the quality of corporate access from providers.Trading ServicesEvaluation70%reduction in admin- istrative support requirements85%increase in response rateTrading ServicesEvaluationMarkit's Evaluation platform delivers a robust, highly configurable platform and user-friendly interface for buyside firms
							to evaluate sellside services.Trading ServicesPayments2k+research providers and vendors44reference fields per tradeTrading ServicesPaymentsMarkit's Payments platform provides effective control of research commissions for all trading partners on
							a single platform by virtually aggregating commission credits.Trading ServicesResearch Signals260+global factors380+US factorsTrading ServicesResearch SignalsIHS Markit Research Signals delivers valuable investment insights through a comprehensive library of global stock
							selection and strategy signals.Trading ServicesBestEx141+public SEC Rule 605 reports for comparative analysis26k+NMS and non-NMS stocks availableTrading ServicesBestExIHS Markit offers best execution reporting, compliance solutions and trading analytics to monitor and enhance execution quality while fulfilling best execution obligations in compliance with SEC reporting requirementsTrading ServicesTransaction Cost Analysis85countries covered175+exchangesTrading ServicesTransaction Cost AnalysisMarkit Transaction Cost Analysis is an independent global analysis platform that combines execution,
							algorithmic, venue and smart order router evaluation analytics.  Trading ServicesMSA€60bn+daily cash equity trading activity€2.5bn+daily ETF trading activityTrading ServicesMSAMarkit MSA is a broker ranking service for the EMEA cash equity and ETF markets that tracks trading activity down to specific instruments regardless of execution venue.Index & ETF Data ManagementExchange Traded Products5.2k+ETPs globally3.3k+indices trackedIndex & ETF Data ManagementExchange Traded ProductsOur product suite aggregates and generates crucial information, including issuer and fund details, daily portfolio composition, dividend forecast and analytical datasets.Index & ETF Data ManagementSOLA250+Data Points7+Delivery OptionsIndex & ETF Data ManagementSOLAMarkit’s SOLA managed data service allows clients to standardise all their complex index and ETF management requirements through a single managed and customizable data serviceIndex & ETF Data ManagementNOVAIndex & ETF Data ManagementNOVAMarkit’s NOVA platform provides the family breakdown and roll-up of indices by family structure which helps customers to fully understand the complex inter-relationships between indices and their related family/licensing structureValuation ServicesPortfolio Valuations4.7m+independent valuations per month300kunique OTC and cash positions valuedValuation ServicesPortfolio ValuationsMarkit Portfolio Valuations is a hosted service providing valuations and risk metrics for exchange-traded,
							OTC cleared and bilateral derivatives, private equity and cash instruments.Valuation ServicesPrivate Equity Services120+customers13,000+valuations annuallyValuation ServicesPrivate Equity ServicesOur Private Equity service provides independent valuation solutions to investors in private companies.Valuation ServicesTotem100+indices with maturities out to 30 years125+currency pairs for maturities out to 30 yearsValuation ServicesTotemMarkit Totem is a comprehensive service providing consensus market prices to major OTC derivative marketmakers.Valuation ServicesValuations Manager3m+valuation marks for secure search and retrieval170k+OTC and cash bond counterparty valuations dailyValuation ServicesValuations ManagerMarkit Valuations Manager provides aggregated multi-bank counterparty position and valuations data in a timely
							and consistent format.OTC ServicesAuctions130+auctions administered solely or jointly by Markit since 200510+environmental auctions in 2013OTC ServicesAuctionsThe Markit Auctions platform provides comprehensive auction and auction management services across asset classes.OTC ServicesMetricsOTC ServicesMetricsMarkit provides a tool to help firms in the derivatives industry report key operational statistics.OTC ServicesParsing1.3m+messages parsed daily12m+prices parsed dailyOTC ServicesParsingMarkit Parsing offers a dynamic, secure, real-time parsing service that quickly and accurately extracts
							OTC pricing content from messages.OTC ServicesRegistry24environmental standards and programmes listed150m+environmental market assets listedOTC ServicesRegistryThe Markit Registry allows accountholders to manage all their global carbon, water and biodiversity credits in a centralised, financial markets-based registry system.Data DeliveryCompression$8.6tbof gross notional reduction1.2m+trade reductionsData DeliveryCompressionMarkit and Creditex provide a joint service to help reduce operational risk and capital requirements on single name credit default swaps, while preserving net position and market risk for each reference entity.Data DeliveryDesktop62m+unique listings19m+instrumentsData DeliveryDesktopMarkit Desktop delivers visibility across a broad range of fixed income asset classes, providing a dashboard of
							realtime market activity.Research ServicesDividend Forecasting7k+securities globally300+depository receipts and ETPsResearch ServicesDividend ForecastingMarkit Dividend Forecasting offers independent estimates for the amount and timing of individual dividend payments for global securities.ProcessingmoreMarkitSERV80k+OTC derivatives processing actions per day1.5k+network of active customers, including dealers, buyside and execution venuesMarkitSERVMarkitSERV provides end-to-end, multi-asset trade processing services for trade
							confirmation, allocations, regulatory reporting and clearing.DealHub16global banks process FX flow via DealHub150+connections to FX venues, counterparties and systemsDealHubDealHub provides trading services, connectivity and processing solutions to global FX marketsLoan Solutions2.75m+loan transfers settled$266bn+. in AUMLoan SolutionsMarkit delivers a comprehensive set of solutions for participants in the syndicated loan marketCommodity Tracker167physical commodity warehouses integrated to date7base metals coveredCommodity TrackerEnabling clients to digitize and seamlessly manage the documentation flow associated with physical commodity assets, permitting near real-time traceability and inventory transparencyLoan Settlement2.75m+loan transfers settled60+electronically integrated institutionsLoan SettlementMarkit Loan settlement provides loan trade processing for the US and European syndicated loan market.SolutionsmoreRisk Analytics400+pricing models for OTC and exchange-traded products10k+counterpartiesRisk AnalyticsMarkit Analytics delivers a suite of integrated, scalable and efficient solutions for enterprise-wide risk
							management across a broad range of asset classes.Markit Enterprise Data Management (EDM)200+clients globally40+managed services clientsMarkit Enterprise Data Management (EDM)Markit EDM is a data management platform that acquires, validates and distributes trade, operational, risk, finance and customer data.Counterparty Manager78k+funds5k+buyside subscribersCounterparty ManagerMarkit Counterparty Manager is a secure platform for trading counterparties to manage and share documentation
							in order to meet regulatory requirements.KYC.com80kentities already represented900+buy side clientsKYC.comKYC.com provides a standardised, end-to-end managed service that centralises KYC data and process management for banks and provides the buy side a single solution for distributing KYC data.KY3P™ (Know Your Third Party)Third party risk managementCloud based data hubKY3P™ (Know Your Third Party)Markit KY3P is a data hub for centralising data on vendors and service providers to help firms manage third party risk, including due diligence and ongoing monitoring.Markit | CTI Tax Solutions70+years of combined subject matter expertise with 1441/FATCAMarkit | CTI Tax SolutionsMarkit | CTI Tax Solutions helps financial institutions and multi-national corporations comply with tax rules and cross border payments.Markit | Information MosaicServicing global marketsEnterprise solutionsMarkit | Information MosaicA leading provider of post trade securities processing solutions and corporate actions.Markit Prime Services14mcash trades/day2.5mswap trades/dayMarkit Prime ServicesMarkit Prime Services provides a suite of hosted global prime finance softwareMarkit Digital3.4m+quotes served per minute2.3bnwebpage views served weeklyMarkit DigitalMarkit Digital is dedicated to the delivery and presentation of financial data, transforming complex
							information into elegant user experiences.thinkFolioPortfolio modelling TradingCash management CompliancethinkFolioMarkit thinkFolio is a single multi asset order management and portfolio modelling system. The highly flexible solution supports fixed income, loans, equities, cash, foreign exchange and their derivatives.WSO Software160+standard accounting and portfolio analysis reports100+transaction types mappedWSO SoftwareMarkit WSO Software manages a large number of assets and portfolios by providing asset-specific
							functionality and ensuring data processing is streamlined.WSO Services$266bnin AUM4.3k+global loans trackedWSO ServicesMarkit WSO Services provides outsourced access to our best-in-class products and services for middle
							and back office operations.Corporate Actions3mcross-asset securities160+countries and territories coveredCorporate ActionsMarkit Corporate Actions provides a centralised source of validated corporate action data for global
							equities, fixed income and structured securities.

	Our Corporate Timelines





























































CONTACT US 
ACCESSIBILITY 
CHANGE REGION 

Search   


Follow @MDLZ












Text Contrast 
T 
T 


Text Size 
A 
A 
A 









Viewing Mondelēz International 









Global



 Mondelēz International 
 Careers 








Asia, Middle East and Africa



 AMEA Region 
 Australia/New Zealand 
 China

中国


 India 
 Japan

日本



Malaysia 
 Nigeria

Philippines 
 South Africa

Thailand 

Vietnam
Tiếng Việt









Europe



 Europe

English


 Russia

Россия


 Turkey

Türkiye


 Ukraine

Украïна









Latin America



 Argentina 
 Brazil

Brasil


 Mexico 
 Puerto Rico 







North America



 Canada

English
French


 United States







Other Sites



Foodservice 
Snackworks 
Collaborate with Mondelēz International
Supplier Portal 
Nutrition Science Corner 
Supplier Diversity





























  

About Us 
Brand Family 
Well-Being 
Investors 
Newsroom 
Careers 













Home

>

About Us

>

                    
                    Our Corporate Timelines
                

 






About Us




Our Growth Strategy




Our Management Team




Our Corporate Timelines




Our Founders




Compliance and Integrity










Our Corporate Timelines









Explore the rich history of our iconic brands and legacy companies that helped make Mondelēz International who we are today.












Adams






1927 - American Chicle Company opens a factory in Mexico City. Factories now are operating in Long Island City, San Francisco, Toronto and Mexico City.


1933 - A revolutionary gum wrapper is developed that seals all the original factory freshness inside an airtight foil wrapper.


1941 - American Chicle Company manufacturing plants are now operating in Argentina and Venezuela.


1956 - Production begins at the company’s new Rockford, Illinois plant in October.


1962 - Warner-Lambert acquires American Chicle Company and re-names it American Chicle Group. American Chicle introduces Trident Original flavor gum. Launched in 1960 as a sugar gum, it is now a high quality sugarless gum.


1964 - Warner Lambert, through its British affiliate, purchases Hall Bros (Whitefield) Ltd., of Manchester, England. Hall Bros. (formed in 1893) is a manufacturer of medicated sweets and other sugar confectionery.


1972 - Several of the Adams gum brands convert to new 8-stick, 10-cent packs. 


1974 - The suggested retail price of Dentyne, Trident, Chiclets and other Adams brand gums is now 15 cents per package. 


1981 - The Long Island City factory closes.


1983 - A new chewing gum plant opens in Egypt to supply that Middle East country.


1988 - Bubbaloo gum is introduced in Central America, Spain and Puerto Rico. It launches in the U.S. the following year.


1989 - Warner-Lambert gum and mint sales top $1Billion for the first time.


1992 - Nearly 60% of Warner-Lambert’s confectionery sales now occur outside the U.S.


1994 - In June, Warner-Lambert acquires Saila S.p.A., a privately held confectionery company based in Italy. 


1995 - In April Warner-Lambert acquires Adams S.A., a privately held manufacture of confectionery products in Argentina.


1997 - Warner-Lambert changes the name of its gum and confectionery unit from American Chicle Group to Adams.


2000 - Pfizer Inc. acquires Warner-Lambert Company, including its Adams confectionery division and its gum brands.


2003 - In March, Cadbury Schweppes completes its acquisition of Pfizer Inc.’s Adams confectionery business.  It is renamed Cadbury Adams. 


2005 - To kick-off the 135th birthday of modern chewing gum, Cadbury Adams USA re-releases three of its nostalgia brands: Beeman’s, Black Jack and, for the first time in a generation, Adams Sour gum.


2006 - Cadbury Adams introduces a new gum brand. Stride, “the ridiculously long lasting gum,” is introduced it the U.S.


2008 - Specific varieties of Trident, Dentyne Ice and Stride sugar-free chewing gum are granted the American Dental Association (ADA) Seal of Acceptance in recognition of the gums’ ability to help prevent cavities by strengthening teeth and reducing plaque acids.


2010 - Kraft Foods Inc. acquires Cadbury plc on February 2, including the Cadbury Adams gum business.

















Cadbury






1824 - At 22 years of age John Cadbury opens his first grocer’s shop next door to his father’s drapery and silk business at 93 Bull Street, a fashionable part of Birmingham, England.  John Cadbury sells hops, mustard and a new sideline – cocoa and drinking chocolate made with cocoa beans imported from South and Central America and the West Indies.


1831 - With growing sales of cocoa and drinking chocolate, Cadbury decides to produce hem on a larger scale.  He rents an old warehouse in Crooked Lane, Birmingham to use as a factory.


1842 - Cadbury is now selling 16 kinds of drinking chocolate and 11 kinds of cocoa.

1847 - Cadbury rents a larger factory in the centre of Birmingham in Bridge Street.  His brother Benjamin Cadbury joins him and the business becomes Cadbury Brothers of Birmingham.


1853 - Cadbury Brothers open a sales office in London.


1854 - Cadbury Brothers receive their first Royal Warrant on 4 February as “manufacturers of cocoa and chocolate to Queen Victoria.”


1856 - A more established chocolate company, Fry, proves to be tough competition for Cadbury Brothers.   Business declines and the partnership dissolves.  John Cadbury takes over sole ownership of the struggling firm.


1861 - John Cadbury is in poor health and hands the reigns of the business to his sons Richard and George Cadbury.  The young men are just 25 and 21 years old respectively.   They struggle to keep the business and work hard at promoting their goods to the trade.  Their dedication, in addition to innovative new products and quality improvements, help the business survive and prosper.


1866 - The turning point for the young Cadbury brothers is a new processing technique and the resulting product: Cadbury Cocoa Essence.  The new cocoa press, purchased from a Dutch manufacturer, squeezes out much of the cocoa butter from the beans so it is no longer necessary to put starches in the cocoa.  The Cadbury brothers are the first British chocolate manufacturer to use this new process.  The marketing of Cadbury Cocoa Essence as “Absolutely Pure, Therefore Best” helped sales increase dramatically.


1879 - Now employing 200 people, Richard and George Cadbury need a bigger factory.  Instead of looking at another city location they chose a greenfield site four miles from the centre of Birmingham on what would be called Bournville Lane. There are practical business reasons why this site is appealing: canal and rail links, roads and water supply.  Also, the workers can live in far better conditions than in the crowded slums of Birmingham.  Production begins on this “factory in a garden” in September.


1897 - Using left over cocoa butter from its drink powder, Cadbury produces its first milk chocolate bar for eating.  However, the bar is dry and not sweet enough to be successful.


1899 - Richard Cadbury dies and the business becomes a private limited company:  Cadbury Brothers Limited.  George Cadbury becomes chairman of the new board.  By this time the Bournville factory has more than 2,600 employees.


1919 - For many years Cadbury has had close links with U.K. chocolate maker J.S. Fry and Sons Limited.  The two companies sign an agreement to create a new holding company, the British Cocoa and Chocolate Company, which takes over the assets of both businesses.   The company is still referred to by most as “Cadbury.”   A new site is found for Fry’s outside of Bristol at Keynsham.  It is named Somerdale.


1921 - Cadbury becomes an international company when its first overseas factory opens in Tasmania. Other factories soon follow in Canada, Dublin and South Africa.


1939 - The second World War begins.  During the war, rationing is enforced and raw materials are in short supply.  The company produces Ration Chocolate made with dried skimmed milk powder.


1949 - Cadbury opens a factory in India.


1953 - Wartime rationing comes to an end in the United Kingdom and full supplies of sugar and full cream milk are again available.  During the 1950’s Cadbury expands its product range, undertakes a lot of promotional work and manages to fend off competitors by keeping its direct distribution system.


1955 - Cadbury launches its first television advertising on 22 September with an ad for drinking chocolate.


1964 - Cadbury acquires the London-based confections business of James Pascall, maker of chocolate éclairs.


1967 - The holding company British Cocoa and Chocolate Company changes its name to Cadbury Group Ltd.


1969 - Cadbury Group Ltd. merges with Schweppes Ltd. to create Cadbury Schweppes plc.


1970s - The Cadbury chocolate business experiences a decade of unprecedented sales growth, partially due to hugely successful and memorable television advertising campaigns.


1980 - Dominic Cadbury becomes managing director of the UK Confectionery Division and institutes the biggest revolution of Cadbury’s UK factories since the rebuilding of Bournville in the 1920s.  The number of production lines decreases from 78 to 33 in a £110 million investment which replaces aging equipment with state-of-the-art production technology.


1988 - Cadbury Schweppes acquires Chocolat Poulain, maker of the number 3 chocolate brand in France at that time.  This is the first major acquisition in Cadbury’s new strategy of growth through acquisition.


1989 - Cadbury Schweppes acquires both Trebor Group Ltd – maker of Trebor and Maynards sugar confections – and Bassett Foods plc – the maker of Bassetts licorice.


1990 - Trebor and Bassett merge to form Trebor Bassett Ltd.


1995 - Cadbury Schweppes acquires Allan Candy, including the Sour Patch trademark in Canada.


1997 - Cadbury Schweppes acquires Jaret International, including the Sour Patch trademark, in the U.S.


2000 - Cadbury Schweppes acquires Hollywood, a leading French chewing gum brand.


2002 - Cadbury Schweppes acquires Dandy A.S. of Denmark, including Stimorol, Dirol and V6 gum brands.


2003 - Cadbury becomes the world’s number one confectionery company ( and number 2 in chewing gum) with the acquisition in March of U.S.-based Adams chewing gum business. This includes Halls, Dentyne, Trident brands and the Bubbas bubble gum range.


2005 - Cadbury Schweppes acquires U.K. premium organic chocolate brand Green & Black’s.


2008 - Cadbury and Schweppes de-merge effective 7 May, separating the confections and beverages businesses into two companies.  The confections business is called Cadbury plc.


2010 - On February 2, Cadbury plc is acquired by U.S. based Kraft Foods Inc. in a £11.5 billion deal.

















Christie






1849 - A partnership is formed in Toronto, Ontario, Canada by Messrs. James Mathers and Alexander Brown.  William Christie is an assistant traveling salesman for the enterprise. Offices are on Yonge Street.


1850 - James Mathers retires.


1853 - Alexander Brown retires and leaves the business in the hands of William Christie.*


1860s - Peek Freans biscuits are imported into Canada by Peak Frean & Co. Ltd (United Kingdom).


1861 - Alexander Brown returns in partnership with William Christie and the name Christie, Brown & Co. is adopted.


1871 - The business moves its offices to Francis Street in Toronto.


1874 - The business moves again to a building on Frederick and Duke Streets.


1878 - Alexander Brown again retires and William Christie continues doing business under the name of Christie, Brown & Co.


1899 - A joint stock company is formed under an Ontario charter on June 1 and William Christie is made the first president of Christie, Brown and Company, Limited.


1900 - William Christie dies in June.  His son Robert Jaffray (R.J.) Christie assumes the presidency.


1905 - David biscuits are introduced in Quebec by Arsene and Raymond David.


1925 - Christie, Brown and Company, Limited is incorporated under a Dominion charter.


1926 - R.J. Christie dies.  Charles Edmonds becomes president.


1928 - U.S. based National Biscuit Company acquires Christie, Brown and Company, Limited.  Many popular U.S. NBC cookie and cracker products are soon marketed in Canada under the Christie trademark.


1929 - Dad's cookies are introduced in Ontario and Quebec.


1945 - Dad’s Cookies Ltd. (maker of Dad's cookies) is incorporated.


1948 - Peek Frean (Canada) Ltd. is incorporated.


1949 - Production of Peek Freans biscuits begins in Canada when Peek Frean (Canada) Ltd. opens a bakery in East York, Ontario (Toronto). The East York bakery is located at 5 Bermondsey Road.


1950 - A new biscuit bakery officially opens at Etobicoke, Ontario (Toronto), now known as Lakeshore bakery.


1953 - Christie, Brown and Company, Limited celebrates its 100th anniversary.


1957 - David Biscuits Ltd. is incorporated (maker of David cookies and confections).


1961 - Christie, Brown & Co. begins baking Girl Guide cookies for Girl Guides of Canada organization.


1968 - Dad’s Industries Ltd. is incorporated, with Dad’s Cookies Ltd. as a subsidiary.


1972 - Peek Frean (Canada) Ltd. changes its name to Associated Biscuits of Canada Ltd. Associated Biscuits of Canada Ltd. acquires David Biscuits Ltd., maker of David cookies and confections. Dad’s Industries Ltd. acquires partial ownership of E. Harnois Ltd., maker of Harnois cookies. Dad’s Industries acquires full ownership in 1973.


1978 - Associated Biscuits of Canada Ltd. acquires Dad’s Industries Ltd. and its subsidiary Dad’s Cookies Ltd., maker of Dad's cookies.


1982 - Nabisco, Inc., parent of Christie, Brown and Company, Limited and Standard Brands Inc., parent of Standard Brands Limited, merge to become Nabisco Brands, Inc.  The Canadian subsidiaries become Nabisco Brands Canada Ltd. on December 31.  Christie, Brown and Company, Limited ceases to exist as an organizational entity but the familiar Christie triangle trademark remains on Nabisco’s cookies and crackers in Canada.


1983 - In January, Nabisco Brands Canada Ltd. acquires Associated Biscuits of Canada Ltd., maker of Dad's, David, Harnois, and Peek Freans brands of cookies and crackers. 



*Sources vary significantly regarding the events between 1849 – when the original partnership is formed – and 1861 when the name Christie, Brown & Co. is adopted. However, since the early 20th century the “origin” of the company is referred to as 1853 (probably when William Christie took sole control of the business), rather than 1861 when the name Christie, Brown & Co. was first adopted.














Kraft






1903 - James Lewis (J.L.) Kraft rents a horse and wagon, purchases wholesale cheese and begins selling it to small stores in Chicago, Illinois.


1909 - J.L. Kraft & Bros. Company is incorporated, with four of J.L. Kraft’s brothers – Charles, Fred, Norman and John - involved in the business.


1910 - Business increases 125% over the preceding year.


1914 - J.L. Kraft and his brothers decide to manufacture and sell their own cheese products so the company buys its first cheese plant – in Stockton, Illinois.  This move eventually makes Kraft a household name throughout the world.


1915 - J.L. Kraft & Bros. Co. begins producing process cheese in 3-1/2 ounce and 7-3/4 ounce tins.


1916 - J.L. Kraft receives a U.S. patent for his method of producing process cheese in tins.


1921 - J.L. Kraft & Bros. Co. headquarters is now located at 400 Rush Street in Chicago, Illinois.


1924 - J.L. Kraft’s sales operation shows its first signs of global expansion when Kraft establishes a sales office in London.
J.L. Kraft & Bros. Co. changes its name to Kraft Cheese Company.  J.L. takes his company public and the first shares are traded on the Chicago Stock Exchange.


1926 - Net sales top $36 million.


1928 - Kraft Cheese Company merges with Phenix Cheese Corporation (established in 1880) of Chicago, Illinois, maker of Philadelphia cream cheese.  The company name changes to Kraft-Phenix Cheese Corporation.


1930 - National Dairy Products Corporation (NDPC), with headquarters in New York City, acquires Kraft-Phenix Cheese Corporation in May.


1938 - The headquarters of Kraft-Phenix Cheese Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NDPC, move to 500 Peshtigo Court in Chicago.  The newly constructed building near the lakefront houses both manufacturing and head office facilities.


1940 - Kraft-Phenix Cheese Corporation, a subsidiary of NDPC, changes its name to Kraft Cheese Company.


1945 - Kraft Cheese Company, a subsidiary of NDPC, changes its name to Kraft Foods Company, a subsidiary of NDPC, to reflect its diversified food product lines.


1951 - National Dairy Products Corporation sales, which include Kraft dressings, dinner and cheeses, top the $1 billion mark.


1953 - Now more than 200 consumer products carry the Kraft name.  The company operates in 43 U.S. states and the District of Columbia, 8 Canadian provinces and 3 foreign countries (Australia, England and Germany).
J.L. Kraft dies.


1957 - After nearly 30 years as a wholly-owned subsidiary of NDPC, Kraft Foods Company officially becomes the Kraft Foods Division of NDPC in June.


1963 - Kraft establishes a presence in Central America by opening a production facility in Panama.


1969 - National Dairy Products Corporation changes its name to Kraftco Corporation to reflect that the company markets more than dairy products and is international in scope.
Sales reach over $2.5 billion.


1972 - Kraftco Corporation headquarters move from New York City to Glenview, Illinois, a northern Chicago suburb.


1976 - Kraftco Corporation becomes Kraft, Inc. in October.  The former holding company with semi-autonomous divisions is reorganized into an operating company with groups focused on specific markets.


1980 - Kraft, Inc. establishes the company’s first European headquarters in Eschborn, Germany.

Kraft, Inc. merges with Dart Industries Inc. (established in 1902 as United Drug Company) of Los Angeles, California, to form Dart & Kraft, Inc.  Besides Kraft products, the company includes Duracell, Tupperware, Hobart, West Bend and Wilsonart.

The company vacates its 500 Peshtigo Court building in December 1980 when it consolidated corporate and group facilities at its headquarters in Glenview, Illinois.  Remaining Kraft employees move from the Peshtigo Court to Glenview in the early 1980s.


1985 - Kraft acquires Invernizzi S.p.A. of Melzo, Italy, the largest cheese company in that country.


1986 - Dart & Kraft, Inc. spins off to shareholders most of the company’s non-food businesses and changes its name to Kraft, Inc.  The new Kraft, Inc. includes Kraft food and Duracell battery businesses.


1988 - The Duracell batteries business is sold to Duracell Holdings Corporation, an affiliate of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., and Kraft returns to being “all food” for the first time in more than 30 years. 

Kraft, Inc. becomes a part of Philip Morris Companies Inc., effective December 7, creating the world’s largest consumer products company. Kraft is no longer a publicly traded company. 


1989 - Effective in March, Philip Morris Companies Inc. combines Kraft, Inc. and General Foods Corporation (which Philip Morris acquired in 1985) to form Kraft General Foods, Inc. (KGF), the largest food company in the United States and Canada, and the second largest in the world.


1990 - Construction begins on a new headquarters campus for KGF in Northfield, Illinois, with occupancy in the summer of 1992.

KGF International acquires Jacobs Suchard, making the company number one in European roast and ground coffee and a leader in chocolate confectionery.  This acquisition also initiates a Kraft presence in Argentina.


1992 - KGF International buys an Italian coffee business that includes the Splendid and Caramba brands.


1993 - KGF International purchases Freia Marabou, Scandinavia’s premier confectioner, and Terry’s of York, a major United Kingdom confectioner. 

KGF Europe and Jacobs Suchard are combined to form Kraft Jacobs Suchard, a unit of KGF International.
Moving swiftly into the newly opened Central and Eastern European market, KGF International acquires five local confectionery companies in that region: Csemege in Hungary, Figaro in Slovakia, Kaunas in Lithuania, Olza in Poland, and Republika in Bulgaria.


1994 - KGF International buys Ukraina, a leading confectionery brand in Ukraine, building its business in Eastern Europe.


1995 - In January, Kraft General Foods reorganizes into one operating company and changes its name to Kraft Foods, Inc. Kraft Foods North America is reorganized into 12 business divisions.  Kraft Foods International is reorganized into four regional units.


1996 - In September, Kraft Foods launches Kraft Interactive Kitchen (now kraftfoods.com), an internet site for consumers devoted to good food and good food ideas.
The company’s presence in South America is strengthened with the purchase of Lacta, the leading confectionery brand in Brazil.


1999 - Kraft acquires Mova, a snacks business in Ukraine.


2001 - Kraft Foods International strengthens its coffee business in Central and Eastern Europe and North Africa through the acquisition of several coffee brands in Bulgaria, Romania, and Morocco.
Philip Morris Companies Inc. makes an initial public offering (IPO) for Kraft Foods Inc. Class A common stock in the second largest IPO in U.S. history.  After the IPO, Philip Morris Companies Inc. continues to own 83.9% of the outstanding shares of Kraft’s capital stock.
On June 13, Kraft Foods Inc. stock begins trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “KFT.”
Kraft Foods Inc. now has two operating groups – Kraft Foods North America and Kraft Foods International – and two Chief Executive Officers.


2002 - Kraft Foods begins a major expansion of its worldwide headquarters in Northfield, Illinois.
The company buys a major Australian biscuit company, Lanes Food Group, and in doing so gains control of the Nabisco brands licensed to Lanes since 1991.
Kraft Foods acquires the Russian and Polish confectionery businesses of Germany-based Stollwerck AG.
Kraft Foods Inc. releases its first annual report and holds its first annual stockholders meeting.
Kraft Foods purchases Turkish snacks company Kar Gida, which adds well-known potato chips brands such as Cipso, Pekos, Patos, Critos and Cerezos to the company’s portfolio.


2003 - Kraft Foods announces a partnership with Rainforest Alliance, a recognized international conservation leader, to support the development of sustainable coffee production in Mexico, Colombia, Brazil and Central America.
In July, Kraft Foods announces global initiatives to help address worldwide rising obesity rates.  These commitments supplement a variety of actions the company is taking to focus on four key areas:  product nutrition, marketing practices, consumer information, and public advocacy and dialogue.
Kraft Foods North America acquires the Back to Nature cereal and granola businesses from Organic Milling, Inc. a privately held manufacturer of natural products, in September.
Kraft Foods International acquires Family Nutrition Company S.A.E., a leading producer of biscuits and snack cakes, in Egypt.
Philip Morris Companies Inc., parent company of Kraft Foods Inc., changes its name to Altria Group, Inc.
In December, Kraft Foods departs from a dual Chief Executive Officer structure, and unifies the company under one global leadership team and a single Chief Executive Officer.


2004 - In January, Kraft Foods Inc. announces a new global “One Company” organizational structure comprised of three entities:  global marketing and category development group, geographic-based commercial units, and corporate functions.


2005 - Kraft Foods International expands into Croatia and Slovenia, bringing to 70 the total number of countries where the company now has operations.
Kraft Foods International’s Latin America region now has its own R&D facility where new products and packaging can be developed and tested – the Kraft Research and Development Center opens in January in Curitiba, Brazil.
Kraft Foods Inc. joins the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the U.S. and North America.  The indexes track “the financial performance of the leading sustainability-driven companies worldwide.”


2006 - Kraft announces plans to build a coffee processing plant near St. Petersburg, Russia.  Jacobs, Carte Noire and Maxim soluble coffee brands will be produced at the new facility beginning in the fall of 2007.
On June 26, 2006, the Board of Directors of Kraft Foods Inc. announces the appointment of Irene Rosenfeld as Chief Executive Officer.
Kraft announces it will build a plant in Bahrain in September 2006. The factory will produce Kraft cheese in cans and jars, and Tang powdered beverages.  The products will be exported to the entire Middle East region.


2007 - Kraft Foods Inc. becomes a fully independent company on March 30 following its spin-off from Altria Group, Inc.  Shares of Kraft Foods Inc. begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange on April 2.
Kraft Foods Inc. acquires France-based Group Danone’s global biscuit business in November.  It includes market-leading brands such as LU, TUC and Prince, and operations in more than 20 countries, including 32 manufacturing facilities.  Kraft Foods is now the world’s leading biscuit company.


2008 - Kraft Foods Inc. (KFT) replaces American International Group Inc. (AIG) in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, effective with the opening of trading on September 22. 
Kraft Foods is named “Most Innovative Company” by Consumer Goods Technology.  This award recognizes the consumer goods company that continually delivered growth through new product and process innovation in 2007/2008.


2009 - The company’s World Travel Retail division becomes a separate limited liability company effective April 20.  This change is part of a re-organization of the company’s structure in Europe.


2010 - On February 2 Kraft Foods acquires U.K.-based Cadbury plc for $18.5 billion The combination of Kraft Foods and Cadbury creates a global powerhouse in snacks, confectionery and quick meals.  Integration of the two companies begins immediately. 


2011 - Kraft Foods celebrates the opening of the new factory in Trostyanets, Sumy region, Ukraine in November.  The factory will produce TUC, Oreo and Barni biscuits for the Ukraine market, as well as for Russia and countries in Eastern Europe and Central Asia.
On August 4, Kraft Foods announces it intents to “split” and create two independent, publically traded companies.


2012 - On October 1 the split becomes effective, creating two separate companies:  Mondelēz International, Inc., the global snacks company, and Kraft Foods Group, Inc., the North American grocery products company.

















LU






1846 - Jean-Romain Lefèvre opens a bakery at number 5 rue Boileau in Nantes, France. His products are an immediate success with the local citizens.


1850 - Jean-Romain marries Pauline-Isabelle Utile who is from his home town of Meuse.


1854 - With financial assistance from the Utile family, the couple purchase the adjacent building, number 7 rue Boileau, where they build a beautiful retail store.


1880 - The factory employees 14 workers.


1882 - Lefèvre-Utile biscuits win a gold medal at the Nantes Exposition. Jean-Romain dies the following year and his wife Pauline-Isabelle takes over the management of the bakery with assistance from their son Louis.


1887 - Jean-Romain and Pauline-Isabelle’s son Louis takes over the family business and on 1 February establishes the Lefèvre-Utile Company with his brother-in-law Ernest Lefèvre. They had recently (about 1885) purchased an old mill near the Château du Ducs de Bretagne where they built a new biscuit factory employing the most modern baking techniques.


1900 - By the end of the 19th century, sales of LU biscuits extend throughout France and several foreign markets, and the LU factory now employees several hundred workers.
August Bluysen, noted architect, designs a LU tower at the Universal Exposition in Paris.  LU receives the only grand prize given to a French biscuit company.


1902 - Gustave Belin and his brothers start a small biscuit bakery in Bagnolet, France. Over the following decades the company grows and in the 1960’s becomes part of America’s National Biscuit Company (Nabisco).


1903 - Charles Heudebert invents twice-baked “continental toast,” soon to be called Heudebert biscotte muesli.


1909 - After the Paris Exposition in 1900, Louis Lefèvre-Utile appeals to Mr. Bluysen to erect two similar towers to frame the main entrance to the LU factory in Nantes. The towers are completed in 1909. They soon become part of the architectural identity of Nantes.


1913 - The LU factory now manufactures more than 6,000 tons per year, about 20 tons of biscuits per day and employs 1200 workers.


1914 - During World War I the LU bakery is requisitioned to make bread for the French soldiers.


1920s - The interwar period is a time of very little growth for the LU business even though Michel Lefèvre-Utile, Louis’ youngest son, invests like his father in advertising and modernizing production.


1939 - At the start of World War II the bakery is again requisitioned to make biscuits for school children and bread for war prisoners.  


1943 - The factory is damaged by the bombing of Nantes during World War II.


1950 - After the war, the modernization and expansion of the LU business accelerates. Michel Lefèvre-Utile’s son Patrick visits the United States to study production and management techniques of North American biscuit companies, including National Biscuit Company (later renamed Nabisco).


1951 - Patrick Lefèvre-Utile installs the factory’s first continuous production line, which begins by producing Petit-Beurre. 


1956 - Famous American (Paris born) industrial and graphic designer Raymond Loewy creates a new modern LU logo.


1958 - Mr. Parein, who owns a small biscuit factory in Belgium, travels to the United States to learn how to produce the salty biscuit called a “cracker.” When he returns to Belgium, the TUC cracker is born.  


1960s - The company’s family of products is reduced from over 200 to 60 and then reduced again to just 15. Those remaining 15 products include flagship brands Petit-Beurre and La Paille d’Or.


1968 - In response to growing competition from large American biscuit companies, six French companies (LU, Brun, Trois Chatons, Saint-Sauveur, Rem and Magdeleine) join to form LU-Brun et Associés Group (LU-Brun and Associates) with Patrick Lefèvre-Utile as president. This gives the LU business a more multi-national position.  


1975 - Céraliment (Heudebert, Pelletier, Biscottes de France and other companies) acquires one-third of the shares of LU-Brun et Associés Group.. This new entity includes 18 predecessor companies and is called Céraliment LU Brun (CLB) and is number 1 in the French biscuit market. .


1977 - Céraliment LU-Brun (CLB) takes control of the Belgian company GBCo (Général Biscuit, l’Alsacienne, De Beukelaer, Parein). 


1978 - Céraliment LU-Brun and GBCo create the new group Général Biscuit France (GBF), becoming the third largest player in the global biscuit industry behind Nabisco, Inc. based in the United States and United Biscuits based in the United Kingdom.


1986 - The group BSN (Boussois-Souchon-Neuvesel) acquires Général Biscuit France (GBF). This generates further expansion of production, new brands and more international markets.
Between 1986 and 1989 a new modern factory is built in La Haye-Fouassière. All biscuit production is transferred from the old factory in Nantes and those buildings are closed and sold.


1994 - BSN changes its name to Danone Group. 


1990s - Because of its architectural significance, the former LU factory in Nantes is rehabilitated and used by the City of Nantes for the Nantes Research Center and cultural offices. The site is renamed “Unique Place.” 


2007 - Kraft Foods acquires the Danone Group biscuit business including the LU family of brands, 36 plants and operations in 20 countries.

















Nabisco






1792 - John Pearson establishes America’s first commercial bakery in Newburyport, Massachusetts to make ‘pilot bread’ – a tough and durable biscuit to sustain sailors on long voyages.


1801 - In his Milton, Massachusetts bakery Captain Josiah Bent introduces a new type of biscuit.  They are the first to be called “crackers,” probably because of the cracking sound they make when eaten.


1805 - Kennedy Biscuit Works is established in Arlington, Massachusetts by Artemas Kennedy.  The ‘Kennedy Commons’ biscuit – introduced in the 1850’s – is the first cracker baked with sponge dough in a process that produces a lighter, fluffier product.


1889 - Late in the year attorney William Moore forms the New York Biscuit Company through the combination of the Bent & Company, Milton, Massachusetts; John Pearson & Son, Newburyport, Massachusetts; Wilson Baking Company, Philadelphia; Parks & Savage, Hartford, Connecticut; J.D. Mason & Company, Baltimore, Maryland; Burlington Bread Company, Burlington, Vermont; New Haven Baking Company, New Haven, Connecticut; and Treadwell & Harris, New York.  It is incorporated early in the year 1890 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.


1889-1890 - With the assistance of attorney Adolphus Green, the American Biscuit & Manufacturing Company is formed through the amalgamation of 40 Midwestern bakeries including Sommer-Richardson Baking Company, St. Joseph, Missouri; Aldridge Bakery and Bremner Bakery, Chicago; Carpenter & Underwood, Milwaukee; Dozier Baking Company, St. Louis; Langeles Bakery, New Orleans; and Loose Brothers, Kansas City.  Its headquarters is also in Chicago, Illinois.  David Bremner is president.
United States Baking Company—with bakeries in Ohio, Indiana, Michigan and Pennsylvania—is also organized with the assistance of Adolphus Green. Sylvester S. Marvin, prominent Philadelphia baker, is president.


1890 - In May, Kennedy Biscuit Works, the largest independent bakery in America, becomes part of the recently formed New York Biscuit Company.


1898 - National Biscuit Company (often referred to as N.B.C.) is incorporated in New Jersey on February 3, established through the merger of American Biscuit & Manufacturing Company, New York Biscuit Company and United States Baking Company.  Its headquarters is located in Chicago, Illinois.  Adolphus Green becomes president.
Uneeda biscuit is the first new product introduced by National Biscuit Company.  Its patented packaging features a cardboard carton and a waxed inner wrapper.  This package innovation called “in-er-seal” helps launch a food industry move from bulk containers and barrels to convenient self-serve packages.
1898 Sales:  $34,051,279.84 and 1898 Profits: $3,292,143.10 


1900 - The colophon symbol adapted from a 15th century printer’s mark and using the words “in-er-seal,” becomes National Biscuit Company’s new coat of arms (logo).
N.B.C.’s board of directors institutes an employee stock purchase plan.
The Uneeda Biscuit Boy, wearing a yellow slicker, makes his debut in advertising.


1901 - The Nabisco name is first used with the introduction of Nabisco sugar wafers. 


1903 - N.B.C.’s board approves a staggering $1,000,000 advertising budget for 1904.


1906 - N.B.C.’s general office headquarters moves from Chicago to New York City’s lower west side, at the site of the company’s large flagship bakery there.


1914 - The N.B.C. Magazine for employees begins publication. The title changes to Nabisco Magazine in 1941.
The company makes its first deliveries via motorized truck, although some deliveries continue to be made by horse and wagon.


1917 - During World War I National Biscuit Company produces 800,000 bread rations (similar to the old hardtack biscuits) per day to sustain the soldiers.


1918 - The acronym N.B.C. replaces the word “in-er-seal” in the circle of the company’s coat of arms (logo).


1923 - N.B.C. retires all of its horse-drawn delivery wagons. The company now uses electric trucks that run on batteries.
The word ‘Uneeda’, which has become one of the country’s best known brand names, is inserted under the colophon as part of the coat of arms (logo)


1928 - Shredded Wheat Company – manufacturer of Triscuit crackers and Shredded Wheat cereal – is acquired by National Biscuit Company.
Christie, Brown & Company Ltd. is acquired by National Biscuit Company, expanding N.B.C.’s biscuit operations into Canada.


1929 - The Fleischmann Company, the Royal Baking Powder Company and Chase and Sandborn merge to form Standard Brands Incorporated on June 28.


1930-33 - N.B.C. moves from using electric delivery vehicles to using gasoline powered vehicles.


1933 - N.B.C. has an exhibit at Chicago’s World’s Fair in the Food and Agriculture building.  A souvenir booklet is distributed to visitors.


1935 - The word ‘Uneeda’ is dropped from the colophon logo and the older form, with the letters N.B.C., is reintroduced.


1937 - The company sponsors the National Amateur Golf Championship, which is broadcast coast to coast on radio.


1940 - The company currently bakes over 500 varieties of cookies, crackers, bread and fruitcake.


1941 - National Biscuit Company adopts Nabisco as the family name to identify the company and all of its products although the actual corporate name does not change for 30 more years.  The word Nabisco replaces the N.B.C acronym inside the circle of the company coat of arms (logo).
As was done during World War I, National Biscuit Company manufactures biscuits designed specifically for use by the armed forces during World War II. 


1942 - The Home Economics Division opens Nabisco Test Kitchens, each complete with an electric or gas range, refrigerator, stainless steel sink and streamlined cabinets.
A new modern bakery, considered a radical departure from N.B.C.’s other bakeries, opens in Atlanta, Georgia.  It is one story high with overhead skylights instead of windows, and utilizes a new streamlined “straight-line” production process.  It is the model on which future bakeries are designed.
The company puts small toy trucks and wagons – replicas of those that were actually used – on the market for children.  They are built of wood and lithographed metal.  Each includes miniature packages of National Biscuit Company products.


1943 - The company receives the Army-Navy “E” Award for its war efforts in the production and distribution of biscuits.  During the war the company experiences extreme shortages of wheat, flour and shortening.  Raw materials are stretched to the limit and production schedules are carefully re-arranged to keep employees working. 


1945 - President George Coppers begins a 12-year modernization program.  His philosophy is “You have to spend money to make money.”  Among his accomplishments are the institution of employee benefits, modernization of many bakeries, and the building of the new Fair Lawn, New Jersey bakery in 1958.


1946 - The end of World War II allows the company to expand from North and South America to more global distribution, including the Persian Gulf and Africa.


1948 - Well-known radio personality Arthur Godfrey signs on as spokesperson for Nabisco.
Nabisco sponsors the popular half-hour “Cowboys and Indians” radio program called Straight Arrow. 


1950 - In December, National Biscuit Company purchases a controlling interest in Compania Nacional Anonima de Galletas y Pastas “La Favorita,” a biscuit company based in Caracas, Venezuela.


1951 - Nabisco sponsors its first television show – a day-time children’s program called Kukla, Fran and Ollie.


1952 - Larger self-serve supermarkets are replacing the corner grocery store and Nabisco needs a unified symbol to attract consumer’s attention.  A red triangle – designed by Raymond Loewy & Assoc. – retains a variation of the old colophon and is introduced on all Nabisco product packaging.  


1953 - National Biscuit Company acquires Fabricas Modernas, S.A. known in Mexico as “Famosa.” It has the most modern and well-equipped bakeries in Latin America and produces cookies, crackers and pasta products.


1954 - Nabisco sponsors its first evening television show, Halls of Ivy, on CBS.


1957 - On February 2nd the National Biscuit Company corporate offices move from the lower west side to a midtown skyscraper located on Park Avenue between 55th and 56th streets.


1958 - The head office acquires its first computer.
Actress, wife and mother Carol Reed becomes “Mrs. Nabisco” television spokesperson for Nabisco products.


1958 - Nabisco products are now selling – through representatives – in 82 countries outside the United States.


1960 - National Biscuit Company opens a sales and distribution branch in San Juan, Puerto Rico, the first such unit to be built outside the continental United States.
National Biscuit Company’s enters the Australian market with the acquisition of a group of companies jointly referred to as The Spry Group.   Nabisco Pty Limited is incorporated in Victoria to complete this acquisition.


1961 - The company establishes a Consumer Services Group to respond to increased interest in product information and quality.
National Biscuit Company acquires Arbona of Puerto Rico, maker of Sultana, the island’s most popular soda cracker.
In May, National Biscuit Company purchases a controlling interest in Societe Anonyme Biscuits Gondolo in France, enabling the company to increase participation in the European common market.
In Italy, a total of 18 Nabisco biscuit varieties are produced and sold under a licensing agreement with the firm Motta S.p.A., located in Milan.


1962 - National Biscuit Company acquires Frears Ltd. of England.


1965 - Nabisco sponsors the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City.
National Biscuit Company becomes associated with A. Guerrero and Cia, Ltda., a prominent biscuit company in Nicaragua.  The firm manufactures the popular line of Cristal biscuits which are widely distributed throughout Central America.  The operation is re-named Industrias Nabisco-Cristal, S.A.


1966 - A Food Services Division is established to handle sales, marketing and distribution of non-grocery-store products. Its focus is the “away from home” market including hotels, restaurants, hospitals, schools and vending machines.
Business outside the United States has grown to annual volume in excess of $150 million.  This is more than the total company sales in 1941.
There are now subsidiary companies operating in12 other countries around the world.  Over 20% of the company’s volume is outside the U.S. and about 30% of the 36,000 employees are located abroad.  Nabisco products are sold in over 100 countries. 


1968 - National Biscuit Company’s new “easy-lock” closure paperboard box is tested successfully on Triscuit crackers and then applied to the entire line of snack-cracker products over the next two years.
Nabisco’s cellophane-wrapped cookie line gets a new look that features a diagonal “dew-drop” design.  This dew-drop design is added to cookie packaging other than cellophane in 1971.
Nabisco opens a $10 million production facility in Broadmeadows, Australia.


1970 - All Nabisco products made with wheat flour are enriched with Vitamin B1, B2, niacin and iron.
In Japan, National Biscuit Company, along with partners Yamazaki Baking Co. and Nichimen Trading Co., establish a joint venture and form a new company, Yamazaki Nabisco Co., Ltd. (YNCO).  The venture allows Nabisco to enter the Japanese biscuit, chocolate and candy markets.


1971 - National Biscuit Company formally changes its name to Nabisco, Inc. as of April 27 although it has used the Nabisco name on an informal basis for many years.
U.S. radio stations begin playing 2-minute messages from Nabisco called “Start Thinking Nutrition.”  There are 52 different messages.


1972 - The red triangle Nabisco logo changes slightly. A white border now surrounds the red triangle. 


1973 - Construction begins for a new global headquarters building in East Hanover, New Jersey.  The groundbreaking ceremony is on October 10.


1975 - Nabisco relocates its global headquarters from New York City to the new building in East Hanover, New Jersey.  It opens on October 20. 


1978 - “Nabisco – America’s Cookie Jar” advertising campaign launches nationwide in the United States.


1981 - Nabisco, Inc. acquires Life Savers, Inc.
Nabisco, Inc. merges with Standard Brands Incorporated to become Nabisco Brands, Inc.  Nabisco Brands, Inc. is incorporated on April 21.  The merger proposal is formally approved at a special meeting of Nabisco and Standard Brands stockholders on July 1.  The merger adds Planters nuts and snacks, Royal dry dessert mixes, and Fleischmann’s and Blue Bonnet margarine, among others, to the Nabisco portfolio.
Shares in Nabisco Brands, Inc. begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange on July 6.


1982 - Nabisco Brands acquires Huntley & Palmer Foods, leading manufacturer of cookies and crackers in the United Kingdom dating back to 1822, with businesses in Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, India and the Far East.  This acquisition includes Peak Freans brand.
Nabisco Brands, Inc. reorganizes its worldwide business into two units – Nabisco Brands USA and International Nabisco Brands (including Canada).  
Nabisco Brands’ corporate headquarters moves to Parsippany, New Jersey.
The first annual Nabisco Dinah Shore Golf Invitational is held in April.


1983 - Nabisco Brands introduces a new three-note musical signature in its television commercials.  The first commercials with this new signature air on January 1 on CBS and NBC telecasts of the Tournament of Roses Parade in California. Nabisco Brands is the exclusive sponsor of the parade on both networks in 1983 and 1984.


1985 - On September 10, R.J. Reynolds Industries, Inc. acquires Nabisco Brands, Inc., at the cost of $4.9 billion, creating the largest consumer goods company in the United States.  Nabisco Brands, Inc. becomes an operating unit of R.J. Reynolds Industries, Inc.  This transaction adds Grey Poupon and A.1. brands to the Nabisco portfolio as well as Del Monte fruits, juices and canned products, and several other brands.
In the fall, the Robert M. Schaeberle Technology Center – named after the company chairman – is completed in East Hanover, New Jersey.  The following year Research & Development magazine names it “1986 Laboratory of the Year.”


1986 - R.J. Reynolds Industries, Inc. changes its name to R.J.R. Nabisco, Inc. effective as of April 23.
In the People’s Republic of China, the Yili-Nabisco Biscuit and Food Company – a joint venture between Nabisco Brands and Yili Food Corporation – breaks  ground for construction of a modern bakery in Beijing in July.  The bakery is completed in 1987.  The company is the first major international biscuit company in China.


1987 - On December 11, the Biscuit division of Nabisco Brands reaches a new milestone when sales of its cookies, crackers and snacks tops $2 billion for the year.


1988 - Nabisco Ltd. in Canada acquires the Red Oval Farms cracker business from InterBake Foods on February 15.
In June, the Yili-Nabisco Biscuit and Food Company begins production in Beijing of Ritz, Premium, Escort and Maria brand biscuits for domestic and export markets.
After an historic bidding contest, R.J.R. Nabisco, Inc. is taken private by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co.  At the time, it is the largest leveraged buyout ever at about $26 billion ($109 a share). Using borrowed funds, KKR acquires the stock of R.J.R. Nabisco in two stages – 75% on February 9, 1989 and 25% on April 28, 1989.


1989 - To reduce its debt, R.J.R Nabisco, Inc. agrees to sell assets worth $5 billion and the divestitures commence - primarily European and South African biscuit, candy and snacks businesses.
The name R.J.R. Holdings Corp. is changed to R.J.R. Nabisco Holdings Corp. – the parent company of R.J.R. Nabisco, Inc.


1990 - The required asset sales are completed and Nabisco Holdings Corp. is once again publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange.  R.J.R. Holdings Corp. has three operating divisions: R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, R.J. Reynolds Tobacco International, Inc. and R.J.R. Nabisco Foods Group.  The latter division has 6 business units: Nabisco Brands, Inc., Nabisco Biscuit Company, Nabisco Foods Company, Nabisco International, Inc. Nabisco Brands, Ltd. (Canada), and Planters LifeSavers Company.


1991 - Nabisco Foods Group’s undergoes a reorganization. Nabisco Foods Group’s U.S. operations are now made up of 6 operating units: Nabisco Biscuit Company, Specialty Products Division, Fleischmann’s Division, Planters Division, LifeSavers Division, and Food Service Division. Nabisco Brands, Ltd. (Canada) and Nabisco International, Inc. remain the same.


1992 - Nabisco Foods Group no longer includes the international food business.   Nabisco International, Inc. and Nabisco Foods Group are now separate business units of R.J.R. Nabisco, Inc., of which the parent company is R.J.R. Nabisco Holdings Corp.


1993 - On January 4, Nabisco Foods Group sells its U.S. and Canadian ready-to-eat cereal business – primarily Shredded Wheat brand – to Kraft General Foods.
In December, Nabisco International, Inc. again becomes a part of Nabisco Foods Group.  (In October R.J.R. announced a similar consolidation of its U.S. and international tobacco businesses.)


1994 - Lower-fat versions of Nabisco’s most popular brands of cookies and crackers are introduced, including Oreo, Ritz, Chips Ahoy!, Wheat Thins, Triscuit, Better Cheddars and Cheese Nips.
Annual sales in Latin America reach $1.1 billion.
Nabisco now has integrated manufacturing and marketing operations in 17 countries.


1995 - On January 19, R.J.R Nabisco Holdings Corp. offers an initial public offering (IPO) for 19.5 % of Nabisco Holdings Corp. common stock, raising over $1 billion to reduce its bank debt.  Its food operations are conducted by its wholly owned subsidiary Nabisco, Inc.   The stock trading symbol is NA.
Nabisco, Inc. is comprised of 6 operating companies—Nabisco Biscuit Company, Specialty Products Company, Planters Company, LifeSavers Company, Food Service Company, Fleischmann’s Company—as well as Nabisco Brands Ltd. (Canada) and Nabisco International. 
Nabisco Holdings Corp. acquires the assets of Kraft Foods’ U.S. and Canadian margarine business, including Parkay, Chiffon and Touch of Butter brands, in October.
Nabisco acquires Galletera Tejerias, S.A. in Venezuela.


1996 - Nabisco, Inc. undergoes a restructuring of its business units and sales organization to focus on its “core brands.” The workforce is restructured, jobs are cut. The sales force is no longer organized in geographic territories, but rather into customer teams. Many slow-moving and lower-margin biscuit products are discontinued.  Nabisco, Inc. now has 3 operating units: Nabisco Biscuit Company, U.S. Foods Group and Nabisco International, Inc.
Biscuit leadership in Taiwan is gained through the acquisition of the assets of Lucky Enterprises Corporation Limited, the leading biscuit company in Taiwan.


1997 - Nabisco Holdings Corp. acquires CornNuts, Inc. (California) effective December 19.
Nabisco launches the www.candystand.com internet site.


1998 - Nabisco divests its tablespreads business – Fleischmann’s, Blue Bonnet, Parkay, Chiffon and Touch of Butter – as well as several other brands, to ConAgra.
Nabisco International’s largest market is Brazil where it operates 15 manufacturing facilities.  In the biscuit category, Nabisco International is the market leader in Spain, Argentina, Venezuela, Puerto Rico, Nicaragua, Uruguay, Taiwan and Beijing, China.


1999 - On June 15, a series of reorganization transactions are completed.  As a result, Nabisco Group Holdings Corp. – formerly R.J.R. Nabisco Holdings Corp. – and its affiliates Nabisco Holdings Corp. and Nabisco, Inc. and their subsidiaries are spun off.  And R.J.R. Nabisco, Inc. is renamed R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Holdings Inc.
Nabisco Holdings Corp. acquires the assets of Favorite Brands International, Inc., Sather Trucking Corp. and Trolli, Inc. as of November 19.  The FBI acquisition includes Farley’s candies and the former Kraft caramels and marshmallow businesses.
In a joint venture, Nabisco acquires part ownership of the European biscuit business of United Biscuits (founded in 1948).  And United Biscuits acquires Nabisco’s business businesses in Spain, Portugal, the Middle East and Africa.  As part of the deal Nabisco receives full ownership of United Biscuits’ current operations in China, Hong Kong and Taiwan.
Nabisco becomes an official NASCAR sponsor.
Convenient stand-up re-sealable laminated foil bags for 15 biscuit and snack products are introduced in the U.S.


2000 - Philip Morris Companies Inc. acquires Nabisco Holdings Corp., Nabisco, Inc. and its subsidiaries for $14.9 billion effective as of December 11.
Nabisco sells its U.S. baking powder and dry mix desserts businesses to The Jel Sert Company in December but retains the Royal business outside of the U.S.


2001 - In January the Nabisco business is merged with Kraft Foods, a Philip Morris Companies subsidiary.





























downloads









100-Year-Old Brands












 































©Mondelēz International. All Rights Reserved




Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Contact Us
top 





















