










 







ClubGA Holdings, LLC - Residential- Michan  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









ClubGA Holdings, LLC

      Industry: Residential
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    4370 La Jolla Village Dr. Suite 960 
    San Diego, CA, 92122Phone: 8585460900 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-17


New


$12,855,792


$12,855,792


Equity Only


06c


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 David Carlos Michan 
 Executive 


 Carlos David Michan 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 


SPG - Select Product Group - Facilities Locations















































 

JavaScript seems to be Disabled! Some of the website features are unavailable unless JavaScript is enabled.













 

Home
About

Company Overview
Certifications and Awards
Employment


Facilities

Locations
Photos



Products
Contact
















Locations
Photos








Facilities Locations

SPG production was constructed with multi-faceted capabilities, mirroring the multiple QSR packaging needs. Integrated packaging categories allow our customers to find all of their paper packaging needs within one partnership.  SPG’s unique supplier advantage is the ability to offer consolidated shipments – utilizing both weight and cube – in every shipment. 
SPG South
In 2005, SPG acquired its first production site in Hattiesburg, Mississippi and currently operates with over 300,000 square feet. 
SPG North
In 2006, SPG installed the first machine in Green Bay, Wisconsin and has since expanded to nearly 600,000 square feet. 
SPG Augusta
In 2007, SPG acquired a mill in Augusta, Georgia.  By investing in tissue production, SPG is able to sole-source all tissue converting operations and better monitor quality. 












© 2017 SPG Holdings LLC. All rights reserved











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Chelsea Petroleum Products Holdings LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























chelsea petroleum products holdings llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Energy
Industry: Oil, Gas & Coal
Sub-Industry: Refining & Marketing
Chelsea Petroleum Products Holdings LLC operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, refines and markets crude oil. Chelsea Petroleum Products serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













ClubGME. LLC, 14055126 | Georgia-register.com














































ClubGME. LLC
35 West Currahee Street, Toccoa, GA, 30577


















 
+
0
-



ClubGME. LLC is an entity registered at Georgia with company number 14055126. Company is incorporated on30th May 2014. Current status of the company is Active/Noncompliance. The company's registered agent is James Scott, 35 West Currahee Street, Stephens, Toccoa, GA, 30577, USA
Company information


Company name
ClubGME. LLC


Address
35 West Currahee Street, Toccoa, GA, 30577


Status
Active/Noncompliance


Company number
14055126


Company type
Domestic Limited Liability Company


Home state
Georgia


Incorporation Date
30th May 2014



					Registered Agent
					
					
					
				


Name
James Scott


Address
35 West Currahee Street, Stephens, Toccoa, GA, 30577, USA








All data on website has informational character only and are taken from publicly available sources.
Related companies

CLUBGREEN SUMMIT, LLC
CLUBHILL 1, LLLP
CLUBHILL 1, LLLP
CLUBHOUSE ATLANTA ENTERPRISES, L.L.C.
CLUBHOUSE CHILDCARE, INC.
CLUBHOUSE CIGAR, INC.
CLUBHOUSE CIGARS, INCORPORATED
CLUBHOUSE CLASSICS, INC.
CLUBHOUSE CONSTRUCTION, L.L.C.
CLUBHOUSE CORPORATION


CLUBGAROO, INC. (NEVADA)
CLUBGAROO, INC.
ClubGA Holdings, LLC
CLUBFED, LLC
CLUBDRIVE SYSTEMS, INC.
CLUBDRIVE SYSTEMS,  LLC
CLUBCORP USA, INC.
CLUBCORP LSPRINGS, L.P.
CLUBCORP GOLF OF OKLAHOMA, L.L.C.
CLUBCORP GOLF OF GEORGIA, L.P.

Similar company number

Right Touch Bar-B-Que & More, LLC
Stevision LLC
Axiom Real Estate Holdings, LLC
Patton Group, LLC
Barnwell Enterprises, LLC
savannah auto performance llc
J Marsh Enterprises, LLC
Alpine Contracting, LLC
MAI Salon, LLC
KATIE VO TWO, LLC.


Lice Ladies Products, LLC
Exquisite Occasions, LLC
SAVAGE HOLDINGS, LLC
GROUP 77 SOLUTIONS, LLC
SumCo Mobility & Voice Solutions, LLC
St. Clair Land, LLC
Watkins Medical Consultants, LLC
Focus Media, LLC
SAVAGE AVIATION, LLC
John D Duncan, LLC
























  
    
    Marine Concepts/JRL Ventures acquired by Leisure Product Holdings :


  CompositesWorld



























































Go





















 ☰ 
⌕













Marine Concepts/JRL Ventures acquired by Leisure Product Holdings





















      Florida-based composites specialist Marine Concepts/JRL Ventures joins Leisure Product Holdings' family of marine-based manufacturing firms.

















                    News Post: 2/8/2016


                        Edited by
                        
                                
                        Jeff Sloan
                          
 

                            Editor-in-Chief
                       











Related Topics:
    


Marine Composites



Related Suppliers


Marine Concepts/Design Concepts



Leisure Product Holdings LLC (Dover, DE, US) reports that it has acquired the assets of Marine Concepts/JRL Ventures Inc. (Sarasota and Cape Coral, FL, US). Marine Concepts joins LPH's family of brands that include Marine Electrical Products, Florida Marine Tanks and Erwin Cole Enterprises.
Marine Concepts, for 40 years, has specialized in design, engineering and manufacturing of CNC plugs and composite molds for the boating industry. JRL Ventures is the non-marine division that designs, engineers and manufactures tooling for the aerospace, automotive, amusement, wind turbine and other markets.
"We are looking forward to the growth and synergistic opportunities this acquisition will bring to the LPH family," says Bob Long, Marine Concepts/JRL Ventures CEO and 2015 inductee to the NMMA Hall of Fame. Long will remain with the company and will join LPH's Board of Directors. Matt Chambers, JRL president, and the rest of the JRL management team will continue to serve in their current roles.
"This is an exciting opportunity for our whole portfolio and will allow us to offer more products and services to all of our customers," says J. Pearson, chairman of Leisure Product Holdings LLC. 


















Editor Pick
CW Talks: James Austin, CEO, NTPT

Our guest in episode 6 of CW Talks: The Composites Podcast is James Austin, CEO of Switzerland-based North Thin Ply Technology (NTPT). Austin talk about his early work in composites serving aerospace customers, before migrating to marine composites and, now, his current job leading material and automation specialist NTPT.




News

SGL Carbon SE acquires shares from Tokai Carbon Co. Ltd.


Composite Recycling Technology Center CEO to retire, Chief Operating Officer named CEO 


Northern Composites looks to expand products and reach


N12 Technologies, UDRI partner for high-volume production of NanoStitch  


Large-format 3D printer builds carbon fiber-reinforced submarine















































Zones
Blog
Magazine
SourceBook

Products
Events
News
Webinars






SITE MAP
Subscribe
Contact
About CW
Advertise


Social Media

  
      YouTube

  
      Twitter

  
      Facebook






Channel Partners

• Plastics Technology Magazine  
            
• Modern Machine Shop Magazine  
            
• MoldMaking Technology Magazine  
            
• Additive Manufacturing Magazine  
            



    Copyright © Gardner Business Media, Inc. 2017 
  All rights reserved.








Select









































































 


























 Questions? Call Us 1-855-77-SELECT 

Careers
Contact Us
 



























































Loading...            


Loading...























		  
		    Health Products Holdings llc
		  
		



























Toggle navigation








(954) 233-3300










 
 
 













About Us
Healthy Solutions for Today’s Lifestyles. 




Health Products Holdings, LLC (“HPH”) is a group of  vertically integrated companies, including manufacturing entities and  compelling brands, sold through a variety of distribution channels in the  Health Supplement industry. Since its inception, HPH has become a world leader  in supplement manufacturing and branding.  HPH takes pride in producing  and selling innovative, trustworthy, and highly-marketable nutritional  supplements with the overall goal of improving the population’s health.














Vision
Our trusted products empowering healthy lifestyles in every household
 Values





Engagement
Across brands, functions, and levels, we communicate openly, collaborate effectively, and take personal responsibility for maintaining consumer trust.





Innovation
We engage in timely and responsible exploration, experimentation, and discovery in our products and processes.





Integrity
In everything we do, we exhibit openness, honesty, respect, and firm commitment to our mission and values.




 Quality
We demonstrate daily diligence to performing at the highest standard across people, processes, and products.




 Humility
We are motivated by an ongoing desire to improve ourselves, our company, and the world, so we are willing to listen and learn and remain open to new ideas and approaches. 












Our Brands 
As a family of brands, Health Products Holdings is your trusted partner for healthier living. Our portfolio of nutritional products spans sports nutrition and herbal solutions to probiotics and whole food supplements.  






















































 




 
Press 




Health Products Holdings has acquired the True Health, Health Resources and Vitamin Research Products
August 31st, 2015
Health Products Holdings, LLC (“HPH”) has acquired from Vitamin Research Products, LLC all of its brands and related assets, including the well-known direct-to-consumer brands Vitamin Research Products (“VRP”), True Health (“TH”), and Health Resources (“HR”). Read More






Nature’s Products Inc. Is Reaping Awards for Healthiest Employer in 2015
July 28, 2015
Nature’s Products Inc. has received two wellness awards in South Florida, and has been recognized as a Gold-Level, Fit-Friendly Worksite by the American Heart Association. 
Read More






Iceland Health® Introduces Axial Rx™
August 10th, 2014
Patent-Pending Formula for Joint Health Sunrise, FL (October 14, 2014) – Iceland Health, known for its premium, omega-3 based products, launches Axial Rx™, a patent-pending joint health formula. Axial Rx is designed to help provide relief from joint discomfort in
Read More













 Home

 About Us 
 Vision & Values 
 Our Brands 
 Press 

 
	
1301 Sawgrass Corporate Parkway Sunrise, Florida 33323 United States© 2015 Health Products Holdings llc(954) 233-3300













