










 








Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-b Purchase Agreement - Trust Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Trust Agreement     > CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2014-B PURCHASE AGREEMENT

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-b Purchase Agreement
Trust Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Trust Agreement involves CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC | CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA LLC. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2014-B PURCHASE AGREEMENT Governing Law: New York      Date: 6/5/2014 Law Firm: Greenberg Traurig      









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










Exhibit 4.4
 

CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2014-B
PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 

between
 

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA
LLC
 

and
 

CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES
LLC
 

Dated as of May 1,
2014
 






 

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 




ARTICLE I CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS


 


1





 


 


 





Section 1.1.


 


Definitions


 


1





Section 1.2.


 


Other Definitional Provisions


 


1





 


 


 


 


 





ARTICLE II CONVEYANCE OF
RECEIVABLES


 


2





 


 


 





Section 2.1.


 


Conveyance of Purchased Contracts


 


2





Section 2.2.


 


[Reserved]


 


3





Section 2.3.


 


Intention of the Parties


 


3





Section 2.4.


 


The Closing


 


4





Section 2.5.


 


Payment of the Purchase Price


 


4





Section 2.6.


 


Cross-Collateralization


 


4





 


 


 


 


 





ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES


 


4





 


 


 





Section 3.1.


 


Representations and Warranties of
CNHCR


 


4





Section 3.2.


 


Representations and Warranties of
CNHICA


 


5




 


 


 


 


 





ARTICLE IV
CONDITIONS


 


10




 


 


 


 


 





Section 4.1.


 


Conditions to Obligation of CNHCR


 


10





Section 4.2.


 


Conditions to Obligation of
CNHICA


 


11




 


 


 


 


 





ARTICLE V COVENANTS OF
CNHICA


 


12




 


 


 


 


 





Section 5.1.


 


Protection of Right, Title and
Interest


 


12





Section 5.2.


 


Other Liens or Interests


 


12





Section 5.3.


 


Jurisdiction of Organization


 


13





Section 5.4.


 


Costs and Expenses


 


13





Section 5.5.


 


Indemnification


 


13





Section 5.6.


 


[Reserved]


 


13





Section 5.7.


 


Cross-Collateralization


 


13




 


 


 


 


 





ARTICLE VI MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS


 


13




 


 


 


 


 





Section 6.1.


 


Obligations of CNHICA


 


13





Section 6.2.


 


Repurchase Events


 


13





Section 6.3.


 


CNHCR Assignment of Repurchased
Receivables


 


14





Section 6.4.


 


Trust


 


14





Section 6.5.


 


Amendment


 


14





Section 6.6.


 


[Reserved.]


 


15





Section 6.7.


 


Waivers


 


15





Section 6.8.


 


Notices


 


15





Section 6.9.


 


Costs and Expenses


 


15





Section 6.10.


 


Representations of CNHICA and
CNHCR


 


16





Section 6.11.


 


Confidential Information


 


16





Section 6.12.


 


Headings and Cross-References


 


16





Section 6.13.


 


Governing Law


 


16



 





 




Section 6.14.


 


Counterparts


 


16





Section 6.15.


 


Severability


 


16





Section 6.16.


 


Information Requests


 


16



 
EXHIBITS
 
EXHIBIT A                                                              
Form of CNHICA
Assignment
 
SCHEDULES
 
SCHEDULE P                                                  
Perfection Representation and
Warranties
 
ii 






 

PURCHASE AGREEMENT (as amended or
supplemented from time to time, this “Agreement”) dated
as of May 1, 2014, between CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (“CNHICA”), and
CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(“CNHCR”).

 

RECITALS
 

WHEREAS , CNHICA and CNHCR wish to set forth the terms
pursuant to which:  Contracts having an aggregate Contract
Value of approximately $234,789,717.35 and identified on
Schedule A to the CNHICA Assignment (the “Purchased
Contracts”) as of the Cutoff Date are to be sold by CNHICA to
CNHCR on the date hereof; and

 

WHEREAS , CNHCR, as of the Cutoff Date, owned Contracts
previously purchased from CNHICA pursuant to an Amended and
Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of
December 15, 2000 (as amended from time to time, the
“Liquidity Receivables Purchase Agreement”) between
CNHICA and CNHCR, having an aggregate Contract Value of
approximately $764,777,831.76 and identified on Schedule A to
the Assignment (the “Owned Contracts”, and together
with the Purchased Contracts, the “Receivables”);
and

 

WHEREAS , the Receivables will be transferred by CNHCR,
pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, to CNH Equipment
Trust 2014-B (the “Trust”), which Trust will issue
Certificates representing non-assessable, fully paid, undivided
beneficial interests in, and Notes collateralized by, the
Receivables and the other property of the Trust; and

 

WHEREAS , CNHICA and CNHCR wish to set forth herein
certain representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities of
CNHICA with respect to the Receivables for the benefit of CNHCR,
the Trust, the Noteholders and the Certificateholders.

 

NOW, THEREFORE
, in consideration of the foregoing,
other good and valuable consideration and the mutual terms and
covenants contained herein the parties hereto agree as
follows:

 

ARTICLE I
 

CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS
 

Section 1.1.
                                                             
Definitions
.  Capitalized terms used
herein and not otherwise defined herein are defined in
Appendix A to the Indenture dated as of the date hereof
between CNH Equipment Trust 2014-B and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as Indenture Trustee.

 

Section 1.2.
                                                             
Other Definitional
Provisions .

 

(a)                                 
All terms defined in this Agreement
shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or
other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise
defined therein.

 

(b)                                 
As used in this Agreement and in any
certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto,
accounting terms not defined in this Agreement or in any
such
 





 
certificate or other document, and accounting
terms partly defined in this Agreement or in any such certificate
or other document to the extent not defined, shall have the
respective meanings given to them under generally accepted
accounting principles as in effect on the date hereof.  To the
extent that the definitions of accounting terms in this Agreement
or in any such certificate or other document are inconsistent with
the meanings of such terms under generally accepted accounting
principles, the definitions contained in this Agreement or in any
such certificate or other document shall control.

 

(c)                                  
The words “hereof”,
“herein”, “hereunder” and words of similar
import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as
a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement;
Section, Schedule and Exhibit references contained in this
Agreement are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or
to this Agreement unless otherwise specified; and the term
“including” shall mean “including, without
limitation,”.

 

(d)                                 
The definitions contained in this
Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural
forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine
and neuter genders of such terms.

 

(e)                                  
References to any law or regulation
refer to that law or regulation as amended from time to time and
include any successor law or regulation.

 

(f)                                   
References to any agreement refer to
that agreement as from time to time amended or supplemented or as
the terms of such agreement are waived or modified in accordance
with its terms.

 

(g)                                  
References to any Person include
that Person’s successors and assigns.

 

ARTICLE II
 

CONVEYANCE OF
RECEIVABLES
 

Section 2.1.
                                                             
Conveyance of Purchased
Contracts .  In
consideration of CNHCR’s payment of $234,789,717.35 (the
“Purchase Price”) in the manner set out in
Section 2.5(a), and the other consideration (including the
terms and covenants) contained herein, CNHICA does hereby sell,
transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to CNHCR, without
recourse (subject to the obligations herein), all of its right,
title, interest in, to and under (collectively, the “CNHICA
Assets”):

 

(i)                                     
the Purchased Contracts and the
Owned Contracts, including all documents constituting chattel paper
included therewith, and all obligations of the Obligors thereunder,
including all monies paid thereunder on or after the Cutoff
Date;

 

(ii)                                  
the security interests in the
Financed Equipment granted by Obligors pursuant to the Purchased
Contracts and the Owned Contracts and any other interest of CNHICA
in such Financed Equipment;
 
2 





 

(iii)                               
any proceeds with respect to the
Purchased Contracts and the Owned Contracts from claims on
insurance policies covering Financed Equipment or Obligors (to the
extent not used to purchase Substitute Equipment);

 

(iv)                              
any proceeds from recourse to
Dealers with respect to the Purchased Contracts and the Owned
Contracts;

 

(v)                                 
any Financed Equipment that shall
have secured the Purchased Contracts and the Owned Contracts and
that shall have been acquired by or on behalf of CNHCR;
and

 

(vi)                              
the proceeds of any and all of the
foregoing.

 
Insofar as the grant above relates to Owned
Contracts and related property, it is made for administrative
convenience and is not intended to derogate from the prior
conveyance of the Owned Contracts and related property pursuant to
the Liquidity Receivables Purchase Agreement.  The parties to
this Agreement acknowledge and agree that, except as set
forth in Section 5.5 of this Agreement, the sole
remedy for any breach of any representation or warranty made by
CNHICA to CNHCR at any time as to the Owned
Contracts and related property will be the repurchase
obligation of CNHICA set forth in Section 6.2 of this
Agreement.
 

Section 2.2.
                                                             
[Reserved]
.

 

Section 2.3.
                                                             
Intention of the
Parties .  The
parties to this Agreement intend that the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be, and shall be treated as, a purchase by CNHCR and a
sale by CNHICA of the Receivables and not as a lending transaction,
such that in the event of a filing of a petition for relief by or
against CNHICA under the Bankruptcy Code, (i) such Receivables
would not be property of CNHICA’s bankruptcy estate under
Section 541 of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) the bankruptcy
court would not compel the turnover of such Receivables or
collections thereon by CNHCR to CNHICA under Section 542 of
the Bankruptcy Code, and (iii) the bankruptcy court would
determine that payments on such Receivables not in the possession
of CNHICA would not be subject to the automatic stay provisions of
Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code imposed upon the
commencement of CNHICA’s bankruptcy case.  The foregoing
sale, assignment, transfer and conveyance does not constitute, and
is not intended to result in a creation or assumption by CNHCR of,
any obligation or liability with respect to any Receivables, nor
shall CNHCR be obligated to perform or otherwise be responsible for
any obligation of CNHICA or any other Person in connection with the
Receivables or under any agreement or instrument relating thereto,
including any contract or any other obligation to any
Obligor.  If (but only to the extent that) the transfer of the
Assets hereunder is characterized by a court or other governmental
authority as a loan rather than a sale, CNHICA shall be deemed
hereunder to have granted to CNHCR a security interest in all of
CNHICA’s right, title and interest in and to the
Assets.  Such security interest shall secure all of
CNHICA’s obligations (monetary or otherwise) under this
Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it is a party,
whether now or hereafter existing or arising, due or to become due,
direct or indirect, absolute or contingent.  CNHCR shall have,
with respect to the property described in Section 2.1, and in
addition to all the other rights and remedies available to CNHCR
under this Agreement
 
3 





 
and applicable law, all the rights and remedies
of a secured party under any applicable UCC, and this Agreement
shall constitute a security agreement under applicable
law.

 

Section 2.4.
                                                             
The Closing
.  The sale and purchase of the
Purchased Contracts shall take place at a closing at the offices of
Greenberg Traurig, LLP, 77 West Wacker Drive, Suite 3100,
Chicago, Illinois  60601 on the Closing Date,
simultaneously with the closings under:  (a) the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, (b) the Trust Agreement, (c) the
Administration Agreement and (d) the Indenture.

 

Section 2.5.
                                                             
Payment of the Purchase
Price .

 

(a)                                 
Purchased Contracts.
  The Purchase Price is payable
in cash in an amount of $234,789,717.35 on the Closing
Date.

 

Section 2.6.
                                                             
Cross-Collateralization
.  To the extent CNHICA retains
any interest in any item of Financed Equipment securing the
repayment of any Receivable, as a result of the related Obligor
agreeing to cross-collateralize all obligations owed by such
Obligor to CNHICA or otherwise, CNHICA acknowledges and agrees that
its interest in the Financed Equipment shall be expressly
subordinate and junior in priority to the repayment of all amounts
outstanding under such Receivable prior to becoming available to
pay any amount outstanding under any other obligation owed by such
Obligor to CNHICA.  CNHICA hereby represents, warrants and
covenants that NH Credit has not retained, and will not retain, any
interest in any item of Financed Equipment securing the repayment
of any Receivable, whether as a result of the related Obligor
agreeing to cross-collateralize obligations or
otherwise.

 

ARTICLE III
 

REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES
 

Section 3.1.
                                                             
Representations and Warranties
of CNHCR . 
CNHCR hereby represents and warrants to CNHICA as of the date
hereof and as of the Closing Date:

 

(a)                                 
Organization and Good
Standing.   CNHCR
has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited
liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware, with the power and authority to own its properties and to
conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and
such business is presently conducted, and had at all relevant
times, and has, the power and authority to acquire, own and sell
the Receivables.

 

(b)                                 
Due Qualification.
  CNHCR is duly qualified to do
business as a foreign limited liability company in good standing,
and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals, in all
jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or the
conduct of its business shall require such qualifications, except
where the failure to be so qualified and have such licenses and
approvals would not have a material adverse effect on (i) the
Trust Estate, (ii) CNHCR’s performance of its
obligations under the Basic Documents to which it is a party,
(iii) the business or condition (financial or otherwise) of
CNHCR or (iv) the validity or enforceability of any
Receivable.
 
4 






 

(c)                                  
Power and Authority.
  CNHCR has the power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out
its terms; and the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement have been duly authorized by CNHCR by all necessary
limited liability company action.

 

(d)                                 
Binding Obligation.
  This Agreement constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of CNHCR enforceable against
CNHCR in accordance with its terms.

 

(e)                                  
No Violation.
  The consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of
the terms hereof do not conflict with, result in any breach of any
of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without
notice or lapse of time) a default under, the certificate of
formation, limited liability company agreement or by-laws of CNHCR,
or any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which CNHCR is a
party or by which it is bound; or result in the creation or
imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the
terms of any such indenture, agreement or other instrument (other
than the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Indenture); or
violate any law or, to the best of CNHCR’s knowledge, any
order, rule or regulation applicable to CNHCR of any court or
of any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency or
other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over CNHCR
or its properties.

 

(f)                                   
No Proceedings.
  As of the date of the
Underwriting Agreement, the Preliminary Prospectus Date, Prospectus
Date and the Closing Date, there are no proceedings or
investigations pending or, to CNHCR’s knowledge, threatened
against CNHCR, before any court, regulatory body, administrative
agency or other tribunal or governmental instrumentality having
jurisdiction over CNHCR or its properties:  (i) asserting
the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, or (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that
might materially and adversely affect the performance by CNHCR of
its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this
Agreement or otherwise be material to the Noteholders, except as
otherwise may be described in the Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus.

 

Section 3.2.
                                                             
Representations and Warranties
of CNHICA .

 

(a)                                 
CNHICA hereby represents and
warrants to CNHCR as of the date hereof and as of the Closing
Date:

 

(i)                                     
Organization and Good
Standing.   CNHICA
has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited
liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware, with the power and authority to own its properties and to
conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and
such business is presently conducted, and had at all relevant
times, and has, the power and authority to acquire, own and sell
the Receivables.

 

(ii)                                  
Due Qualification.
  CNHICA is duly qualified to
do business as a foreign limited liability company in good
standing, and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals, in
all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or
the conduct of its business shall require such qualifications,
except where the failure to be so qualified and have
 
5 





 
such licenses and approvals would not have a
material adverse effect on (a) the Trust Estate,
(b) CNHICA’s performance of its obligations under the
Basic Documents to which it is a party, (c) the business or
condition (financial or otherwise) of CNHICA or (d) the
validity or enforceability of any Receivable.

 

(iii)                               
Power and Authority.
  CNHICA has the power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out
its terms; CNHICA has full power and authority to sell and assign
the property to be sold and assigned to CNHCR hereby and has duly
authorized such sale and assignment to CNHCR by all necessary
limited liability company action; and the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by CNHICA
by all necessary limited liability company action.

 

(iv)                              
Binding Obligation.
  This Agreement constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of CNHICA enforceable against
CNHICA in accordance with its terms.

 

(v)                                 
No Violation.
  The consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of
the terms hereof do not conflict with, result in any breach of any
of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without
notice or lapse of time) a default under, the certificate of
formation, by-laws or limited liability company agreement of
CNHICA, or any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which
CNHICA is a party or by which it is bound; or result in the
creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties
pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement or other
instrument (other than this Agreement); or violate any law or, to
the best of CNHICA’s knowledge, any order, rule or
regulation applicable to CNHICA of any court or of any federal or
state regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental
instrumentality having jurisdiction over CNHICA or its
properties.

 

(vi)                              
No Proceedings.
  There are no proceedings or
investigations pending or, to CNHICA’s best knowledge,
threatened, before any court, regulatory body, administrative
agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction
over CNHICA or its properties:  (A) asserting the
invalidity of this Agreement, (B) seeking to prevent the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, or (C) seeking any determination or ruling that
could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the
performance by CNHICA of its obligations under, or the validity or
enforceability of, this Agreement.  As of the date of the
Underwriting Agreement, Preliminary Prospectus Date, Prospectus
Date and the Closing Date, there are no legal proceedings pending
against CNHICA, or of which any property of CNHICA is subject, that
are material to the Noteholders, and no such legal proceedings are
known to CNHICA to be contemplated by any governmental
authority.

 

(b)                                 
CNHICA makes the following
representations and warranties as to the Receivables on which CNHCR
relies in accepting the Receivables and in transferring the
Receivables to the Trust.  Such representations and warranties
speak as of the Closing Date, but shall survive the sale, transfer
and assignment of the Receivables to CNHCR and the subsequent
assignment and transfer of such Receivables to the Trust pursuant
to the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Grant to the Indenture
Trustee pursuant to the Indenture:
 
6 






 

(i)                                     
Characteristics of
Receivables.   Each
Receivable is a Retail Installment Contract and: 
(A) (1) (i) was originated in the United States of
America by a Dealer in connection with the retail sale of Financed
Equipment in the ordinary course of such Dealer’s business,
and (ii) was purchased by CNHICA from a Dealer and validly
assigned by such Dealer to CNHICA in accordance with its terms,
except that some of the Receivables were purchased by NH Credit
from Dealers (after being originated as provided above),
securitized in a previous CNH Equipment Trust and purchased by
CNHICA through the exercise of a clean-up call relating to that
previous securitization or (2) was originated in the United
States of America by CNHICA in connection with the financing or
refinancing, as applicable, of Financed Equipment in the ordinary
course of CNHICA’s business, and in the case of the foregoing
clauses (1) and (2), was fully and properly executed by the
parties thereto, (B) has created a valid, subsisting and
enforceable first priority security interest in the Financed
Equipment in favor of CNHICA except to the extent that such
security interest has been assigned by CNHICA to CNHCR, by CNHCR to
the Issuing Entity and by the Issuing Entity to the Indenture
Trustee, (C) contains customary and enforceable provisions
such that the rights and remedies of the holder thereof are
adequate for realization against the collateral of the benefits of
the security, and (D) provides for fixed payments on a
periodic basis that fully amortize the Amount Financed by maturity
and yield interest at the Annual Percentage Rate.

 

(ii)                                  
Schedule of Receivables; No
Adverse Selection of Receivables; Accuracy of Computer
Tape.   The
information set forth on Schedule A to the CNHICA Assignment
delivered on the Closing Date is true and correct in all material
respects as of the opening of business on the Cutoff Date.  No
selection procedures believed by CNHICA to be adverse to the
interests of the Trust, the Noteholders or the Certificateholders
were or will be utilized in selecting the Receivables.  The
computer tape regarding the Receivables made available to CNHCR and
its assigns is true and correct in all respects.

 

(iii)                               
Compliance with Law.
  Each Receivable and the sale
of the related Financed Equipment complied in all material respects
at the time it was originated or made and at the execution of this
Agreement with all requirements of applicable federal, state and
local laws and regulations thereunder, including usury law, the
Federal Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the
Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act,
the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act,
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s Regulations B and
Z, the Wisconsin Consumer Act and state adaptations of the National
Consumer Act and of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code, and other
consumer credit laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure
laws, in each case, to the extent applicable.

 

(iv)                              
Binding Obligation.
  Each Receivable represents
the genuine, legal, valid and binding payment obligation in writing
of the Obligor, enforceable by the holder thereof in accordance
with its terms.

 

(v)                                 
No Government Obligor.
  None of the Receivables is
due from the United States of America or any state or from any
agency, department or instrumentality of the United States of
America or any state.
 
7 






 

(vi)                              
Security Interest in Financed
Equipment.  
Immediately prior to the sale, assignment and transfer thereof,
each Receivable shall be secured by a validly perfected first
priority security interest in the Financed Equipment in favor of
CNHICA as secured party or all necessary and appropriate actions
have been commenced that would result in the valid perfection of a
first priority security interest in the Financed Equipment in favor
of CNHICA as secured party.

 

(vii)                           
Receivables in Force.
  No Receivable has been
satisfied, subordinated or rescinded, nor has any Financed
Equipment been released from the Lien granted by the related
Receivable in whole or in part (other than with respect to
equipment released from a Lien in accordance with the Servicing
Procedures and replaced with Substitute Equipment).

 

(viii)                        
No Amendment or
Waiver.   No
provision of a Receivable has been waived, altered or modified in
any respect, except pursuant to a document, instrument or writing
included in the Receivable Files and no such amendment, waiver,
alteration or modification causes such Receivable not to conform to
the other warranties contained in this Section.

 

(ix)                              
No Defenses.
  No right of rescission,
setoff, counterclaim or defense has been asserted or threatened or
exists with respect to any Receivable.

 

(x)                                 
No Liens.   To the best of CNHICA’s knowledge,
no Liens or claims, including claims for work, labor or materials,
relating to any of the Financed Equipment have been filed that are
Liens prior to, or equal or coordinate with, the security interest
in the Financed Equipment granted by any Receivable, except those
pursuant to the Basic Documents.

 

(xi)                              
No Default; Delinquency
Limitations.   No
Receivable is a non-performing Receivable or has a payment that is
more than 90 days overdue as of the Cutoff Date and, except for a
payment default continuing for a period of not more than 90 days,
no default, breach, violation or event permitting acceleration
under the terms of any Receivable has occurred and is
continuin


 








 












 



Fitch Rates CNH Equipment Trust 2014-C | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Rates CNH Equipment Trust 2014-C
    





October 23, 2014 04:19 PM Eastern Daylight Time



CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings assigns the following ratings to the CNH Equipment Trust 
      2014-C notes:
    

      --$219,000,000 class A-1 'F1+sf';
    

      --$280,000,000 class A-2 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$350,000,000 class A-3 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$127,587,000 class A-4 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$22,479,000 class B 'Asf'; Outlook Stable.
    

      Fitch's stress and rating sensitivity analysis are discussed in the 
      presale report titled 'CNH Equipment Trust 2014-C', dated Oct. 8, 2014, 
      which is available on Fitch's web site. The presale report details how 
      Fitch addresses the key rating drivers summarized below.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      High AG Concentration: The 2014-C collateral pool consists of 91.51% AG 
      and 8.49% CO. While the 2014-C AG concentration is consistent with CNH 
      Industrial Capital securitizations going back to 2009, the AG 
      concentrations in all these transactions are significantly higher 
      relative to CNH Industrial Capital transactions issued prior to 2009, 
      which consisted of approximately 18% - 32% CO.
    

      Consistent Collateral Concentrations: The pool contains 46.23% used 
      equipment and is comparable to the prior transactions, which typically 
      had concentrations ranging from 46.00% - 50.00%. Furthermore, the pool 
      consists of 67.88% annual-pay contracts, which historically have 
      experienced a lower level of losses than other payment types.
    

      Sufficient Credit Enhancement: Hard credit enhancement (CE) for the 
      2014-C transaction is unchanged from the prior eight transactions. Class 
      A and class B hard CE remains at 4.50% and 2.25%, respectively. Excess 
      spread of 2.10% (per annum [p.a.]) is up from 2014-B's 1.91%. These CE 
      levels are sufficient for the structure to support Fitch's initial base 
      case proxy of 1.15% for the rating levels listed above.
    

      Quality Origination, Underwriting, and Servicing: CNH Industrial Capital 
      has demonstrated adequate abilities as originator, underwriter and 
      servicer, as evidenced by historical delinquency and loss performance of 
      securitized trusts and the managed portfolio.
    

      Integrity of Legal Structure: The legal structure of the transaction 
      should provide that a bankruptcy of the trust would not impair the 
      timeliness of payments on the securities.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      Unanticipated increases in the frequency of defaults and loss severity 
      on defaulted receivables could produce loss levels higher than the base 
      case and could result in potential rating actions on the notes. Fitch 
      evaluated the sensitivity of the ratings to increased losses over the 
      life of the transaction. Fitch's analysis found that the notes display 
      limited sensitivity to increased defaults and losses, showing limited 
      impact on the rating of the notes under Fitch's moderate (1.5x base case 
      loss) scenario. The notes could experience downgrades of at least two 
      rating category under Fitch's severe (2.5x base case loss) scenario.
    

      Key Rating Drivers and Rating Sensitivities are further described in the 
      presale report dated Oct. 8, 2014. Fitch's analysis of the 
      Representations and Warranties (R&W) of this transaction can be found in 
      'CNH Equipment Trust 2014-C - Appendix'. These R&Ws are compared to 
      those of typical R&W for the asset class as detailed in the special 
      report 'Representations, Warranties, and Enforcement Mechanisms in 
      Global Structured Finance Transactions' dated April 17, 2012.
    

      Key Rating Drivers and Rating Sensitivities are further described in the 
      presale report, available at 'www.fitchratings.com' 
      or by clicking on the above link.
    

      Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.
    

      Applicable Criteria and Related Research:
    

      --'Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria' (Aug. 4, 2014);
    

      --'Representations, Warranties, and Enforcement Mechanisms in Global 
      Structured Finance Transactions' (Apr. 17, 2012);
    

      --'Criteria for Rating U.S. Equipment Lease and Loan ABS Sector' (Dec 
      19, 2013);
    

      --'Structured Finance Tranche Thickness Metrics' (July 29, 2011);
    

      --'CNH Equipment Trust 2014-A Presale Report' (Oct. 8, 2014);
    

      --'CNH Equipment Trust 2014-A Presale Report- Appendix' (Oct. 8, 2014).
    

      Applicable Criteria and Related Research:
    

      CNH Equipment Trust 2014-C: Appendix
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=791968


      Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=754389


      Representations, Warranties, and Enforcement Mechanisms in Global 
      Structured Finance Transactions
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=676496


      Criteria for Rating U.S. Equipment Lease and Loan ABS
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=726362


      Structured Finance Tranche Thickness Metrics
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=646951


      CNH Equipment Trust 2014-C
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=790768


      Additional Disclosure
    

      Solicitation Status
    

http://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=906154


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTP://FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF CONDUCT' SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    


Contacts

      Fitch Ratings, Inc.Primary AnalystThomas Kaiser, CPAAssociate 
      Director+1-312-368-3338Fitch Ratings, Inc.70 West 
      MadisonChicago, IL 60602orSecondary AnalystAndrew 
      TinariAnalyst+1-312-368-3127orCommittee 
      ChairpersonBradley SohlSenior Director+1-212-908-0792orMedia 
      RelationsSandro Scenga, +1-212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com













Contacts

      Fitch Ratings, Inc.Primary AnalystThomas Kaiser, CPAAssociate 
      Director+1-312-368-3338Fitch Ratings, Inc.70 West 
      MadisonChicago, IL 60602orSecondary AnalystAndrew 
      TinariAnalyst+1-312-368-3127orCommittee 
      ChairpersonBradley SohlSenior Director+1-212-908-0792orMedia 
      RelationsSandro Scenga, +1-212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up



























Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B in Burr Ridge, IL - (630) 887-5451





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B



6900 Veterans Blvd
Burr Ridge, IL 60527






Contact:



Title:



Phone:


                        630-887-5451
                    



Website:







There are 

12
                Companies located at 6900 Veterans Blvd, Burr Ridge, IL 60527
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B is located in Burr Ridge, Illinois. This organization primarily operates in the Trusts, nec business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 3 years. Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B is estimated to generate $73,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Trusts, nec



Industry:

Trusts, nec




SIC Code:

6733











Name:
Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B


Year Founded:


2014






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 73,000



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 60527






Percentage Population



21,306
White
1,623
Hispanic
2,529
Black
3,512
Asian
115
Native American
31
Hawaiian
613
Other


77.5 %
White
5.9 %
Hispanic
9.2 %
Black
12.8 %
Asian
0.4 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
2.2 %
Other













Population




Population 
27,486




Female52.4%14,414


Male47.6%13,072




Median Age

44.7




Female45.9


Male43.1






























Questions & Answers









How many people work at Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B?





Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B has approximately 2 employees at this location.







Is there a key contact at Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B?





You can contact Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B at (630) 887-5451







How long has Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B been in business?





Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B has been in business for approximately 3 years.









What are the annual sales for Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B?





Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B generates approximately $73,000 in annual sales.







What is the phone number for Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B?





The phone number for Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B is (630) 887-5451







Where is Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B located?





Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B is located at 6900 Veterans Blvd, Burr Ridge, IL 60527.







How big is Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B?





Cnh Equipment Trust 2014-B is estimated to generate $73,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.







Are there other companies located at 6900 Veterans Blvd, Burr Ridge, IL?





There are 12 commercial tenants at 6900 Veterans Blvd, Burr Ridge, IL.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 60527






Average House Value


                                $ 402,500
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 72,817
                            



Number of Households

11,219



Persons per Household

2.44













Number of Businesses

2,198



Number of Employees

16,930



Land Area (square miles)

14.479



Water Area (square miles)

0.362



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close



























 



Fitch Affirms CNH Equipment Trust 2014-C | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Affirms CNH Equipment Trust 2014-C
    





September 23, 2015 11:44 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings takes various rating actions on CNH Equipment Trust 
      2014-C. A full list of rating actions follows at the end of this ratings 
      action commentary.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      The affirmations of the class A and the upgrade to the class B notes 
      reflect loss coverage levels consistent with the ratings of 'AAAsf' and 
      'AAsf', respectively. As of the September 2015 reporting period, 
      cumulative net losses totaled 10 basis points, and as such, the 
      transaction is extrapolating below Fitch's initial base case loss proxy. 
      The Stable Outlook for the class A notes reflects Fitch's expectation 
      for loss coverage and credit enhancement to continue to improve as the 
      transaction amortizes. The Outlook revision to Positive for the class B 
      notes reflects the possibility for positive rating actions in the next 
      12 to 18 months.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      Unanticipated increases in the frequency of defaults and loss severity 
      could produce loss levels higher than the current projected base case 
      loss proxy, which would impact available loss coverage. Lower loss 
      coverage could impact ratings and rating outlooks, depending on the 
      extent of the decline in coverage. In Fitch's initial review of the 
      transaction, the notes were found to have limited sensitivity to 1.5x 
      and 2.5x higher of Fitch's base case loss expectation. Initial key 
      rating drivers and rating sensitivities are further described in the new 
      issue report published Oct. 8, 2014.
    

      To date, the transaction has exhibited strong performance with losses 
      within Fitch's initial expectations with rising loss coverage and 
      multiple levels. As such, continued strong performance for the 
      transaction would most likely result in continued stable ratings. 
      Conversely, a material deterioration in performance would have to occur 
      within the asset pool to have potential negative impact on the 
      outstanding ratings.
    

      DUE DILIGENCE USAGE
    

      No third party due diligence was provided or reviewed in relation to 
      this rating action.
    

      Fitch's analysis of the Representations and Warranties (R&W) of CNH 
      2014-C can be found in 'CNH Equipment Trust 2014-C - Appendix'. These 
      R&W are compared to those of typical R&W for the asset class as detailed 
      in the special report 'Representations, Warranties, and Enforcement 
      Mechanisms in Global Structured Finance Transactions' dated June 12, 
      2015.
    

      Fitch has taken the following rating actions on CNH Equipment Trust 
      2014-C:
    

      --Class A-2 affirmed at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --Class A-3 affirmed at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --Class A-4 affirmed at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --Class B upgraded to 'AAsf' from 'Asf'; Outlook revised to Positive 
      from Stable.
    

      Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.
    

      Applicable Criteria
    

      Criteria for Rating U.S. Equipment Lease and Loan ABS (pub. 23 Dec 2014)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=830328


      Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 06 Jul 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=867952


      Related Research
    

      CNH Equipment Trust 2014-C: Appendix
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=791968


      Additional Disclosures
    

      Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=991203


      Solicitation Status
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=991203


      Endorsement Policy
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTP://FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF CONDUCT' SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsSurveillance AnalystAndrew TinariAnalyst+1-312-368-3127Fitch 
      Ratings, Inc.70 W. Madison StreetChicago, IL 60602orCommittee 
      ChairpersonDu TrieuSenior Director+1-312-368-2091orMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, +1 212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com













Contacts

      Fitch RatingsSurveillance AnalystAndrew TinariAnalyst+1-312-368-3127Fitch 
      Ratings, Inc.70 W. Madison StreetChicago, IL 60602orCommittee 
      ChairpersonDu TrieuSenior Director+1-312-368-2091orMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, +1 212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























Moody's Rates CNH Industrial's ABS - Analyst Blog - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Moody's Rates CNH Industrial's ABS - Analyst Blog


June 03, 2014, 12:50:00 PM EDT
By Zacks Equity Research, Zacks.com









































Shutterstock photo



Moody's, a leading credit rating agency, assigned provisional
ratings to the fixed-rate securities to be issued by CNH Equipment
Trust 2014-B, the debt issuing entity of
CNH Industrial N.V.

(
CNHI

). The asset-backed securities (ABSs), worth $999.6-million, will
be sponsored by CNH Industrial Capital America LLC, an affiliate of
CNH Industrial.


Ratings



CNH Industrial's equipment lease securitization consists of four
tranches of A notes and one tranche of B notes. The Class A notes,
amounting to $977 million, have been assigned a rating of Aaa,
which is awarded to securities of the highest quality with the
lowest level of credit risk. In addition, its Class A-1 notes have
received a P-1 rating, indicating a superior ability to repay
short-term debt obligations. The $22.5 million Class B notes have
been assigned an A2 rating, and are subject to low credit risk.



The ratings of the notes address their credit quality and signify
the likelihood of the timely repayment of interest and the ultimate
payment of principal pursuant to their terms.


ABS Structure



An ABS is a financial instrument backed by a pledge of the issuing
entity's assets, typically issued in classes or tranches of
declining seniority. This CNH Equipment Trust 2014-B securitization
involves underlying collateral of fixed-rate installment sale
contracts and retail installment loans, backed by agricultural or
construction equipment. The contract value of the collateral
amounted to nearly $1.04 billion as of Apr 30.



Discounted at 4%, the collateral value is equivalent to the
cumulative volume of the issuance, which is around $999.6 million.
The subordination of the B tranche provides a credit enhancement to
the Class A notes of the ABS structure.


Ratings Rationale & Outlook    



The strong ratings by Moody's reflect the first-rate quality of the
underlying collateral pool, the strength of the ABS structure, and
the experience and proficiency of the ABS servicer, New Holland
Credit Company, LLC.



In addition, there is an initial 4.50% hard credit enhancement
behind the Class A notes, consisting of a spread account and
subordination. Credit enhancements improve the credit quality and
ratings assigned to the notes.



The notes could receive an upgrade in case the issuer provides
better credit protection to investors by way of enhancements.
Robust macroeconomic performance and improved agricultural markets,
being major drivers of performance of the collateral, might also
lead to an upgrade.



CNH Industrial presently holds a Zacks rank #3 (Hold). Notable
stocks in the sector that look promising include
Cooper Tire & Rubber Co.

(
CTB

),
Fox Factory Holding Corp

(
FOXF

) and
Gentherm Incorporated

(
THRM

). Each of these stocks holds a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy).



Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research?
Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.
Click to get this free report


COOPER TIRE (CTB): Free Stock Analysis Report


GENTHERM INC (THRM): Free Stock Analysis Report


FOX FACTORY HLD (FOXF): Free Stock Analysis
Report


CNH INDUSTRIAL (CNHI): Free Stock Analysis
Report


To read this article on Zacks.com click here.


Zacks Investment
Research



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Business                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        CTB
                                    
, 

                                        THRM
                                    
, 

                                        FOXF
                                    
, 

                                        CNHI
                                    












More from Zacks.com



Subscribe





Why Is Cooper Tire & Rubber (CTB) Down 7.8% Since the Last Earnings Report?
New Strong Sell Stocks for May 4th
Cooper Tire (CTB) Q1 Earnings & Revenues Miss Estimates














Related Business Articles




Subscribe







3 Must-Haves When Choosing Your Business Bank


						7/27/2017 09:26 AM
					



Social Media Marketing In The Blockchain Era


						7/26/2017 09:50 AM
					



5 Accounting Tips For Every Small Business


						7/25/2017 09:48 AM
					














Contributor:Zacks.com
Equity Research



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





CTB








89%



Rate It





THRM








67%



Rate It





FOXF








100%



Rate It





CNHI








0%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX



















































CNH Industrial's (CNHI) Note Issue Rated by Moody's - Analyst Blog - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































CNH Industrial's (CNHI) Note Issue Rated by Moody's - Analyst Blog


May 05, 2015, 06:49:00 PM EDT
By Zacks Equity Research, Zacks.com









































Shutterstock photo



Moody's Investors Service, a leading credit rating agency,
assigned provisional ratings to the notes to be issued by CNH
Equipment Trust 2015-B (CNH 2015-B), the debt issuing entity
of 
CNH Industrial N.V.
CNHI

, a premier global manufacturer in the capital goods sector. The
notes will be sponsored by CNH Industrial Capital America LLC, an
affiliate of CNH Industrial.
This CNH Equipment Trust 2014-B securitization involves
underlying collateral of U.S. retail installment contracts and
loans, backed by new or used agricultural equipment.
CNH Industrial's equipment lease securitization consists of five
tranches of A notes and one tranche of B notes. The Class A notes
have been assigned a rating of Aaa, which is awarded to securities
of the highest quality with the lowest level of credit risk.
In addition, its Class A-1 notes have received a P-1 rating,
indicating a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations.
The Class B notes have been assigned an A2 rating, and are subject
to low credit risk.
The ratings of the notes address their credit quality and
signify the likelihood of the timely repayment of interest and the
ultimate payment of principal pursuant to their terms.
The strong ratings by Moody's reflect the first-rate quality of
the underlying collateral pool, the strength of the ABS structure,
and the experience and proficiency of the ABS servicer, New Holland
Credit Company, LLC.
In addition, there is an initial 4.50% hard credit enhancement
behind the Class A notes, consisting of a spread account and
subordination. Credit enhancements improve the credit quality and
ratings assigned to the notes. The subordination of the B tranche
provides a credit enhancement to the Class A notes of the
structure.
The notes could receive an upgrade in case the issuer provides
better credit protection to investors by way of enhancements.
Robust macroeconomic performance and improved agricultural markets,
being major drivers of performance of the collateral, might also
lead to an upgrade.
CNH Industrial presently holds a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell).
Better-ranked stocks in the sector that look promising include
Daimler AG
DDAIF

, AB Volvo
VOLVY

and Cooper Tire & Rubber Co.
CTB

, each holding a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).


Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research?
Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.
Click to get this free report


CNH INDUSTRIAL (CNHI): Free Stock Analysis
Report


DAIMLER AG (DDAIF): Free Stock Analysis Report


COOPER TIRE (CTB): Free Stock Analysis Report


VOLVO AB ADR B (VOLVY): Free Stock Analysis
Report


To read this article on Zacks.com click here.


Zacks Investment
Research



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Business                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        CNHI
                                    
, 

                                        DDAIF
                                    
, 

                                        CTB
                                    
, 

                                        VOLVY
                                    












More from Zacks.com



Subscribe





Chile's national fire brigade to receive 100 fire engines from Magirus
CNH Industrial 2017 second quarter revenues up 3% to $6.9 billion, net income at $247 million, with adjusted net income(2)(3) up 23% to $266 million or $0.19 per share. Net industrial debt at $2.1 billion
Magirus Delivers 100 Fire Engines to the Junta Nacional de Bomberos de Chile














Related Business Articles




Subscribe







3 Must-Haves When Choosing Your Business Bank


						7/27/2017 09:26 AM
					



Social Media Marketing In The Blockchain Era


						7/26/2017 09:50 AM
					



5 Accounting Tips For Every Small Business


						7/25/2017 09:48 AM
					














Contributor:Zacks.com
Equity Research



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





CNHI








0%



Rate It





CTB








89%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































