

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-c Purchase Agreement - Trust Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Trust Agreement     > CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2015-C PURCHASE AGREEMENT

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-c Purchase Agreement
Trust Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Trust Agreement involves CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC | CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA LLC. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2015-C PURCHASE AGREEMENT Governing Law: New York      Date: 8/17/2015 Law Firm: Greenberg Traurig      









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










Exhibit 4.4
 

CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2015-C
PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 

between
 

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA
LLC
 

and
 

CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES
LLC
 

Dated as of August 1,
2015
 






 

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 




ARTICLE I CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS


1





 


 





Section 1.1.


Definitions


1





Section 1.2.


Other Definitional Provisions


1




 


 


 





ARTICLE II CONVEYANCE OF
RECEIVABLES


2





 


 





Section 2.1.


Conveyance of Purchased Contracts


2





Section 2.2.


[Reserved]


3





Section 2.3.


Intention of the Parties


3





Section 2.4.


The Closing


4





Section 2.5.


Payment of the Purchase Price


4





Section 2.6.


Cross-Collateralization


4




 


 


 





ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES


4





 


 





Section 3.1.


Representations and Warranties of
CNHCR


4





Section 3.2.


Representations and Warranties of
CNHICA


5




 


 


 





ARTICLE IV
CONDITIONS


10




 


 


 





Section 4.1.


Conditions to Obligation of CNHCR


10





Section 4.2.


Conditions to Obligation of
CNHICA


11




 


 


 





ARTICLE V COVENANTS OF
CNHICA


12





 


 





Section 5.1.


Protection of Right, Title and
Interest


12





Section 5.2.


Other Liens or Interests


12





Section 5.3.


Jurisdiction of Organization


13





Section 5.4.


Costs and Expenses


13





Section 5.5.


Indemnification


13





Section 5.6.


[Reserved]


13





Section 5.7.


Cross-Collateralization


13




 


 


 





ARTICLE VI MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS


14





 


 





Section 6.1.


Obligations of CNHICA


14





Section 6.2.


Repurchase Events


14





Section 6.3.


CNHCR Assignment of Repurchased
Receivables


14





Section 6.4.


Trust


14





Section 6.5.


Amendment


14





Section 6.6.


[Reserved.]


15





Section 6.7.


Waivers


15





Section 6.8.


Notices


15





Section 6.9.


Costs and Expenses


16





Section 6.10.


Representations of CNHICA and
CNHCR


16





Section 6.11.


Confidential Information


16





Section 6.12.


Headings and Cross-References


16





Section 6.13.


Governing Law


16



 





 




Section 6.14.


Counterparts


16





Section 6.15.


Severability


16





Section 6.16.


Information Requests


16




 
 
EXHIBITS
 
EXHIBIT A                                                              
Form of CNHICA
Assignment
 
SCHEDULES
 
SCHEDULE P                                                  
Perfection Representation and
Warranties
 
ii 





 

PURCHASE AGREEMENT (as amended or
supplemented from time to time, this “Agreement”) dated
as of August 1, 2015, between CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“CNHICA”),
and CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (“CNHCR”).
 

RECITALS
 

WHEREAS , CNHICA and CNHCR wish to set forth the terms
pursuant to which Contracts having an aggregate Contract Value of
approximately $234,351,535.76 and identified on Schedule A to
the CNHICA Assignment (the “Purchased Contracts”) as of
the Cutoff Date are to be sold by CNHICA to CNHCR on the date
hereof; and
 

WHEREAS , CNHCR, as of the Cutoff Date, owned Contracts
previously purchased from CNHICA pursuant to an Amended and
Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of
December 15, 2000 (as amended from time to time, the
“Liquidity Receivables Purchase Agreement”) between
CNHICA and CNHCR, having an aggregate Contract Value of
approximately $515,648,856.23 and identified on Schedule A to the
Assignment (the “Owned Contracts”, and together with
the Purchased Contracts, the “Receivables”);
and
 

WHEREAS , the Receivables will be transferred by CNHCR,
pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, to CNH Equipment
Trust 2015-C (the “Trust”), which Trust will issue
Certificates representing non-assessable, fully paid, undivided
beneficial interests in, and Notes collateralized by, the
Receivables and the other property of the Trust; and
 

WHEREAS , CNHICA and CNHCR wish to set forth herein
certain representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities of
CNHICA with respect to the Receivables for the benefit of CNHCR,
the Trust, the Noteholders and the Certificateholders.
 

NOW, THEREFORE
, in consideration of the foregoing,
other good and valuable consideration and the mutual terms and
covenants contained herein the parties hereto agree as
follows:
 

ARTICLE I
 

CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS
 

Section 1.1.
                                                             
Definitions
.  Capitalized terms used
herein and not otherwise defined herein are defined in Appendix A
to the Indenture dated as of the date hereof between CNH Equipment
Trust 2015-C and Citibank, N.A., as Indenture Trustee.
 

Section 1.2.
                                                             
Other Definitional
Provisions .
 

(a)                                 
All terms defined in this Agreement
shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or
other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise
defined therein.
 

(b)                                 
As used in this Agreement and in any
certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto,
accounting terms not defined in this Agreement or in any
such
 





 
certificate or other document, and accounting
terms partly defined in this Agreement or in any such certificate
or other document to the extent not defined, shall have the
respective meanings given to them under generally accepted
accounting principles as in effect on the date hereof.  To the
extent that the definitions of accounting terms in this Agreement
or in any such certificate or other document are inconsistent with
the meanings of such terms under generally accepted accounting
principles, the definitions contained in this Agreement or in any
such certificate or other document shall control.
 

(c)                                  
The words “hereof”,
“herein”, “hereunder” and words of similar
import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as
a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement;
Section, Schedule and Exhibit references contained in this
Agreement are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or
to this Agreement unless otherwise specified; and the term
“including” shall mean “including, without
limitation,”.
 

(d)                                 
The definitions contained in this
Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural
forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine
and neuter genders of such terms.
 

(e)                                  
References to any law or regulation
refer to that law or regulation as amended from time to time and
include any successor law or regulation.
 

(f)                                   
References to any agreement refer to
that agreement as from time to time amended or supplemented or as
the terms of such agreement are waived or modified in accordance
with its terms.
 

(g)                                  
References to any Person include
that Person’s successors and assigns.
 

ARTICLE II
 

CONVEYANCE OF
RECEIVABLES
 

Section 2.1.
                                                             
Conveyance of Purchased
Contracts .  In
consideration of CNHCR’s payment of $234,351,535.76 (the
“Purchase Price”) in the manner set out in
Section 2.5(a), and the other consideration (including the
terms and covenants) contained herein, CNHICA does hereby sell,
transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to CNHCR, without
recourse (subject to the obligations herein), all of its right,
title, interest in, to and under (collectively, the “CNHICA
Assets”):
 

(i)                                     
the Purchased Contracts and the
Owned Contracts, including all documents constituting chattel paper
included therewith, and all obligations of the Obligors thereunder,
including all monies paid thereunder on or after the Cutoff
Date;
 

(ii)                                  
the security interests in the
Financed Equipment granted by Obligors pursuant to the Purchased
Contracts and the Owned Contracts and any other interest of CNHICA
in such Financed Equipment;
 
2 





 

(iii)                               
any proceeds with respect to the
Purchased Contracts and the Owned Contracts from claims on
insurance policies covering Financed Equipment or Obligors (to the
extent not used to purchase Substitute Equipment);
 

(iv)                              
any proceeds from recourse to
Dealers with respect to the Purchased Contracts and the Owned
Contracts;
 

(v)                                 
any Financed Equipment that shall
have secured the Purchased Contracts and the Owned Contracts and
that shall have been acquired by or on behalf of CNHCR;
and
 

(vi)                              
the proceeds of any and all of the
foregoing.
 
Insofar as the grant above relates to Owned
Contracts and related property, it is made for administrative
convenience and is not intended to derogate from the prior
conveyance of the Owned Contracts and related property pursuant to
the Liquidity Receivables Purchase Agreement.  The parties to
this Agreement acknowledge and agree that, except as set
forth in Section 5.5 of this Agreement, the sole
remedy for any breach of any representation or warranty made by
CNHICA to CNHCR at any time as to the Owned
Contracts and related property will be the repurchase
obligation of CNHICA set forth in Section 6.2 of this
Agreement.
 

Section 2.2.
                                                             
[Reserved]
.
 

Section 2.3.
                                                             
Intention of the
Parties .  The
parties to this Agreement intend that the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be, and shall be treated as, a purchase by CNHCR and a
sale by CNHICA of the Receivables and not as a lending transaction,
such that in the event of a filing of a petition for relief by or
against CNHICA under the Bankruptcy Code, (i) such Receivables
would not be property of CNHICA’s bankruptcy estate under
Section 541 of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) the bankruptcy
court would not compel the turnover of such Receivables or
collections thereon by CNHCR to CNHICA under Section 542 of
the Bankruptcy Code, and (iii) the bankruptcy court would
determine that payments on such Receivables not in the possession
of CNHICA would not be subject to the automatic stay provisions of
Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code imposed upon the
commencement of CNHICA’s bankruptcy case.  The foregoing
sale, assignment, transfer and conveyance does not constitute, and
is not intended to result in a creation or assumption by CNHCR of,
any obligation or liability with respect to any Receivables, nor
shall CNHCR be obligated to perform or otherwise be responsible for
any obligation of CNHICA or any other Person in connection with the
Receivables or under any agreement or instrument relating thereto,
including any contract or any other obligation to any
Obligor.  If (but only to the extent that) the transfer of the
Assets hereunder is characterized by a court or other governmental
authority as a loan rather than a sale, CNHICA shall be deemed
hereunder to have granted to CNHCR a security interest in all of
CNHICA’s right, title and interest in and to the
Assets.  Such security interest shall secure all of
CNHICA’s obligations (monetary or otherwise) under this
Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it is a party,
whether now or hereafter existing or arising, due or to become due,
direct or indirect, absolute or contingent.  CNHCR shall have,
with respect to the property described in Section 2.1, and in
addition to all the other rights and remedies available to CNHCR
under this Agreement
 
3 





 
and applicable law, all the rights and remedies
of a secured party under any applicable UCC, and this Agreement
shall constitute a security agreement under applicable
law.
 

Section 2.4.
                                                             
The Closing
.  The sale and purchase of the
Purchased Contracts shall take place at a closing at the offices of
Greenberg Traurig, LLP, 77 West Wacker Drive, Suite 3100,
Chicago, Illinois 60601 on the Closing Date, simultaneously
with the closings under:  (a) the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, (b) the Trust Agreement, (c) the
Administration Agreement and (d) the Indenture.
 

Section 2.5.
                                                             
Payment of the Purchase
Price .
 

(a)                                 
Purchased Contracts.
  The Purchase Price is payable
in cash in an amount of $234,351,535.76 on the Closing
Date.
 

Section 2.6.
                                                             
Cross-Collateralization
.  To the extent CNHICA retains
any interest in any item of Financed Equipment securing the
repayment of any Receivable, as a result of the related Obligor
agreeing to cross-collateralize all obligations owed by such
Obligor to CNHICA or otherwise, CNHICA acknowledges and agrees that
its interest in the Financed Equipment shall be expressly
subordinate and junior in priority to the repayment of all amounts
outstanding under such Receivable prior to becoming available to
pay any amount outstanding under any other obligation owed by such
Obligor to CNHICA.  CNHICA hereby represents, warrants and
covenants that NH Credit has not retained, and will not retain, any
interest in any item of Financed Equipment securing the repayment
of any Receivable, whether as a result of the related Obligor
agreeing to cross-collateralize obligations or
otherwise.
 

ARTICLE III
 

REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES
 

Section 3.1.
                                                             
Representations and Warranties
of CNHCR . 
CNHCR hereby represents and warrants to CNHICA as of the date
hereof and as of the Closing Date:
 

(a)                                 
Organization and Good
Standing.   CNHCR
has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited
liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware, with the power and authority to own its properties and to
conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and
such business is presently conducted, and had at all relevant
times, and has, the power and authority to acquire, own and sell
the Receivables.
 

(b)                                 
Due Qualification.
  CNHCR is duly qualified to do
business as a foreign limited liability company in good standing,
and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals, in all
jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or the
conduct of its business shall require such qualifications, except
where the failure to be so qualified and have such licenses and
approvals would not have a material adverse effect on (i) the
Trust Estate, (ii) CNHCR’s performance of its
obligations under the Basic Documents to which it is a party,
(iii) the business or condition (financial or otherwise) of
CNHCR or (iv) the validity or enforceability of any
Receivable.
 
4 





 

(c)                                  
Power and Authority.
  CNHCR has the power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out
its terms; and the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement have been duly authorized by CNHCR by all necessary
limited liability company action.
 

(d)                                 
Binding Obligation.
  This Agreement constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of CNHCR enforceable against
CNHCR in accordance with its terms.
 

(e)                                  
No Violation.
  The consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of
the terms hereof do not conflict with, result in any breach of any
of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without
notice or lapse of time) a default under, the certificate of
formation, limited liability company agreement or by-laws of CNHCR,
or any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which CNHCR is a
party or by which it is bound; or result in the creation or
imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the
terms of any such indenture, agreement or other instrument (other
than the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Indenture); or
violate any law or, to the best of CNHCR’s knowledge, any
order, rule or regulation applicable to CNHCR of any court or
of any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency or
other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over CNHCR
or its properties.
 

(f)                                   
No Proceedings.
  As of the date of the
Underwriting Agreement, the Preliminary Prospectus Date, Prospectus
Date and the Closing Date, there are no proceedings or
investigations pending or, to CNHCR’s knowledge, threatened
against CNHCR, before any court, regulatory body, administrative
agency or other tribunal or governmental instrumentality having
jurisdiction over CNHCR or its properties:  (i) asserting
the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, or (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that
might materially and adversely affect the performance by CNHCR of
its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this
Agreement or otherwise be material to the Noteholders, except as
otherwise may be described in the Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus.
 

Section 3.2.
                                                             
Representations and Warranties
of CNHICA .
 

(a)                                 
CNHICA hereby represents and
warrants to CNHCR as of the date hereof and as of the Closing
Date:
 

(i)                                     
Organization and Good
Standing.   CNHICA
has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited
liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware, with the power and authority to own its properties and to
conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and
such business is presently conducted, and had at all relevant
times, and has, the power and authority to acquire, own and sell
the Receivables.
 

(ii)                                  
Due Qualification.
  CNHICA is duly qualified to
do business as a foreign limited liability company in good
standing, and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals, in
all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or
the conduct of its
 
5 





 
business shall require such qualifications,
except where the failure to be so qualified and have such licenses
and approvals would not have a material adverse effect on
(a) the Trust Estate, (b) CNHICA’s performance of
its obligations under the Basic Documents to which it is a party,
(c) the business or condition (financial or otherwise) of
CNHICA or (d) the validity or enforceability of any
Receivable.
 

(iii)                               
Power and Authority.
  CNHICA has the power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out
its terms; CNHICA has full power and authority to sell and assign
the property to be sold and assigned to CNHCR hereby and has duly
authorized such sale and assignment to CNHCR by all necessary
limited liability company action; and the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by CNHICA
by all necessary limited liability company action.
 

(iv)                              
Binding Obligation.
  This Agreement constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of CNHICA enforceable against
CNHICA in accordance with its terms.
 

(v)                                 
No Violation.
  The consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of
the terms hereof do not conflict with, result in any breach of any
of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without
notice or lapse of time) a default under, the certificate of
formation, by-laws or limited liability company agreement of
CNHICA, or any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which
CNHICA is a party or by which it is bound; or result in the
creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties
pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement or other
instrument (other than this Agreement); or violate any law or, to
the best of CNHICA’s knowledge, any order, rule or
regulation applicable to CNHICA of any court or of any federal or
state regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental
instrumentality having jurisdiction over CNHICA or its
properties.
 

(vi)                              
No Proceedings.
  There are no proceedings or
investigations pending or, to CNHICA’s best knowledge,
threatened, before any court, regulatory body, administrative
agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction
over CNHICA or its properties:  (A) asserting the
invalidity of this Agreement, (B) seeking to prevent the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, or (C) seeking any determination or ruling that
could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the
performance by CNHICA of its obligations under, or the validity or
enforceability of, this Agreement.  As of the date of the
Underwriting Agreement, Preliminary Prospectus Date, Prospectus
Date and the Closing Date, there are no legal proceedings pending
against CNHICA, or of which any property of CNHICA is subject, that
are material to the Noteholders, and no such legal proceedings are
known to CNHICA to be contemplated by any governmental
authority.
 

(b)                                 
CNHICA makes the following
representations and warranties as to the Receivables on which CNHCR
relies in accepting the Receivables and in transferring the
Receivables to the Trust.  Such representations and warranties
speak as of the Closing Date, but shall survive the sale, transfer
and assignment of the Receivables to CNHCR and the
subsequent
 
6 





 
assignment and transfer of such Receivables to
the Trust pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the
Grant to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the
Indenture:
 

(i)                                     
Characteristics of
Receivables.   Each
Receivable is a Retail Installment Contract and: 
(A) (1) (i) was originated in the United States of
America by a Dealer in connection with the retail sale of Financed
Equipment in the ordinary course of such Dealer’s business,
and (ii) was purchased by CNHICA from a Dealer and validly
assigned by such Dealer to CNHICA in accordance with its terms,
except that some of the Receivables were purchased by NH Credit
from Dealers (after being originated as provided above),
securitized in a previous CNH Equipment Trust and purchased by
CNHICA through the exercise of a clean-up call relating to that
previous securitization or (2) was originated in the United
States of America by CNHICA in connection with the financing or
refinancing, as applicable, of Financed Equipment in the ordinary
course of CNHICA’s business, and in the case of the foregoing
clauses (1) and (2), was fully and properly executed by the
parties thereto, (B) has created a valid, subsisting and
enforceable first priority security interest in the Financed
Equipment in favor of CNHICA except to the extent that such
security interest has been assigned by CNHICA to CNHCR, by CNHCR to
the Issuing Entity and by the Issuing Entity to the Indenture
Trustee, (C) contains customary and enforceable provisions
such that the rights and remedies of the holder thereof are
adequate for realization against the collateral of the benefits of
the security, and (D) provides for fixed payments on a
periodic basis that fully amortize the Amount Financed by maturity
and yield interest at the Annual Percentage Rate.
 

(ii)                                  
Schedule of Receivables; No
Adverse Selection of Receivables; Accuracy of Computer
Tape.   The
information set forth on Schedule A to the CNHICA Assignment
delivered on the Closing Date is true and correct in all material
respects as of the opening of business on the Cutoff Date.  No
selection procedures believed by CNHICA to be adverse to the
interests of the Trust, the Noteholders or the Certificateholders
were or will be utilized in selecting the Receivables.  The
computer tape regarding the Receivables made available to CNHCR and
its assigns is true and correct in all respects.
 

(iii)                               
Compliance with Law.
  Each Receivable and the sale
of the related Financed Equipment complied in all material respects
at the time it was originated or made and at the execution of this
Agreement with all requirements of applicable federal, state and
local laws and regulations thereunder, including usury law, the
Federal Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the
Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act,
the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act,
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s Regulations B and
Z, the Wisconsin Consumer Act and state adaptations of the National
Consumer Act and of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code, and other
consumer credit laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure
laws, in each case, to the extent applicable.
 

(iv)                              
Binding Obligation.
  Each Receivable represents
the genuine, legal, valid and binding payment obligation in writing
of the Obligor, enforceable by the holder thereof in accordance
with its terms.
 
7 






 

(v)          
No Government Obligor.   None of the Receivables is due
from the United States of America or any state or from any agency,
department or instrumentality of the United States of America or
any state.
 

(vi)         
Security Interest in Financed Equipment.   Immediately
prior to the sale, assignment and transfer thereof, each Receivable
shall be secured by a validly perfected first priority security
interest in the Financed Equipment in favor of CNHICA as secured
party or all necessary and appropriate actions have been commenced
that would result in the valid perfection of a first priority
security interest in the Financed Equipment in favor of CNHICA as
secured party.
 

(vii)        
Receivables in Force.   No Receivable has been
satisfied, subordinated or rescinded, nor has any Financed
Equipment been released from the Lien granted by the related
Receivable in whole or in part (other than with respect to
equipment released from a Lien in accordance with the Servicing
Procedures and replaced with Substitute Equipment).
 

(viii)       
No Amendment or Waiver.   No provision of a Receivable
has been waived, altered or modified in any respect, except
pursuant to a document, instrument or writing included in the
Receivable Files and no such amendment, waiver, alteration or
modification causes such Receivable not to conform to the other
warranties contained in this Section.
 

(ix)         
No Defenses.   No right of rescission, setoff,
counterclaim or defense has been asserted or threatened or exists
with respect to any Receivable.
 

(x)          
No Liens.   To the best of CNHICA’s knowledge, no
Liens or claims, including claims for work, labor or materials,
relating to any of the Financed Equipment have been filed that are
Liens prior to, or equal or coordinate with, the security interest
in the Financed Equipment granted by any Receivable, except those
pursuant to the Basic Documents.
 

(xi)         
No Default; Delinquency Limitations.   No Receivable is
a non-performing Receivable or has a payment that is more than 90
days overdue as of the Cutoff Date and, except for a payment
default continuing for a period of not more than 90 days, no
default, breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under
the terms of any Receivable has occurred and is continuing; and no
continuing condition (other than a payment default
contin


 








 























 

















Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C in Burr Ridge, IL - (630) 887-5451





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C



6900 Veterans Blvd
Burr Ridge, IL 60527






Contact:



Title:



Phone:


                        630-887-5451
                    



Website:







There are 

12
                Companies located at 6900 Veterans Blvd, Burr Ridge, IL 60527
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C is located in Burr Ridge, Illinois. This organization primarily operates in the Trusts, nec business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 2 years. Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C is estimated to generate $73,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Trusts, nec



Industry:

Trusts, nec




SIC Code:

6733











Name:
Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C


Year Founded:


2015






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 73,000



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 60527






Percentage Population



21,306
White
1,623
Hispanic
2,529
Black
3,512
Asian
115
Native American
31
Hawaiian
613
Other


77.5 %
White
5.9 %
Hispanic
9.2 %
Black
12.8 %
Asian
0.4 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
2.2 %
Other













Population




Population 
27,486




Female52.4%14,414


Male47.6%13,072




Median Age

44.7




Female45.9


Male43.1






























Questions & Answers









How big is Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C?





Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C is estimated to generate $73,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.







What is the phone number for Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C?





The phone number for Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C is (630) 887-5451







Are there other companies located at 6900 Veterans Blvd, Burr Ridge, IL?





There are 12 commercial tenants at 6900 Veterans Blvd, Burr Ridge, IL.









What are the annual sales for Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C?





Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C generates approximately $73,000 in annual sales.







Where is Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C located?





Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C is located at 6900 Veterans Blvd, Burr Ridge, IL 60527.







How long has Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C been in business?





Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C has been in business for approximately 2 years.







How many people work at Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C?





Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C has approximately 2 employees at this location.







Is there a key contact at Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C?





You can contact Cnh Equipment Trust 2015-C at (630) 887-5451










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 60527






Average House Value


                                $ 402,500
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 72,817
                            



Number of Households

11,219



Persons per Household

2.44













Number of Businesses

2,198



Number of Employees

16,930



Land Area (square miles)

14.479



Water Area (square miles)

0.362



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close





























CNH Equipment Trust 2015-C, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






CNH Equipment Trust 2015-C


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in CNH Equipment Trust 2015-C.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (33)
Industry: ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]CIK Number: 0001649934

CNH Equipment Trust 2015-C address6900 VETERANS BOULEVARDBURR RIDGE 60527
Earliest known filing
August 2015
Latest known filing
July 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
CNH Equipment Trust 2015-C has 33 filings. View CNH Equipment Trust 2015-C filings.
Annual Reports2017-03-29 - Annual report 1/20172016-03-29 - Annual report 1/2016
Latest company events2015-08-19 - Current report 2015-08-17 - Current report 2015-08-17 - Current report 
Similar companiesCNH WHOLESALE RECEIVABLES LLC, CNH WHOLESALE MASTER NOTE TRUST, CNH U.K. LTD, CNH Trade N.V., CNH RECEIVABLES INC, CNH PARTNERS LLC, CNH PARTNERS LLC, CNH MA I LTD, CNH International SA, CNH Industrial N.V., CNH Industrial Capital LLC, CNH Industrial Capital Canada Ltd, CNH Industrial Capital America LLC, CNH GLOBAL N V, CNH Equipment Trust 2017-B, CNH Equipment Trust 2017-A, CNH Equipment Trust 2016-C, CNH Equipment Trust 2016-B, CNH Equipment Trust 2016-A, CNH Equipment Trust 2015-B, CNH Equipment Trust 2015-A, CNH Equipment Trust 2014-C, CNH Equipment Trust 2014-B, CNH Equipment Trust 2014-A, CNH Equipment Trust 2013-D, CNH Equipment Trust 2013-C, CNH Equipment Trust 2013-B, CNH Equipment Trust 2013-A, CNH Equipment Trust 2012-D, CNH Equipment Trust 2012-C, CNH Equipment Trust 2012-B, CNH Equipment Trust 2012-A, CNH Equipment Trust 2011-C, CNH Equipment Trust 2011-B, CNH Equipment Trust 2011-A, CNH Equipment Trust 2010-C, CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2010-B, CNH Equipment Trust 2010-A, CNH Equipment Trust 2009-C, CNH Equipment Trust 2009-B, CNH Equipment Trust 2009-A, CNH Equipment Trust 2008-B, CNH Equipment Trust 2008-A, CNH Equipment Trust 2007-C, CNH Equipment Trust 2007-B, CNH Equipment Trust 2007-A, CNH Equipment Trust 2006-B, CNH Equipment Trust 2006-A, CNH Equipment Trust 2005-B, CNH Equipment Trust 2005-B














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about CNH Equipment Trust 2015-C. 





 



Fitch Rates CNH Equipment Trust 2015-C | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Rates CNH Equipment Trust 2015-C
    





August 19, 2015 03:12 PM Eastern Daylight Time



CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings assigns the following ratings to the CNH Equipment Trust 
      2015-C notes:
    

      --$160,000,000 class A-1 'F1+sf';
    

      --$129,000,000 class A-2a 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$129,000,000 class A-2b 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$238,000,000 class A-3 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$77,120,000 class A-4 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$16,880,000 class B 'A+sf'; Outlook Stable.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      High Agricultural Equipment (AG) Concentration: The 2015-C collateral 
      pool consists of 87% AG and 13% construction equipment (CO). While the 
      AG concentration is the lowest since 2008, the concentration remains 
      significantly higher than pre-2009 transactions. While AG equipment 
      historical losses have been low, the high concentration in the pool 
      limits diversification. However, geographic diversity, diversification 
      within the AG sector, and equipment versatility help mitigate the high 
      concentration.
    

      Consistent Collateral Concentrations: The pool contains 56% new 
      equipment, the highest since 2009. Additionally, the pool contains 64% 
      in annual pay contracts, slightly lower than recent transactions driven 
      by the decrease in AG.
    

      Sufficient Credit Enhancement: Credit enhancement (CE) for the 2015-C 
      transaction is consistent with the prior 11 transactions. Class A CE 
      remains at 4.50%, and class B CE remains at 2.25%. The available CE is 
      sufficient to support Fitch's 1.15% cumulative net loss (CNL) proxy.
    

      Quality Origination, Underwriting and Servicing: CNH Industrial Capital 
      has demonstrated adequate abilities as originator, underwriter and 
      servicer, as evidenced by historical delinquency and loss performance of 
      securitized trusts and the managed portfolio.
    

      Integrity of Legal Structure: The legal structure of the transaction 
      should provide that a bankruptcy of the trust would not impair the 
      timeliness of payments on the securities.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      Unanticipated increases in the frequency of defaults and loss severity 
      on defaulted receivables could produce loss levels higher than the base 
      case and could result in potential rating actions on the notes. Fitch 
      evaluated the sensitivity of the ratings to increased losses over the 
      life of the transaction. Fitch's analysis found that the notes display 
      limited sensitivity to increased defaults and losses, showing limited 
      impact on the rating of the notes under Fitch's moderate (1.5x base case 
      loss) scenario. The notes could experience downgrades of up to two 
      rating categories under Fitch's severe (2.5x base case loss) scenario.
    

      DUE DILIGENCE USAGE
    

      Additionally, Fitch was provided with third-party due diligence 
      information from Ernst & Young LLP. The third-party due diligence 
      focused on comparing or recalculating certain information with respect 
      to 184 receivables. Fitch considered this information in its analysis 
      and the findings did not have an impact on our analysis/conclusions. A 
      copy of the ABS Due Diligence Form-15E received by Fitch in connection 
      with this transaction may be obtained through the link contained on the 
      bottom of the related rating action commentary (RAC).
    

      Key Rating Drivers and Rating Sensitivities are further described in the 
      presale report dated Aug. 6, 2015. Fitch's analysis of the 
      Representations and Warranties (R&W) of this transaction can be found in 
      'CNH Equipment Trust 2015-C - Appendix'. These R&Ws are compared to 
      those of typical R&W for the asset class as detailed in the special 
      report 'Representations, Warranties, and Enforcement Mechanisms in 
      Global Structured Finance Transactions' dated June 12, 2015.
    

      Key Rating Drivers and Rating Sensitivities are further described in the 
      accompanying presale report, available at 'www.fitchratings.com' 
      or by clicking on the link.
    

      Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.
    

      Applicable Criteria
    

      Counterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds (pub. 14 
      May 2014)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=744158


      Criteria for Interest Rate Stresses in Structured Finance Transactions 
      and Covered Bonds (pub. 19 Dec 2014)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=838868


      Criteria for Rating U.S. Equipment Lease and Loan ABS (pub. 23 Dec 2014)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=830328


      Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 06 Jul 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=867952


      Related Research
    

      CNH Equipment Trust 2015-C -- Appendix
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=869444


      Additional Disclosures
    

      Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=989681


      ABS Due Diligence Form 15E 1 https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf15E_frame.cfm?pr_id=989681&flm_nm=15e_989681_1.pdf


      Solicitation Status
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=989681


      Endorsement Policy
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTP://FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF CONDUCT' SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystThomas Kaiser, CPAAssociate 
      Director+1-312-368-3338Fitch Ratings, Inc.70 W Madison 
      StreetChicago, IL 60602orSecondary AnalystAndrew 
      TinariAnalyst+1-312-368-3127orCommittee 
      ChairpersonHylton HeardSenior Director+1-212-908-0214orMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, New York, +1 212-908-0278Email: sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com













Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystThomas Kaiser, CPAAssociate 
      Director+1-312-368-3338Fitch Ratings, Inc.70 W Madison 
      StreetChicago, IL 60602orSecondary AnalystAndrew 
      TinariAnalyst+1-312-368-3127orCommittee 
      ChairpersonHylton HeardSenior Director+1-212-908-0214orMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, New York, +1 212-908-0278Email: sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












 















CNH Equipment Trust 2015-A Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















CNH Equipment Trust 2015-A

Moody's Org ID:724316512







Moody's Org ID:724316512

Market Segment:Structured Finance > ABS > Autos & Vehicles...>> > Trucks, Agricultural & Industrial Equipment <<







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to Auto ABS industry page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 11
Of 
        11


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
Sector In-Depth


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    27 Apr 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades agriculture and construction equipment ABS issued by CNH in US





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    02 Feb 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades agriculture and construction equipment ABS issued by CNH in US





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    29 Jul 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades agriculture and construction equipment ABS issued by CNH in US





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 May 2016
                

                    Sector In-Depth
                













                                    Agriculture Equipment ABS - US: Loan Losses and Delinquencies Rise on Reduced Farm Incomes





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Apr 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades agriculture and construction equipment ABS issued by CNH in US





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Nov 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades agriculture and construction equipment ABS issued by CNH in US





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    04 Mar 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns definitive ratings to CNH Equipment Trust 2015-A securitization





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    04 Mar 2015
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    CNH Equipment Trust 2015-A Deal v1.1 Compared To Equipment Loan-Lease v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Feb 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns provisional ratings to CNH Equipment Trust 2015-A securitization





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Feb 2015
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    CNH Equipment Trust 2015-A





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Feb 2015
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    CNH Equipment Trust 2015-A Deal v1.0 Compared To Equipment Loan-Lease v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 11
Of 
        11


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay



























































































