

	COHEROHEALTH Trademark of COHERO HEALTH, INC.. Serial Number: 86110096 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
COHEROHEALTH










 
Get FREE email alerts













COHEROHEALTH  Trademark Information
 COHERO HEALTH, INC.
Electronic communications systems comprised of computer hardware and downloadable mobile applications for the transmission of consumer medication adherence data to the user who has been prescribed to take the medication




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
electronic   communications   systems   comprised   hardware   downloadable   mobile   applications   transmission   consumer   medication   adherence   data   user   prescribed   medication    
                                    




This is a brand page for the COHEROHEALTH trademark by COHERO HEALTH, INC. 
                                in NEW YORK, NY, 10017.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this COHEROHEALTH trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner COHERO HEALTH, INC. of the COHEROHEALTH trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the COHEROHEALTH trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, November 05, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        COHEROHEALTH by 
                        COHERO HEALTH, INC., NEW YORK, NY  10017.
                        The USPTO has given the COHEROHEALTH 
                        trademark serial  number of  86110096.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for COHEROHEALTH is 
                        
                        
                                            Jessica M. Garrett of 
                                            Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP,  575 Madison Avenue, New York NY 10022 
                                .
                            The COHEROHEALTH trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for COHEROHEALTH 
                            is Electronic communications systems comprised of computer hardware and downloadable mobile applications for the transmission of consumer medication adherence data to the user who has been prescribed to take the medication. 
                            





Word mark:
 COHEROHEALTH


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

2/16/2016



  Serial Number:  
86110096


  Filing Date:  
11/5/2013


 Registration Number:  
4902330 


 Registration Date:  
2/16/2016


 Goods and Services: 
Electronic communications systems comprised of computer hardware and downloadable mobile applications for the transmission of consumer medication adherence data to the user who has been prescribed to take the medication


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/1/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

COHERO HEALTH, INC.NEW YORK, NY  10017
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("HEALTH")


 Correspondent:


Jessica M. Garrett
Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP
575 Madison Avenue
New York NY 10022






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
10/1/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
10/1/2013





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your COHEROHEALTH trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

2/16/2016
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Jessica M. Garrett


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of COHEROHEALTH trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search coherohealth on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for COHEROHEALTH 




COHEROHEALTH is providing Electronic communications systems comprised of computer hardware and downloadable mobile applications for the transmission of consumer medication adherence data to the user who has been prescribed to take the medication.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













Cohero Health Oversubscribes Series A 
































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Cohero Health Oversubscribes Series A



Share Article

















Strategic investment from Samsung NEXT and Omron Healthcare, Co., Ltd made to evolve commercialization of BreatheSmart






New York, NY (PRWEB)
March 16, 2017
 Cohero Health Inc., a digital health company that has established leading connected health tools and technologies to empower respiratory patients and improve care through smart mobile devices, announced the addition of strategic investors Samsung NEXT and Omron Healthcare to oversubscribe their Series A round.  
The company originally announced its $9M Series A in late 2016 but elected to allow for the investment of additional strategic capital.   The supplementary funds will be utilized to expand BreatheSmart, the leading respiratory disease management platform that uniquely enables tracking of both controller and rescue medications, along with clinically accurate lung function measurement, in real-time.  The commitment from Samsung NEXT and Omron Healthcare will support broader commercialization of the hardware and software that make up the comprehensive pulmonary care platform.
“BreatheSmart from Cohero Health provides both connected hardware and software as an integrated platform, with a high attention to usability – this is no easy feat. We are especially impressed with how the team developed their range of mobile spirometers, which required significant work around manufacturing, clinical efficacy and regulatory approval,” said Amit Garg, Principal at Samsung NEXT.  “We are looking into how healthtech startups can use software and services to make a disruptive impact into chronic disease management. Cohero Health has created a great solution for respiratory care, tackling the opportunity to help 50M Americans and 300M worldwide who suffer from asthma and COPD.”
Kenji Eda, Executive Officer at Omron Healthcare stated, “Our goal is to ensure that every respiratory patient is empowered to take control of their health, and to prevent avoidable hospital and emergency room visits as a result of uncontrolled respiratory issues.” Omron’s investment signals our confidence in the power of BreatheSmart to positively impact patient health.  Eda added, “We believe that there is a huge opportunity for Cohero Health and Omron Healthcare to collaborate on the introduction of new products and services linked to BreatheSmart, giving patients and healthcare providers deeper insight into patient health, and reducing the risk of future negative events.” 
As evidenced by its over 25 commercial deployments reaching over 1 million covered lives, Cohero Health remains committed to diversifying its suite of hardware and bolstering its software solutions to drive improved outcomes and cost savings for the entire respiratory stakeholder community.  The addition of Samsung NEXT and Omron Healthcare will allow for further product development and differentiation across the platform. 
“Samsung NEXT and Omron Healthcare support our mission to improve respiratory care through smart mobile devices.  These leading technology companies have the scale and expertise that are invaluable to early stage companies like ours.  We see significant benefit in partnering with well established organizations such as Samsung and Omron Healthcare, while we remain focused on achieving platform scalability through interoperability and effective respiratory stakeholder collaboration,” said Melissa Manice, Co-Founder and CEO of Cohero Health.    
About Cohero Health, Inc.
Cohero Health is a digital health company developing innovative tools and technologies to improve respiratory care, reduce avoidable costs, and optimize medication utilization. The company’s connected devices and mobile applications actively engage and empower respiratory patients by measuring lung function and tracking adherence.  Based in New York City, the company has raised over $14 million in venture funding, by investors including Three Leaf Ventures, Zaffre Investments (the investment arm of Blue Cross, Blue Shield of Massachusetts), Omron Healthcare, Samsung NEXT, Guardian Life Insurance and StartUp Health.
coherohealth.com   |   info(at)coherohealth(dot)com   |   @coherohealth
About Omron Healthcare, Co., Ltd.
Omron Healthcare, Co., Ltd is a leading manufacturer and distributor of personal wellness products. Omron’s market-leading products include home blood pressure monitors and electrotherapy devices. Since Omron invented its first blood pressure monitors nearly 40 years ago, the company has been passionate about empowering people to take charge of their health at home through precise technology. Helping people improve their ability to live a healthier life is the heart and soul of Omron’s purpose. For more information, visit OmronHealthcare.com



Share article on social media or email:









View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Melissa Manice
Cohero Health +1 (917) 363-5408
				Email >
			Mike Marett
Cohero Health(917) 509-5011
				Email >
			
@coherohealthsince: 05/2012
				Follow >
			


									Visit website
								


Media







News Center













 




Cohero Health Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























cohero health inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Cohero Health, Inc. designs and develops software solutions. The Company offers hardware and software for tracking medication and lung function. Cohero Health serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.coherohealth.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
















































Cohero Health














We’re passionate about respiratory health and technology.

              Our team of technologists, doctors, designers, and clinicians is on a mission to transform respiratory disease management through smart mobile technology.
            












We’re passionate about respiratory health and technology.





              Our team of technologists, doctors, designers, and clinicians is on a mission to transform respiratory disease management through smart mobile technology.
            









We’re passionate about respiratory health and technology.









                  Our team of technologists, doctors, designers, and clinicians is on a mission to transform respiratory disease management through smart mobile technology.
                

















Get to know our team.








Joe Condurso
CEO

Read Bio




Mr. Condurso has more than 30 years of experience across the medical and information technology and services industry.  Joe is an accomplished global executive with a successful track record for innovating and commercializing game changing medical devices, clinical information systems, mobile health solutions and telemedicine services within public, venture, and development stage organizations.
              

              He has led rapid revenue growth, successful complex business turnarounds, M&A, and licensing, and strategic capital raises.  He’s served as Chairman and CEO of a Series C stage business and the cofounder of three technology ventures.  Early in his career he held positions with P&L responsibility and executive leadership at Fortune top 20 companies including: Motorola, Cardinal Health and CareFusion.
            


Close











Melissa Manice
President, Co-Founder

Read Bio




Melissa Manice spent a decade researching obstacles respiratory disease management and holds a PhD in Clinical and Translational Research from Mount Sinai.
              
              Melissa jumped into the technology space to create solutions for patient health, after spending so long studying the challenges.
            


Close











Daniel Weinstein
COO, Co-Founder

Read Bio





              Dan Weinstein holds an MBA in Health Sector Management from Duke University and a BA in the biological basis of behavior from the University of Pennsylvania.
              
              He commercialized new technologies at Stanford University’s Office of Technology Licensing where he helped to launch two successful startups.
              
              Dan and Melissa met while working in at Mount Sinai Hospital.
            


Close












Anne Tam
Senior Clinical Project Manager

Read Bio





              With over 10+ years managing experience in clinical research at academic medical centers in the US, Anne joined Cohero in 2016 to manage the clinical projects team and oversee Cohero research nationwide.
                Anne holds a BS, MPH from the University of Massachusetts.
                
                A New York City native, Anne is a travel and culinary enthusiast.
            


Close











Barak Poker
VP of Software & Product

Read Bio





              Barak started his career by developing flight navigation software for the FAA after getting a degree in Physics with a minor in Math and Computer Science from the University of Maryland.

                  Since then he has moved to New York and accumulated over 15 years of experience in software and product development.

                  He is extremely passionate about healthcare innovation.

                  Barak now lives in Brooklyn, New York.
            


Close











Anna Cushing
Clinical Project Manager

Read Bio





              Anna joined Cohero in 2014 and has taken on multiple roles in clinical project management and research study design.

              Anna holds a BSE in Biomedical Computation from Stanford University and is a soon-to-be MD graduate in 2017 from Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai.

              Anna is passionate about the intersection of patient care improvement and technology innovation and is excited to join the next generation of physician entrepreneurs.
            


Close











Emilie Melvin
Business Development Manager

Read Bio





              With a background in clinical and basic science research, Emilie joined Cohero to lead business development and work with the clinical projects team. She is passionate about healthcare innovation and the impact that technologies like Cohero's can have for patients worldwide.
              
               A 2016 graduate from Duke University, Emilie holds a BS in Evolutionary Anthropology with Chemistry and Global Health minors.
            


Close











Gabriel Miller-Phillips
Director of User Experience

Read Bio





              Gabriel joined Cohero in 2015 with a decade of experience in design, startups and the arts. He has a passion for crafting great experiences and helping people. 
              Gabriel holds a BA in American Studies from Columbia University, and a minor in music composition.
              Gabriel lives in NYC and Munich and spends his free time writing music, hiking, and improving his German.
            


Close










Learn about our investors and partners.

Our relationships bring healthcare and technology together, empowering pulmonary patients, and the many stakeholders that support the respiratory community.


















.

Interested in our products? Let’s get started.
What can we help you with?
 Try products 
Send message


Great. Would you be okay to try products as part of a clinical study?
Yes
No
Back


What’s your name?

What's your email?

What's your message.

Send
Back


Sorry. Right now, our products are only available through a healthcare provider or to patients in clinical studies.

Start over



















Cohero Health | built by DBC |





























































Subscribe to the DBC Newsletter






Newsletter, check! Coming to you soon!








brand design + implementation for high growth companies
branding focus areasgrowth orgsmature orgsfor startupsthe public sectornon-profits




















Brand Design and Consulting for Growth Organizations





































Cohero's Old Logo

Cohero Health was at a crossroads. To appeal to to a wider audience (they were focused on pediatric respiratory health), they needed to rebrand. Urgently. 










Cohero Grows Up

The next identity is more evocative of what they do now. The square brackets represent togetherness and the absolute value (positive) that Cohero brings to patients who use them.The colors are breathe (pun intended) care and a bright spot in so many lives.










Look at the cool things the identity is on!

The logo is highly modular, and pieces of it were used throughout the identity. The plus suggests a positive change, and an advanced technology product.










All these devices!

The logo made it throughout the devices.










Throw in some minimalist packaging









And a cool website









Plus a simple brandmark to remember

(See what we did there?)












































































1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11




























































































Cohero Health














At Cohero Health, we're transforming  respiratory care through smart mobile devices.
















At Cohero Health, we’re transforming respiratory care through smart mobile devices.






































Build better habits, and keep your care provider in the loop.















Track.
Keep track of how often you use your medications, if you’re at risk, how open your lung airways are, and your lung metrics over time.












Engage.
Get reminders to take your medications, smart notifications, tips, and timely information.












Connect.
Share with your care provider in real-time, so your treatment is just right and always personal.











Build better habits, and keep your care provider in the loop.


Track.




               Keep track of how often you use your medications.
             




Engage.





               Get reminders to take your medications.
             




Connect.




               Share with your care provider in real-time.
             












Build better habits, and keep your care provider in the loop.


Track.




               Keep track of how often you use your medications.
             




Engage.





               Get reminders to take your medications.
             




Connect.




               Share with your care provider in real-time.
             


















Introducing BreatheSmart

            Our platform comprises hardware and software that work seamlessly to keep you in the driver's seat of your respiratory health.
          

Learn More












Introducing BreatheSmart





            Our platform comprises hardware and software that work seamlessly to keep you in the driver's seat of your respiratory health.
          






Learn More








Introducing BreatheSmart



          Our platform comprises hardware and software that work seamlessly to keep you in the driver's seat of your respiratory health.
        





Learn More

















We're on a mission to improve respiratory care, the world over.


            We want the world to breathe smarter and live healthier. That’s why our global team works each day to create best-in-class, easy to use products to transform the lives of people with respiratory challenges.
          


Learn More









We're on a mission to improve respiratory care, the world over.





          We want the world to breathe smarter and live healthier. That’s why our global team works each day to create best-in-class, easy to use products to transform the lives of people with respiratory challenges.
        






Learn More








We're on a mission to improve respiratory care, the world over.



          We want the world to breathe smarter and live healthier. That’s why our global team works each day to create best-in-class, easy to use products to transform the lives of people with respiratory challenges.
        





Learn More













Hear from people breathing smarter each day.




                "The HeroTrackers have finally put me in control of my asthma."
                -Courtney, Texas
                



                “I really love BreatheSmart from Cohero Health. I am so grateful to be able to track my lung function and track my adherence.”
                - Kristen, Pennsylvania
                



                "BreatheSmart has changed my life! I don’t take my rescue inhaler as much and my life has improved dramatically."
                - Zach, New York
                




Learn More












Hear from people breathing  smarter each day.



            "The HeroTrackers have finally put me in control of my asthma."
            -Courtney, Texas
          








Learn More











Hear from people breathing smarter each day.









            "The HeroTrackers have finally put me in control of my asthma."
-Courtney, Texas






Learn More
















              Cohero Health in the news.
            











“I’m personally super eager to try this out and have signed up to be an early user.” 
- Megan Rose Dickey (Tech Crunch)






“Health tracking [isn’t] burdensome anymore.” 
- Christina Bonnington (Wired)






“Cohero, has access to doctors both for consulting on the product, and as a user base”
- Rebecca Greenfield (Fast Company)






"Cohero Health... aims to help kids with chronic asthma manage their condition."
- Irina Ivanova (Crain's)






“Investors may want to keep an eye on… Cohero Health”
- Kate Harrison (Forbes)






The Daily Startup: Late-Stage VCs Poised for Strong Fundraising
- Mike Billings (The Wall Street Journal)











Learn More















































































.

Interested in our products? Let’s get started.
What can we help you with?
 Try products 
Send message


Great. Would you be okay to try products as part of a clinical study?
Yes
No
Back


What’s your name?

What's your email?

What's your message.

Send
Back


Sorry. Right now, our products are only available through a healthcare provider or to patients in clinical studies.

Start over












H&T Group | Cohero Health





 

































 







Presspart










EmailFacebookGoogle+LinkedinTwitterYouTube
Home
Products

MDI Canisters

Canisters
Plasma Technology
Coatings
Other Precision Components


MDI Actuators

One Piece Actuators
Two Piece Actuators


eMDI

About the eMDI
eMDI Partnership


DPI – PowdAir Plus
Quantum Dose Indicator
Dispensing Actuators
Medical Dispenser Cups


Services

Quality
Regulatory Affairs
Tool Design
Project Management
Secondary Operations

Advanced Cleaning
Component Piercing
Deburring




Innovation
Manufacturing

Deep Drawing Process
Plastic Injection Moulding Process
Manufacturing Sites

Blackburn – England
Marsberg – Germany
Tarragona – Spain




Latest News
About us

History
Mission Statement
Sustainability
Location
Careers


Corporate

Heitkamp and Thumann Group
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Terms and Conditions of Sale


Contact us
MENUHome
Products
– MDI Canisters
– – Canisters
– – Plasma Technology
– – Coatings
– – Other Precision Components
– MDI Actuators
– – One Piece Actuators
– – Two Piece Actuators
– eMDI
– – About the eMDI
– – eMDI Partnership
– DPI – PowdAir Plus
– Quantum Dose Indicator
– Dispensing Actuators
– Medical Dispenser Cups
Services
– Quality
– Regulatory Affairs
– Tool Design
– Project Management
– Secondary Operations
– – Advanced Cleaning
– – Component Piercing
– – Deburring
Innovation
Manufacturing
– Deep Drawing Process
– Plastic Injection Moulding Process
– Manufacturing Sites
– – Blackburn – England
– – Marsberg – Germany
– – Tarragona – Spain
Latest News
About us
– History
– Mission Statement
– Sustainability
– Location
– Careers
Corporate
– Heitkamp and Thumann Group
– Privacy Policy
– Imprint
– Terms and Conditions of Sale
Contact us
November 4, 2016  by Chad Mayoh ·  
Heitkamp & Thumann Group makes strategic investment in Cohero Health

 


Düsseldorf, Germany – 4 November 2016 – The Heitkamp & Thumann Group, one of the world’s leading manufacturers of precision-formed metal and plastic components, has made a strategic investment in U.S.-based Cohero Health Inc.
Cohero Health is a leading player in the rapidly growing digital health market with a focus on digital management systems in respiratory care.
 “We are glad to have the Heitkamp & Thumann Group as an investor. This decision strengthens our existing successful partnership”, says Melissa Manice, Co-Founder and CEO of Cohero Health.
H&T Presspart, a division of the Heitkamp & Thumann Group and Cohero Health started collaborating on developing a connected inhaler for tracking and improving medication adherence over two years ago, and announced its completion in April 2016.
”Our partnership with Cohero Health allows us to provide our customers with innovative connected product solutions, helping them taking advantage of the great potential of the new era of Internet of Things”, explains Christian Diemer, CEO Heitkamp & Thumann Group.
 
About the Heitkamp & Thumann Group:
The Heitkamp & Thumann Group is a leading global partner for the development and supply of world-class precision-formed components in both metal and plastic. The family-owned group comprises more than 20 small and medium-sized enterprises located in 9 different countries and employing some 2.000 people.
Press Contact:
Nils Hubert, Director HR & Public Affairs | nils.hubert@ht-group.com | Phone: +49 171 8 111 819
About Cohero Health, Inc:
Cohero Health is a digital health company developing innovative tools and technologies to improve respiratory care, reduce avoidable costs, and optimize medication.  The company’s connected devices and mobile applications actively engage and empower respiratory patients by measuring lung function and tracking adherence.  Based in New York City, the company is a member of StartUp Health, Springboard Enterprises, and Grand Central Tech. The company’s platform has been used by pulmonary patients in over 25 commercial deployments reaching over 1M covered lives.
Press Contact:
Mike Marett | mike@coherohealth.com | Phone:  +1 917-509-5011

Latest News
Connectivity in Medical Technology Conference 2017H&T Presspart to present at the Connectivity in Medical technology Conference 2017
H&T … ...more25th Dry Powder Inhaler ConferenceH&T Presspart to present at the 25th Dry Powder Inhaler Conference
H&T Presspart, the … ...moreH&T Presspart and Hovione Technology Enter Dry Powder Inhalation PartnershipH&T Presspart and Hovione Technology Enter Dry Powder Inhalation Partnership
Dry Powder Inhaler … ...more
Latest Tweets





MDI CanistersOutput of MDI cans from Presspart’s manufacturing plants in Blackburn, England and Marsberg, Germany is around 450 million units per annum.
…read more

MDI ActuatorsThe Presspart range of one piece and two piece MDI Actuators offer innovative and integrated plastic solutions from the world-leading actuator supplier.
…read more

Dispenser ActuatorsWe understand the need to offer our customers an extensive range of dispenser actuators for various containers and valves across the pharmaceutical market.
…read more


 infoIPTCblognewsAbout PresspartAbout Presspart
Drawing on 42 years of success, Presspart Manufacturing Ltd has developed in to a World-leader of bespoke deep-drawn and injection moulded components, with manufacturing plants located across the Globe.
Presspart's ability to offer customers a unique service in toolmaking, design and development skills has been the foundation for more than four decades of successful … read more
Inhalation Product Technology Centre (IPTC)Inhalation Product Technology Centre (IPTC) from Presspart
Supporting the strategic projects of Presspart and our customers
Here at Presspart Manufacturing, we have further expanded our research and development capabilities with the introduction of an Inhalation Product Technology Centre (IPTC).
As the world’s leading manufacturer of components for metered dose inhalers, including MDI canisters … read more
What You Need to Know About Asthma (Infographic)Asthma is one of the most common conditions that affects people in the UK - and we're proud to be a part of the fight against this often debilitating disease.

But how widespread is asthma? What are the facts? … read more
Connectivity in Medical Technology Conference 2017H&T Presspart to present at the Connectivity in Medical technology Conference 2017
H&T Presspart, the world’s leading manufacturer of components for metered dose inhalers (MDIs), are pleased to announce they will be presenting at this year’s Connectivity in Medical Technology Conference on Thursday 22nd June.
The speech, on day 2 of the conference at 14.50pm, is entitled  ‘ Smart … read more



© Copyright Presspart Manufacturing Ltd. All Rights Reserved  |  Whitebirk Ind. Est. Blackburn, Lancashire, BB1 5RF United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)1254 582233    |   Site: www.imageworksltd.com
Privacy Policy | Imprint 












