

























Cohen Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in Buckeye Partners L.P. (BPL) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Buckeye Partners L.P.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Buckeye Partners L.P. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Navistar International Corporation (NYSE:NAV) Upgraded by BidaskClub to “Hold”
PPL Corporation (PPL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy”
Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) Stake Increased by Kempner Capital Management Inc.
Citigroup Inc. Analysts Give Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB) a $134.00 Price Target
Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. (NYSE:MMP) Upgraded to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Sidoti Lowers HSN, Inc. (HSNI) to Neutral
Infinera Corporation (INFN) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Strong Sell”
Syneron Medical Ltd. (ELOS) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Sell”
Cohen Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in Buckeye Partners L.P. (BPL)
Athene Holding Ltd. (ATH) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.06 Per Share
Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Oasis Petroleum (OAS)
Valmont Industries (NYSE:VMI) vs. Masco Corporation (MAS) Critical Analysis
Head to Head Comparison: Nustar GP Holdings (NSH) versus Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP)
YRC Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:YRCW) Forecasted to Post Q2 2018 Earnings of $0.84 Per Share
Flow International Corp (FLOW) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.49 Per Share
Provident Financial plc (PFG) Stock Rating Lowered by Numis Securities Ltd
Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given “Sell” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
Intu Properties PLC’s (INTU) Neutral Rating Reiterated at J P Morgan Chase & Co
BidaskClub Upgrades ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) to Sell


 


Cohen Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in Buckeye Partners L.P. (BPL)

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Cohen Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in Buckeye Partners L.P. (NYSE:BPL) by 6.0% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 93,384 shares of the pipeline company’s stock after buying an additional 5,250 shares during the period. Buckeye Partners L.P. comprises approximately 1.5% of Cohen Capital Management Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 25th largest position. Cohen Capital Management Inc. owned about 0.07% of Buckeye Partners L.P. worth $5,970,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in BPL. Bank of Montreal Can boosted its stake in shares of Buckeye Partners L.P. by 35.8% in the second quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 1,636,442 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $104,618,000 after buying an additional 431,040 shares in the last quarter. Chickasaw Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Buckeye Partners L.P. by 15.2% in the first quarter. Chickasaw Capital Management LLC now owns 3,189,567 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $218,677,000 after buying an additional 420,068 shares in the last quarter. Infrastructure Capital Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Buckeye Partners L.P. by 103.8% in the first quarter. Infrastructure Capital Advisors LLC now owns 472,652 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $32,405,000 after buying an additional 240,709 shares in the last quarter. Bank of America Corp DE boosted its stake in shares of Buckeye Partners L.P. by 6.6% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 3,471,008 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $237,973,000 after buying an additional 213,555 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Creative Planning boosted its stake in shares of Buckeye Partners L.P. by 14.6% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 1,133,117 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $77,687,000 after buying an additional 144,771 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 70.86% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Buckeye Partners L.P. alerts:



Shares of Buckeye Partners L.P. (NYSE:BPL) traded down 0.63% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $63.27. The company had a trading volume of 517,594 shares. Buckeye Partners L.P. has a 52 week low of $59.73 and a 52 week high of $73.98. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $63.33 and a 200-day moving average of $66.70. The company has a market capitalization of $8.89 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.24 and a beta of 1.11. 




Buckeye Partners L.P. (NYSE:BPL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The pipeline company reported $0.88 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.00 by $0.12. Buckeye Partners L.P. had a net margin of 15.36% and a return on equity of 12.03%. The company had revenue of $969.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $848.34 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.01 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 24.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that Buckeye Partners L.P. will post $3.93 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Cohen Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in Buckeye Partners L.P. (BPL)” was originally posted by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/cohen-capital-management-inc-raises-stake-in-buckeye-partners-l-p-bpl-updated.html. 
Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research cut Buckeye Partners L.P. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. BidaskClub raised Buckeye Partners L.P. from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, June 27th. Royal Bank Of Canada reissued a “hold” rating and set a $73.00 price objective on shares of Buckeye Partners L.P. in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Stifel Nicolaus raised Buckeye Partners L.P. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $74.00 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, May 15th. Finally, Guggenheim began coverage on Buckeye Partners L.P. in a report on Monday, April 17th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $72.00 price objective for the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $74.36.
In other news, SVP Todd J. Russo sold 3,280 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $67.00, for a total transaction of $219,760.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 14,106 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $945,102. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Robert A. Malecky sold 6,955 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.00, for a total value of $479,895.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 80,559 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,558,571. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.42% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
About Buckeye Partners L.P.
Buckeye Partners, L.P. (Buckeye) owns and operates a network of integrated assets providing midstream logistic solutions, primarily consisting of the transportation, storage, processing and marketing of liquid petroleum products. Its segments include Domestic Pipelines & Terminals, Global Marine Terminals and Merchant Services. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Buckeye Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Buckeye Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿




























Cohen Capital Management Inc. Has $7,265,000 Stake in Aetna Inc. (AET) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Aetna Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Aetna Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Torchmark Corporation (NYSE:TMK) Position Decreased by Creative Planning
General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) Shares Sold by Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX
NEXT Financial Group Inc Boosts Position in American Tower Corporation (REIT) (AMT)
Swedbank Sells 271,117 Shares of NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA)
Cohen Capital Management Inc. Has $7,265,000 Stake in Aetna Inc. (AET)
7,334 Shares in Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:AEIS) Acquired by NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V.
NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. Has $486,000 Stake in Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS)
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Sells 266 Shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CF)
Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $720,000 Position in Tetra Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTEK)
Insider Selling: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (TCMD) VP Sells 1,500 Shares of Stock
Insider Buying: Oil-Dri Corporation Of America (ODC) Director Acquires 1,000 Shares of Stock
Insider Buying: Diebold, Incorporated (NYSE:DBD) COO Acquires $43,880.00 in Stock
Forward Air Corporation to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.15 (NASDAQ:FWRD)
North American Energy Partners Acquires 7,500 Shares of North American Energy Partners Inc. (NOA) Stock
Brokerages Set $17.00 Price Target for Speedway Motorsports, Inc. (NYSE:TRK)
Saia (SAIA) and Knight Transportation (KNX) Head-To-Head Comparison
Reviewing Cardinal Health (NYSE:CAH) and Pharmerica Corporation (PMC)

Brokerages Expect Capitala Finance Corp. (NASDAQ:CPTA) to Announce $0.37 Earnings Per Share
Callon Petroleum (CPE) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates



 


Cohen Capital Management Inc. Has $7,265,000 Stake in Aetna Inc. (AET)

					Posted by Devon Dixon on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Cohen Capital Management Inc. maintained its position in shares of  Aetna Inc. (NYSE:AET) during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 47,850 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Aetna accounts for approximately  1.8% of Cohen Capital Management Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 18th largest position. Cohen Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Aetna were worth $7,265,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of AET. FTB Advisors Inc. raised its position in shares of  Aetna by 11.0% in the first quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 977 shares of the company’s stock worth $125,000 after buying an additional 97 shares during the period.  Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Aetna during the first quarter worth approximately $133,000.  Horan Capital Management acquired a new position in shares of  Aetna during the first quarter worth approximately $157,000.  Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America raised its position in shares of  Aetna by 0.7% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 1,353 shares of the company’s stock worth $173,000 after buying an additional 9 shares during the period.  Finally, Narus Financial Partners LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Aetna during the second quarter worth approximately $229,000. Institutional investors own  91.80% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Aetna Inc. alerts:



Shares of Aetna Inc. (NYSE:AET) opened at 155.69 on Thursday. Aetna Inc. has a 52-week low of $104.59 and a 52-week high of $157.56. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $152.61 and its 200 day moving average is $136.39. The company has a market capitalization of $51.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 47.48 and a beta of 0.54. 




Aetna (NYSE:AET) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $2.71 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.36 by $0.35. Aetna had a net margin of 1.84% and a return on equity of 17.75%. The company had revenue of $15.17 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.39 billion. During the same period last year, the company posted $2.30 EPS. Aetna’s revenue was down 3.4% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts expect that  Aetna Inc. will post $8.99 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 28th. Investors of record on Thursday, July 13th will be given a dividend of $0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, July 11th. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.28%. Aetna’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 62.31%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Cohen Capital Management Inc. Has $7,265,000 Stake in Aetna Inc. (AET)” was first  reported by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/27/cohen-capital-management-inc-has-7265000-stake-in-aetna-inc-aet.html. 
A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the stock. UBS AG  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $160.00 price target (up previously from $147.00) on shares of Aetna in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. Credit Suisse Group  reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $165.00 price target (up previously from $160.00) on shares of Aetna in a report on Thursday, July 13th. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price target on shares of Aetna from $144.00 to $157.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, July 13th. BidaskClub lowered shares of Aetna from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 19th. Finally, CIBC  reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Aetna in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have given a buy rating to the company. Aetna presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $152.84.
In related news, Chairman Mark T. Bertolini sold 103,547 shares of Aetna stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $140.79, for a total transaction of $14,578,382.13. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 659,888 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $92,905,631.52. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, EVP Margaret M. Mccarthy sold 27,028 shares of Aetna stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $149.23, for a total transaction of $4,033,388.44. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 33,563 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,008,606.49. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
About Aetna
Aetna Inc is a diversified healthcare benefits company. The Company operates through three segments: Health Care, Group Insurance and Large Case Pensions. It offers a range of traditional, voluntary and consumer-directed health insurance products and related services, including medical, pharmacy, dental, behavioral health, group life and disability plans, medical management capabilities, Medicaid healthcare management services, Medicare Advantage and Medicare Supplement plans, workers’ compensation administrative services and health information technology (HIT) products and services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AET? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Aetna Inc. (NYSE:AET).







Receive News & Ratings for Aetna Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aetna Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Torchmark Corporation  Position Decreased by Creative Planning





NEXT Financial Group Inc Boosts Position in American Tower Corporation  





General Motors Company  Shares Sold by Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX





Cohen Capital Management Inc. Has $7,265,000 Stake in Aetna Inc. 





Swedbank Sells 271,117 Shares of NVIDIA Corporation 





7,334 Shares in Advanced Energy Industries, Inc.  Acquired by NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V.






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 




































Home | Cohen Capital Management CCM Holdings






















































CCM Holdings



Home
About Us
Investment Philosophy
Lines of Business
Clients
US Custodials
Office Locations
Contact
Client Login



Request A Consultation
Menu



















 

 






Welcome




Safety




Security




Transparency




Performance




Tax Efficiency





Founded by Daniel Cohen in 1992, Cohen Capital Management was developed as a vehicle to invest family capital, but has since grown to include capital from other investors.  In an effort to decrease risk a research-intensive approach is employed, based solely on rigorous corporate fundamental analysis in determining which companies are suitable to invest in.  These companies vary across a multitude of industries and countries deemed suitable by portfolio management for long term value investing.
The essence of the company is holding diversified shares of companies trading significantly below their intrinsic value. It is after extensive research that this value is determined, and a yearning to own this company is developed. Our managed account structure provides each and every investor access to their respective accounts, to augment the sense of security each investor requires to maintain confidence in their investment manager.
Value investing is the mantra at Cohen Capital Management. It is through this conservative  approach that the company achieves success. The firm focuses on returns generated from long term holdings of assets. The strategy developed here has proven itself time and again.  The firm believes it is partners with the manager it invests in, with a long term focus on fostering the business and growing the earnings power of the enterprises it invests in. The firm does not believe in short term trading strategies, or other methods that view stock as paper investments to be traded daily with the latest economic report or Dow Jones headline.


Clients’ safety is of paramount concern to fund management, both in the investments we make, and in the banks that we choose as custodial for our clients funds. The safety & security of where our client’s assets are held is of paramount importance to fund management. We use the nation’s strongest custodial and broker dealers to house our clients funds. Current custodial include, Goldman Sachs, Chase, Barclay’s Bank, Deutsche Bank, Morgan Stanley, and, from time to time, Wells Fargo.


Clients can log in to any of their accounts, held at any of our custodial- broker dealers, any time of the day, twenty four hours a day, and seven days a week. In addition, clients may receive real-time trade confirmation on all investments made in addition to their monthly statements which are sent directly from the custodial bank to their address of record.


Clients have real-time insight into our investment decisions and investment-making process by their ability to view their accounts in real-time, as we are making live portfolio decisions for their accounts daily. Unlike hedge funds or mutual funds, which report a delayed portfolio snapshot at the end of every quarter, significantly after decisions have been made and in many instances where the information is outdated and stale; at Cohen Capital our information is current, timely and informative and allows our clients to truly be a partner with us as we grow their assets and manage their money.


Cohen Capital’s portfolios have significantly outperformed the S & P 500 over time due to 3 primary reasons:
1. Significant diligence on the investments made.
2. A concentrated portfolio where we put our clients’ money behind our best ideas.
3. Extremely low portfolio turnover.
4. Highly tax efficient
Please feel free to inquire within and we’d be glad to share one of our portfolios with you.


Fund Management is extremely tax efficient. Shares are bought and sold very carefully, and only after extensive due diligence. On average our portfolios turnover less than ten percent per annum. That benefits the clients in a myriad of ways.
1. Our clients get the benefit of compounding their money at above average rates of 
2. Our clients pay very little taxes per annum on their portfolios as our extremely low 
3. When our clients do owe taxes, after extended holding periods, they are taxed at the extremely attractive rate of Federal long term capital gains, which is currently taxed at 20%. Had we traded actively, on a yearly basis – as the majority of hedge and mutual fund managers, the gains on the portfolio would be taxed at 50% since all of the gains would be taxed as ordinary income. Had we traded actively, on a yearly basis – as the majority of hedge and mutual fund managers, the gains on the portfolio would be taxed at 50% since all of the gains would be taxed as ordinary income.
Therefore, not only have our portfolios significantly outperformed over time, but our clients have also had the added benefit of keeping the lion’s share of the gain due to the very low tax rate afforded long term capital gains.








© 2014 Cohen Capital Management


Contact
Client Login










Investment Philosophy | Cohen Capital Management CCM Holdings





















































CCM Holdings



Home
About Us
Investment Philosophy
Lines of Business
Clients
US Custodials
Office Locations
Contact
Client Login



Request A Consultation
Menu



















 

 


Investment Philosophy

Cohen Capital Management employs a “safety-first” approach to money management. Our company’s goal of above average returns is achieved through concentration and careful attention to the forces that move our holdings. The foundation of our investment philosophy is a belief that value investing generates the greatest reward while maintaining the lowest possible risk for our clients’ funds, over long periods of time.
Our focus on risk in the pursuit of profits has led to the evolution of the methodology which we use in selecting investment securities and structuring client portfolios. The conservative approach taken allows our company to be successful, and outperform other managers consistently.
At Cohen Capital Management, decisions are made based on intensive research and a deep understanding of market trends and tendencies.  Investment choices are considered with a high regard for asset security.
 





© 2014 Cohen Capital Management


Contact
Client Login










Clients | Cohen Capital Management CCM Holdings





















































CCM Holdings



Home
About Us
Investment Philosophy
Lines of Business
Clients
US Custodials
Office Locations
Contact
Client Login



Request A Consultation
Menu



















 

 


Clients

Cohen Capital Management manages money for high net worth individuals, family offices, & U.S and international institutions. Such as pension plans, corporate accounts, foundations, and endowments. The firm’s client list is a mix of both individuals & corporations from within the United States and abroad. Our clients include the heads of private equity firms, leading real estate owners, owners of wholesale companies, import/export businesses, and decision makers in finance, retail, and real estate.





© 2014 Cohen Capital Management


Contact
Client Login



















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.






Lines of Business | Cohen Capital Management CCM Holdings





















































CCM Holdings



Home
About Us
Investment Philosophy
Lines of Business
Clients
US Custodials
Office Locations
Contact
Client Login



Request A Consultation
Menu

















































 

 






Lines of Business




Asset Management




National Business Ventures




International Business Ventures





Our main line of business is constructing portfolios for our clients that will generate above average returns for our clients over a five to ten year period. We do not focus on the short term movement of equity and debt securities, but rather, their long-term intrinsic value and whether or not we can purchase them at a significant discount to their intrinsic value.
The firm focuses its attention on mid-cap and large-cap corporations trading in both the United States and abroad. All of the firms’ investments are in multi-billion dollar market capitalization companies with millions of shares traded daily and are all level one assets if an equity security and/or level two assets if a debt security. We do not have any holdings that are not valued daily on a major exchange and that do not trade with a lot of liquidity which gives us the ability to sell any security we own quickly, should our clients require their capital.
We own all of the same securities for all of our clients. We normally own between 8-20 securities at any given time. We have found that concentration, focus, discipline, and inactivity with ones capital is the friend of the investor. Whereas Wall Street is constantly focused on generating commissions on trading and hyper activity, we are focused on finding value and allowing the management teams that we entrust capital to, to build wealth for us and compound capital at above average rates of return.
Every Portfolio is constructed with a five year time horizon which allows our investment thesis to play out. Should one have an immediate need for his or her capital in the next 6-9 months, our firm is not the home for their capital.


The firm’s investment committee allocates its investment ideas amongst all of its clients accounts under our managed account platform once investment ideas have been chosen for execution. Allocations are determined based upon the clients assets, his/her available liquidity, cash on hand, and/or future liquidity needs. All client portfolios own all of the same investments.


Over the years, the Cohen family has diversified into other sectors from the cash flows and business returns generated from our money management activities. The company is active on an ongoing basis in the resource field through its wholly owned mining operations, as well as its wholly owned activities in the oil, gas space and real estate.


The company, through its international affiliates which are wholly owned by the Cohen family, performs asset management, wealth management, and private banking services to overseas investors as well, through its operations in Israel, Europe, Hong Kong, and Brazil.







© 2014 Cohen Capital Management


Contact
Client Login








Ares :: Our Business :: Private Equity






























 Global Alternative Investments
 Unique Opportunities
 Demonstrated Performance


























Ares
Our Business
Private Equity



Private Equity




NEWS: 
Ares Management Raises $7.85 Billion For Fifth Flexible Capital Private Equity Fund

Read more >


Contact Private Equity:

1-800-940-6347

Contact Us or Call 1-800-940-6347 (US) or 310-921-7201 (International)




Experienced Team. Flexible Capital. Resourceful Sponsor.
Our Private Equity Group has achieved compelling risk-adjusted investment returns for a loyal and growing group of high profile limited partners and has approximately $24.9 billion of assets under management as of September 30, 2016. Our Private Equity Group broadly categorizes its investment strategies as corporate private equity, special situations and U.S. power and energy infrastructure. Our private equity professionals have a demonstrated ability to deploy flexible capital, which allows them to stay both active and disciplined in various market environments. The group's activities are managed by three dedicated investment teams in North America, Europe and China. The group manages flagship funds focused primarily on North America and, to a lesser extent, Europe, special situations funds, U.S. power and energy infrastructure funds and related co-investment vehicles and a China growth fund.

North American and European Flexible Capital
Our flagship funds pursue opportunistic majority or shared-control investments in businesses with strong franchises and attractive growth opportunities in North America and Europe. We seek investments in companies with strong existing management teams where our capital can unlock value by serving as a catalyst for growth. Learn More >

Special Situations
We invest opportunistically across a broad spectrum of distressed or mispriced investments, including corporate debt, rescue capital, private asset-backed investments, post-reorganization securities and non-performing portfolios. We seek to capitalize on market trends and dislocated assets by flexibly deploying capital, leveraging our deep credit expertise, proprietary research and robust sourcing model,
Learn More >

Ares EIF
Ares EIF targets U.S. power and energy infrastructure across the power generation, transmission and midstream sectors, and seeks attractive risk-adjusted equity returns with current cash flow and capital appreciation. We have a 29 year track record across investment cycles as one of the first managers focused on the independent power and electric utility industry. Learn More >

China Growth Capital
In Greater China, we primarily target minority growth equity investments in high quality companies that operate industries we believe will be the primary drivers of China’s economic growth over the next decade. We seek outstanding management partners that are in need of both growth capital and constructive equity sponsorship to satisfy a range of balance sheet, governance and strategic needs. Learn More >









© 2017 Ares Management, L.P.


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Code of Conduct


Site Map











About Us | Cohen Capital Management CCM Holdings





















































CCM Holdings



Home
About Us
Investment Philosophy
Lines of Business
Clients
US Custodials
Office Locations
Contact
Client Login



Request A Consultation
Menu






















































 

 






About Us




Who We Are




How We Are Different




Investment Team




Office Locations




Why Us




Contact Us





The company was formed years back, as a vehicle to manage money for the Cohen family. Over time, others have approached us and asked us to manage money for them as well, in light of our stellar returns. Today, the firm and its wholly owned affiliates, manages money both in the United States and abroad for private families, endowments, foundations and institutional investors.


Cohen Capital Management is a multi-disciplinary firm with a deep rooted background in investment and asset management. Our methodology and technique present us with a renowned track record, placing us amongst the top investors on Wall Street.
At Cohen Capital Management we are focused on providing financial services with the highest levels of investor satisfaction – we will do everything we can to meet your expectations.
Cohen Capital Management believes in investing in businesses. We do not believe in trading pieces of paper, in the flavor of the month, or “hot new issue.” We look for businesses that generate above average returns on equity with little or no debt that have proven operating histories, sustainable competitive advantages, and durable business models, run by honest, able, and shareholder friendly management. We look to buy those businesses at an attractive valuation. We are not interested in making the brokers rich or trading in & out of securities or taking other steps that would remove us from a long term focus and investment partnership with the companies we place capital with.
Fundamental analysis is at the core of what we do. Analyzing corporate cash flows and corporate financial statements is an integral part of our investment philosophy.  We dig deeply into corporate cash flows and income statements to determine the sustainability, integrity, and durability of the businesses we evaluate. We are not interested in broker recommendations or sell-side analysts recommendations. We allow corporate financial statements and management actions to drive our investment decisions. We like to invest in businesses that have high economic moats, significant barriers to entry and sustainable competitive advantages that a “fool” can run, because eventually one probably will.


Our firm manages client assets as we would want our own funds to be managed.  That means providing safety, security, transparency, and performance with the highest levels of integrity and honesty.
Here are some examples of what makes us different than the rest of the investment community:
No lock ups.
Very low turn-over.
Transparency – Our clients can log-in and see all of our holdings at their chosen custodial twenty four hours a day, seven days a week.
Performance – We have outperformed the benchmarks by a wide margin through focus, concentration, and patience.
Custodials – Our clients have the ability to choose their custodial who will provide them comfort, safety, and transparency regardless of the sum of money invested. We currently use the strongest and safest banks in the world as our custodials. All assets we manage are held in the clients’ name at the broker or bank of their choosing. We currently use Goldman Sachs, J.P Morgan Chase, Barclay’s Bank, Wells Fargo, Morgan Stanley, and Deutsche Bank as our U.S. custodials. All of our clients receive trade confirmations on all of our investments, have their accounts held in their name or their corporations’ name, and receive monthly statements to their current address of record.  Unlike hedge funds and private equity firms that lock up capital for years at a time with no access and no liquidity to your own money, we provide immediate liquidity and instant access without any lock up periods whatsoever.


Daniel Cohen – President and CEO (US and Global)
Joe Habbouba – CFO 
Gila Cohen – Analyst
Lauri Abadi – Analyst
Daniel Cohen along with his senior management team performs thorough due diligence and extensive research and reviews on all of our prospective investments. The firm utilizes rigid criteria for its investments and focuses on returns on capital on an unlevered basis, balance sheet strength, earnings quality, cash-flow generation, and the durability of the earning stream that the investments produce, as well as management strength and the barriers to entry of the businesses. The firm is skeptical of firms whose growth is tied to serial acquisitions or other accounting chicanery that could mask underlying health issues, or even outright defraud investors, and mislead investors to the actual sustainability and viability of the underlying enterprise.
The company does not chase IPO’s, hot internet stocks, or the current flavor of the month. The firm believes in buying proven operating businesses at good prices and not chasing dreams and hyperbole. The firm has historically invested in proven industrial companies, proven brands, service companies, retailers, banks, insurance companies, processing companies, oil & gas businesses, and real estate firms. The firm has historically not invested extensively in the technology sector. That is not to say that the firm does not believe in technology, because it does, and it is not to say that the company will not invest in technology because it has from time to time. However, when it invests in technology businesses, it has done so with business leaders with a proven business model coupled with a very strong balance sheet, significant barriers to entry, with the securities trading at a very reasonable price.
The firm will not invest in growth at all costs. It will not chase performance and will not follow other institutional investors like Lemmings. It believes in independent minded thinking and rational behavior, coupled with a long term investment horizon.


Cohen Capital Management, along with its wholly owned affiliates, have offices in the United States, Israel, and Hong Kong which allow us to reach a broad set of clients.


Managed accounts provide you with investment professionals who do the work for you by actively managing your money. Their experience and in-depth research can help you meet your goals, while you benefit from the following:
Private ownership of our company lets us focus on the long-term success and stability for our customers. Through all kinds of markets, Cohen Capital has been helping investors pursue their financial goals.
We’ve developed a sophisticated approach to risk management. We'll allocate your money by appropriately diversifying your assets & focusing mainly on long-term rewards.
Keeping you informed:
CCMHoldings.com provides easy access to your account and performance information, market and industry insights, and other investment information through a secure website.
Your personal account activity report on our site shows detailed information about the trades made in your account.


Tel (US only):  (877) 424-9349
Tel:  (718) 404-0007   
Fax:  (718) 421-9203    
Email:  Info@ccmholdings.com







© 2014 Cohen Capital Management


Contact
Client Login








	Cohen Asset






















ABOUT US
FIND YOUR ANSWER
NEWS
CONTACT US
CAREERS













Ares :: Our Business :: Real Estate






























 Global Alternative Investments
 Unique Opportunities
 Demonstrated Performance


























Ares
Our Business
Real Estate



Real Estate


Visit Ares Commercial Real Estate






Contact Real Estate:

1-800-940-6347

Contact Us or Call 1-800-940-6347 (US) or 310-921-7201 (International)







Overview




Targeted Investments




Value Proposition




Key Contacts



Experienced Leadership.  Investment Discipline.  Dependable Partner.
 
Ares Management, L.P.'s ("Ares") Real Estate Group manages comprehensive public and private equity and debt strategies, with approximately $10.4 billion of assets under management  ("AUM") as of September 30, 2016. With its experienced team, along with its expansive network of relationships, our Real Estate Group capitalizes on opportunities across both real estate equity and debt investing. Our Real Estate Group's equity investments focus on implementing hands-on value creation initiatives to mismanaged and capital-starved assets, as well as new development, ultimately selling stabilized assets back into the market. Our debt strategies leverage our Real Estate Group's diverse sources of capital to directly originate and manage commercial mortgage investments on properties that range from stabilized to requiring hands-on value creation. Our Real Estate Group has achieved significant scale in a short period of time through various acquisitions and successful fundraising efforts. Our Real Estate Group provides investors access to its capabilities through several vehicles: a publicly traded commercial mortgage real estate investment trust ("REIT"), Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE), U.S. and European real estate private equity commingled funds and real estate equity and debt separately managed accounts. Our Real Estate Group's activities are managed by dedicated equity and debt teams in the U.S. and Europe.
 
Our Real Estate Group’s senior leadership averages more than 30 years of relevant real estate investment experience. Our Real Estate Group has over 70 investment professionals with a global footprint across nine cities across the U.S. and Europe as of September 30, 2016. We believe our multi-asset class experience, global scale and deep property knowledge differentiate us from other investors in the real estate market.
 
Our Real Estate Group leverages the following core capabilities across our platform:

Experienced Leadership—Stable and deep team that has been market cycle-tested and is established in many local markets across the world
Global Market Perspective—Integrating a global market view with local market knowledge and fundamental asset analysis
Multi-Channel Sourcing—Deep connectivity into local property networks, leading to off-market deal flow
In-House Research—Corporate and industry research to identify and capitalize on market trends

 
Real Estate Equity
 
Our real estate equity team has extensive private equity and property experience in the United States and Europe. Our real estate equity team has approximately 50 investment professionals across eight offices and primarily invests in new developments and the repositioning of assets, with a focus on control or majority-control investments. Our real estate equity team primarily targets the United States and Europe. As of September 30, 2016, our real estate equity team advised 46 investment vehicles totaling, in aggregate, approximately $7.8 billion in AUM. Primary areas of focus for our Real Estate Group equity teams include:
 
Real Estate Equity Value-Add Strategy: Our U.S. and European value-add funds focus on undermanaged and under-funded assets, seeking to create value by buying assets at attractive valuations as well as through active asset management of income-producing property types, including multifamily, retail, office, hotel and industrial properties across the United States and Western Europe.
 
Real Estate Equity Opportunistic Strategy: Our U.S. and European opportunistic real estate funds capitalize on increased investor demand for developed and stabilized assets by focusing on manufacturing core assets through development, redevelopment and fixing distressed capital structures across all major property types including multifamily, hotel, office, retail and industrial properties across the United States and Europe.
 
Real Estate Debt
 
Our real estate debt team of approximately 20 professionals directly originates and invests in a wide range of self-originated financing opportunities for middle-market owners and operators of U.S. commercial real estate. As of September 30, 2016, our real estate debt team advised three investment vehicles totalling, in the aggregate, approximately $2.6 billion in AUM. 
 
In addition to managing private funds, we make investments through a specialty finance company, ACRE, primarily focused on directly originating, managing and servicing a diversified portfolio of commercial real estate (“CRE”) debt-related investments. As of September 30, 2016, ACRE had an investment portfolio of approximately $1.6 billion in commitments. ACRE is managed by Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC, a subsidiary of Ares.
 
Our Real Estate Debt team focuses on directly originating loans using its extensive national relationships with various owner-operators, sponsors and intermediaries of real estate properties.  We seek to provide flexible financing across a potential borrower’s capital structure.  While we focus on self-originated transactions, we will also selectively pursue secondary market acquisitions and club/syndicated transactions.
 
The following highlights our lending strategy:

Pursue strong risk-adjusted returns by investing in what we believe to be the most attractive position in a given capital structure
Drive internal deal flow primarily through direct origination
Emphasize flexible transactions where our competitive advantages are strongest
Actively manage portfolio through rated special servicer
Lead transactions and remain an active investor
Leverage the power of the Ares platform

 
We believe our principal orientation, flexibility and non-bureaucratic approach differentiate us from other debt capital providers in the commercial real estate middle market. In addition to offering senior and subordinated debt products, we actively provide “stretch senior”, transitional senior and bridge loans in order to customize financing solutions for the specific transaction needs of our clients.
 
Visit Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (“ACRE”) website
 





Ares Real Estate Group


PRIMARY ROLE
Private equity investor/direct lender


OFFICES
Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, New York, Washington, D.C., Luxembourg, London and Paris



PRIMARY AREAS OF FOCUS
Multi-family, Industrial, Hospitality, Office, Residential and Retail


Types of Investments
First Lien loans, A-notes, Subordinated Debt, B-notes, Mezzanine Debt, Preferred Equity(1), Common Equity(1), Senior Loans, Stretch Senior Loans, Transitional Senior Loans, Subordinated Debt, and Other CRE Investments






(1) None of our fund strategies involve the active trading of securities instruments; however, securities instruments may be acquired/disposed in accordance with the general strategy of the fund.


© 2017 Ares Management, L.P.


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Code of Conduct


Site Map









Cohen Capital Management, Inc                                                                                            - Corte Madera                                      , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Corte Madera



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Cohen Capital Management, Inc
                                    



 





















C 


Cohen Capital Management, Inc                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



770 TAMALPAIS DR STE 318 CORTE MADERA, CA 94925
Get Directions



(415) 927-6700
 





Business Info



 Founded 1995
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue $600,204.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Jay A Cohen                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1995 the company has been providing Investment Advice. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Ares :: Our Business :: Credit






























 Global Alternative Investments
 Unique Opportunities
 Demonstrated Performance


























Ares
Our Business
Credit



Credit


Bloomberg Interview with Kipp deVeer 




NEWS: 
Ares Management Closes Third European Direct Lending Fund 

Read more >


Contact Credit:

1-800-940-6347

Contact Us or Call 1-800-940-6347 (US) or 310-921-7201 (International)







Overview




Targeted Investments




Value Proposition




Key Contacts



 Credit Expertise. Market Access. One-Stop Financing.
Our Credit Group is a leading manager of credit strategies across the non-investment grade credit universe, with approximately $62.0 billion of assets under management (“AUM”) and approximately 135 funds as of September 30, 2016(1). We offer a range of investment strategies across the liquid and illiquid spectrum. Since the firm’s founding in 1997, Ares has been a leader in providing credit solutions to investors searching for yield and for less correlated returns, particularly relevant in today’s low interest rate and volatile investment environment. We are additionally one of the largest self-originating direct lenders to the U.S. and European middle markets, providing one-stop financing solutions for small-to-medium sized companies, which we believe are increasingly underserved by traditional lenders. We provide investors access to our broad credit capabilities through several vehicles, including commingled funds, separately managed accounts, joint venture lending programs for institutional investors, publicly traded vehicles and sub-advised funds for retail investors.
 
We are experienced credit pickers who take a value-oriented approach, using fundamental bottom-up research to identify attractive relative values compared to fundamental credit risk. Our portfolio managers average approximately 22 years of relevant experience investing in liquid credit, in many cases since the inception of an asset class. As a long-term, patient direct lender, we leverage our flexibility, structuring expertise and self origination capabilities to invest across capital structures and meet the full spectrum of our clients’ financing needs. Members of our direct lending investment committees average more than 26 years of relevant middle-market lending and leveraged finance experience.

 Our investment solutions help traditional fixed income investors access the syndicated loan and high yield bond markets and capitalize on opportunities across traded corporate credit. We additionally provide access to directly originated fixed and floating rate credit assets and the ability to capitalize on illiquidity premiums across the credit spectrum. Our strategies include syndicated loans, high yield bonds, institutional credit, structured credit investments and U.S. and European direct lending.
 
Syndicated Loans: This strategy delivers a diversified portfolio of liquid, traded non-investment grade secured loans to corporate issuers including an allocation to syndicated middle market loans. Loans are one of the few floating rate fixed income alternatives and can be especially suitable for investors with a view of rising short term rates. Our funds include both North American and European issuers. We include a sleeve of high yield bonds (up to 25%) as an accent and typically benchmark our loan strategy against the Credit Suisse Leveraged Loan Index.
High Yield Bonds: This strategy seeks to deliver a diversified portfolio of liquid, traded non-investment grade corporate bonds. This incorporates secured, unsecured and subordinated debt instruments of issuers in both North America and Europe. We include a sleeve of corporate loans (up to 25%) which can be used to manage duration and is intended to deliver an accent to performance. We benchmark our high yield strategy against the BofA Merrill Lynch US High Yield Master II Index.
 
Institutional Credit: Our Institutional Credit strategy combines both syndicated loans and high yield bonds into a single portfolio and is designed to offer investors a flexible solution to credit by allowing Ares to tactically allocate between both asset classes in response to market opportunity. This incorporates issuers in both North America and Europe and is designed to “go anywhere” within the liquid non-investment grade corporate debt universe. We benchmark our strategy against a 50/50 blend of the Credit Suisse Leveraged Loan Index and the BofA Merrill Lynch Master II Index.
 
  
Structured Credit: We invest across the capital structure of syndicated collateralized loan obligation vehicles and in directly-originated asset-backed investments comprised of diversified portfolios of consumer and commercial assets. We seek to construct portfolios of asset-backed investments that benefit from having downside protection, less correlation with the broader credit markets and diversification.
 
Direct Lending: As banks and governments have scaled back lending activities in the wake of post-crisis regulation and global deleveraging, Ares provides financing solutions to help middle-market companies grow. With a team of approximately 150 investment professionals in offices across the U.S. and Europe, we self-originate our investment opportunities in senior secured loans, private high yield, mezzanine and select minority equity investments. We can provide creative structures, hold large and control positions and offer sponsors and management teams increased certainty of execution, which we believe gives us a competitive advantage in the market.
 
U.S.: We conduct our U.S. corporate lending activities primarily through Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ: ARCC), a leading specialty finance company, and certain private accounts. ARCC is the largest business development company by both market capitalization and total assets. We also manage a commercial finance business that provides asset-based and cash flow loans to small and middle-market companies, as well as asset-based facilities to specialty finance companies.
 


Visit the ARCC Website 

 

Learn More About Ares Commercial Finance



Europe: Our European direct lending platform is one of the most significant participants in the European middle-market, focusing on self-originated investments in illiquid middle-market credits. We manage multiple commingled funds, separately managed accounts and joint venture lending programs.
 

Learn More About Ares Capital Europe






Ares Credit Group


PRIMARY ROLE
Asset manager specializing in liquid and illiquid credit strategies investing primarily in North America and Europe.


Offices
Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Atlanta, Dallas, San Francisco, London, Paris, Frankfurt, Stockholm, Luxembourg



Focus
Non-investment grade corporate credit and structured credit investments across the U.S. and Europe.


Types of Investments
Syndicated loans, high yield bonds, institutional credit, structured credit, direct lending: corporate direct lending (non-syndicated senior debt, mezzanine debt and non-control equity to middle market companies), project finance (high yield senior and mezzanine debt to finance power generation projects), venture finance (senior secured loans to early stage and emerging growth companies backed by venture capital firms, commercial finance (asset-based and cash flow loans to small and middle-market companies, asset-based facilities to specialty finance companies).







(1) Effective July 1, 2016, we moved our Special Situations strategy  from our Credit Group into our Private Equity Group.


© 2017 Ares Management, L.P.


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Code of Conduct


Site Map









Cohen Capital Management Inc                                                                                             - Brooklyn                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Brooklyn



Management Consulting Services



Financial Consultant



                            Cohen Capital Management Inc
                                    



 





















C 


Cohen Capital Management Inc                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



372 AVENUE U APT 4B BROOKLYN, NY 11223
Get Directions



(718) 421-9221
 





Business Info



 Founded 1998
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $200,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Financial Consultant
 Contacts David Schwartz                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Cohen Capital Management Inc                                                                                             was founded in 1998. Cohen Capital Management Inc                                                                                             specializes in Financial Consultant. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Office Location| Cohen Capital Management CCM Holdings





















































CCM Holdings



Home
About Us
Investment Philosophy
Lines of Business
Clients
US Custodials
Office Locations
Contact
Client Login



Request A Consultation
Menu





 



 



Office Locations

Cohen Capital Management, along with its wholly owned affiliates, have offices in the United States, Israel, and Hong Kong which allow us to reach a broad set of clients.





© 2014 Cohen Capital Management


Contact
Client Login






























Abbott Laboratories’ (ABT) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Abbott Laboratories - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Barclays PLC Reiterates Overweight Rating for Wildhorse Resource Development Corporation (NYSE:WRD)					

Westrock Company (WRK) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub					

Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc.					

Whitestone REIT (NYSE:WSR) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by BidaskClub					

XPO Logistics, Inc. (NYSE:XPO) Lowered to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

Xerox Corporation (XRX) Upgraded to Equal Weight by Barclays PLC					

Williams Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:WMB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

BidaskClub Downgrades WNS (Holdings) Limited (NYSE:WNS) to Hold					

BidaskClub Upgrades Wabash National Corporation (WNC) to Buy					

WEX Inc. (WEX) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub					

Waste Connections, Inc. (NYSE:WCN) Lowered to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

Autoliv, Inc. (NYSE:ALV) Given New $98.00 Price Target at Royal Bank Of Canada					

American International Group, Inc. (AIG) Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub					

Great Ajax Corp. (AJX) Cut to “Hold” at BidaskClub					

Apartment Investment and Management Company (NYSE:AIV) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

BidaskClub Upgrades The AES Corporation (NYSE:AES) to “Sell”					

Arlington Asset Investment Corp (NYSE:AI) Given “Buy” Rating at Maxim Group					

American Financial Group, Inc. (AFG) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. (AEO) Given “Buy” Rating at Royal Bank Of Canada					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Abbott Laboratories’ (ABT) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus					

						 July 25th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Nicole Kennedy 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 






Tweet










Stifel Nicolaus restated their buy rating on shares of Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)  in a report released on Friday morning. They currently have a $58.00 target price on the healthcare product maker’s stock.
A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on ABT. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Abbott Laboratories from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Cowen and Company  reissued a buy rating and issued a $48.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Thursday, April 13th. Jefferies Group LLC cut their target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories from $52.00 to $50.00 and set a buy rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. UBS AG  reissued a neutral rating and issued a $41.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Morgan Stanley  reissued an equal weight rating and issued a $42.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have assigned  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. Abbott Laboratories presently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $52.13.
Shares of Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) opened at 50.80 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $48.44 and a 200-day moving average of $44.89. Abbott Laboratories has a one year low of $37.38 and a one year high of $51.13. The company has a market capitalization of $88.15 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 71.15 and a beta of 1.06. 




Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.62 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.60 by $0.02. Abbott Laboratories had a net margin of 4.96% and a return on equity of 15.53%. The firm had revenue of $6.64 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.63 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.55 earnings per share. Abbott Laboratories’s revenue for the quarter was up 24.5% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities analysts expect that  Abbott Laboratories will post $2.49 earnings per share for the current year. 
WARNING: This story was originally  posted by Watch List News and is the property of of Watch List News. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/abbott-laboratories-abt-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-stifel-nicolaus/1458069.html. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be given a dividend of $0.265 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 12th. This represents a $1.06 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.09%. Abbott Laboratories’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 149.30%. 
In other news, insider Jared Watkin sold 552 shares of Abbott Laboratories stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $47.97, for a total transaction of $26,479.44. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 47,090 shares in the company, valued at $2,258,907.30. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Joseph J. Manning sold 4,200 shares of Abbott Laboratories stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.95, for a total value of $184,590.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 26,224 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,152,544.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 206,902 shares of company stock valued at $9,497,761. Corporate insiders own  0.76% of the company’s stock. 
Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $598,897,000.  State Street Corp raised its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 18.9% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 80,499,469 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $3,574,987,000 after buying an additional 12,806,535 shares in the last quarter.  Boston Partners raised its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 5,663.7% in the first quarter. Boston Partners now owns 8,212,035 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $364,696,000 after buying an additional 8,069,557 shares in the last quarter.  Westwood Holdings Group Inc. purchased a new position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $168,455,000.  Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 11.0% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 33,796,869 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $1,500,920,000 after buying an additional 3,344,508 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  71.08% of the company’s stock. 
About Abbott Laboratories
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States.



Receive News & Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Nicole Kennedy 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 





















































COHEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






COHEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC.






770 TAMALPAIS DRIVE, CORTE MADERA,  California, 94925, (415) 927-8011


Report Date: 06/30/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
277


New Positions
1


Increased Positions
13


Decreased Positions
148


Positions with Activity
161


Sold Out Positions
143


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
398



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
15.84%


Basic Materials
1.84%


Industrials
10.23%


Consumer Cyclicals
8.79%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
11.79%


Financials
12.19%


Healthcare
24%


Technology
11.28%


Telecommunication Services
0.76%


Utilities
3.29%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






277 Positions as of 06/30/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INC
COM
17,023

New
89,245


JPMORGAN CHASE & CO
COM
14,431

New
156,980


THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC
COM
13,864

New
79,195


STRYKER CORP
COM
13,438

New
92,200


PEPSICO INC
COM
13,132

New
112,060


SCHWAB CHARLES CORP NEW
COM
10,426

New
243,716


ZIMMER BIOMET HLDGS INC
COM
10,359

New
80,490


ENTERPRISE PRODS PARTNERS L P
COM
10,239

New
370,977


3M CO
COM
9,653

New
48,500


APPLIED MATLS INC
COM
9,110

New
192,000


GENERAL ELECTRIC CO
COM
8,106

New
316,765


CONSTELLATION BRANDS INC
CL A
7,908

New
40,896


UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORP
COM
7,871

New
65,848


JOHNSON & JOHNSON
COM
7,716

New
58,924


AETNA INC NEW
COM
7,450

New
47,850


EXXON MOBIL CORP
COM
7,358

New
91,550


CISCO SYS INC
COM
7,293
1
.01
230,347


NOVARTIS A G
SPONSORED ADR
7,123

New
83,943


INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHS
COM
6,886

New
47,372


COTIVITI HLDGS INC
COM
6,742
13
.19
157,333




<< first< previous12345101214next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            GLOBAL MARKETS-Amazon wobble creates ripples across worldwide stock markets
                        



	                     4:52AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. Republican push to gut Obamacare ends in defeat for Trump
                        



	                     4:38AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            FOREX-Swiss franc set for biggest weekly drop in nearly 2 years
                        



	                     3:33AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Japanese drugmaker Takeda posts stronger profit as U.S. sales jump
                        



	                     3:28AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            FERRARI:  Scuderia Ferrari signed an agreement with Sauber
                        



	                     3:16AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX




































Ares :: Home






























 Global Alternative Investments
 Unique Opportunities
 Demonstrated Performance


























Trusted Partner
Full spectrum investment solutions. Focused on investor needs.





Value Creation and Performance
Unique originator and evaluator  of risk adjusted returns.





Supporting Economic Growth
Ares finances and invests in quality companies and properties, helping the economy grow.





Platform Synergies
Cross-platform collaboration provides benefits across industry knowledge, sourcing and deal flow.















Ares Management, L.P.


With approximately $97 billion in assets under management[1], Ares Management, L.P. (NYSE:ARES) is one of the largest global alternative asset managers, with three complementary and market leading investment groups: credit, private equity and real estate. We believe the power of our combined platform makes us better investors and enables us to offer a broader range of flexible solutions along the risk reward spectrum.



The Ares Edge 





Power of the Ares Platform

Using our platform’s significant scale and global reach, we leverage our relationships, sector knowledge and industry insights across our portfolios and investment groups to source, evaluate and generate strong risk-adjusted returns for investors.





Collaborative Culture

Over our 19-year history, we have evolved to meet our clients’ individual needs by fostering an integrated, cross-platform culture of teamwork where we share ideas, expertise and best practices across the firm.





Trusted Investment Partner

Our comprehensive product offerings span multiple asset classes and provide a full spectrum of flexible investment solutions. We can invest in all levels of a company’s capital structure and invest dynamically across market environments to optimize returns and better manage risk.





Value Creation and Growth

We are business builders who create value by investing in quality companies, real estate and energy assets. We view our strong growth as a testament to our investors’ confidence in our capabilities and demonstrated investment performance.







Views
































Public Access to Alternatives
                

Ares affiliates manage several publicly traded funds(2), which allow retail and institutional investors to access our expertise across Credit and Real Estate. We believe that expanding investor access to alternative investments provides diversified sources of return and attractive solutions for investors seeking higher levels of income. Our publicly traded funds include:

















News
                





Jan
17
2017


Ares Management, L.P. Schedules Earnings Release and Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2016






Jan
3
2017


Ares Management Extends Market-Leading Position in Direct Lending Asset Class Through Support of Ares Capital Corporation’s Acquisition of American Capital, Ltd.






Nov
7
2016


Ares Management, L.P. Reports Third Quarter Results






Oct
11
2016


Ares Management, L.P. Schedules Earnings Release and Conference Call for the Third Quarter Ended September 30, 2016











Ares Management, L.P.


With approximately $97 billion in assets under management[1], Ares Management, L.P. (NYSE:ARES) is one of the largest global alternative asset managers, with three complementary and market leading investment groups: credit, private equity and real estate. We believe the power of our combined platform makes us better investors and enables us to offer a broader range of flexible solutions along the risk reward spectrum.




The Ares Edge 


Power of the Ares Platform

Using our platform’s significant scale and global reach, we leverage our relationships, sector knowledge and industry insights across our portfolios and investment groups to source, evaluate and generate strong risk-adjusted returns for investors.

Collaborative Culture

Over our 19-year history, we have evolved to meet our clients’ individual needs by fostering an integrated, cross-platform culture of teamwork where we share ideas, expertise and best practices across the firm.

Trusted Investment Partner

Our comprehensive product offerings span multiple asset classes and provide a full spectrum of flexible investment solutions. We can invest in all levels of a company’s capital structure and invest dynamically across market environments to optimize returns and better manage risk.

Value Creation and Growth

We are business builders who create value by investing in quality companies, real estate and energy assets. We view our strong growth as a testament to our investors’ confidence in our capabilities and demonstrated investment performance.





Public Access to Alternatives
                

Ares affiliates manage several publicly traded funds(2), which allow retail and institutional investors to access our expertise across Credit and Real Estate. We believe that expanding investor access to alternative investments provides diversified sources of return and attractive solutions for investors seeking higher levels of income. Our publicly traded funds include:

















News
                    





Jan
17
2017


Ares Management, L.P. Schedules Earnings Release and Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2016






Jan
3
2017


Ares Management Extends Market-Leading Position in Direct Lending Asset Class Through Support of Ares Capital Corporation’s Acquisition of American Capital, Ltd.






Nov
7
2016


Ares Management, L.P. Reports Third Quarter Results






Oct
11
2016


Ares Management, L.P. Schedules Earnings Release and Conference Call for the Third Quarter Ended September 30, 2016








Views



































(1)  As of September 30, 2016.  AUM amounts include capital available to vehicles managed or co-managed by Ares, including funds managed by Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P., a wholly owned portfolio company of Ares Capital Corporation and a registered investment adviser.  All AUM numbers and other information on the website are as of September 30, 2016, unless otherwise specified.
 
(2) Affiliates of Ares Management, L.P. serve as investment advisers to our publicly traded funds.
 





© 2017 Ares Management, L.P.
Certain Private Funds offered through Ares Investor Services LLC (Member FINRA / SIPC), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ares Management LLC | Business Continuity Plan
Our publicly traded funds are listed on the NYSE (ACRE and ARDC) or NASDAQ (ARCC) and are available through a broker or dealer that is properly registered to offer closed-end funds.


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Code of Conduct


Site Map


Certain Private Funds offered through Ares Investor Services LLC (Member FINRA / SIPC), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ares Management LLC | Business Continuity Plan
Our publicly traded funds are listed on the NYSE (ACRE and ARDC) or NASDAQ (ARCC) and are available through a broker or dealer that is properly registered to offer closed-end funds.





