




BlackRock Co-Investment Fund IV, L.P. - US Tax Exempt Series - Pooled Investment Fund- Barenborg  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









BlackRock Co-Investment Fund IV, L.P. - US Tax Exempt Series

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    601 Union Street 56 Th Floor 
    Seattle, WA, 98101Phone: 206-613-6700 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2014-07-02


New


$44,000,000


$44,000,000


Equity Only


06b 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 David N. Barenborg 
 Executive 


 Robert S. Ellsworth 
 Executive 


 Mark Everitt 
 Executive 


 J. David Matter 
 Executive 


 Bryan K. White 
 Executive 





















 







Co-Investment Income Fund, L.P. - US Tax Exempt Series - Pooled Investment Fund- Barenborg  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Co-Investment Income Fund, L.P. - US Tax Exempt Series

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    601 Union Street 56 Th Floor 
    Seattle, WA, 98101Phone: 206-613-6720 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-15


New


$50,000,000


$50,000,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 David Barenborg 
 Executive 


 Mark Everitt 
 Executive 


 J. David Matter 
 Executive 


 Brian Schwartz 
 Executive 


 Mark Woolley 
 Executive 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


























The Best Tax-Free Income Funds (FKTFX, VLTCX) | Investopedia



















































































 























Topics



What's New



Amazon Profit Slumps 77% as Costs Surge, Shares Fall




Home Depot, Lowe's Seen Surging on Spending Boom


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Dumping
In international trade, the export by a country or company of a product at a price ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Are Bezos & Musk's Rocketships Bad for Markets?


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters























                The Best Tax-Free Income Funds (FKTFX, VLTCX)            


    By Barbara A. Friedberg | January 5, 2016 — 8:41 AM EST    






Share















































No one likes to pay taxes, but it’s a necessary part of living in a country which provides its citizens with a multitude of benefits. But just because you pay taxes doesn’t mean you can’t take advantage of available legal ways to keep your taxes low. Investors can enjoy tax-free income funds to grow wealth and minimize taxes.
What is a Tax-Free Income Fund?
Let’s break the definition down into two parts; tax-free and income. An income fund is a mutual fund or exchange-traded fund (ETF) which pays dividends to shareholders. Investors use this type of investment to create an income stream from their investments. A tax-free fund is an investment with dividends that aren’t taxed. These types of tax-free income funds are usually called municipal bond funds.
If you’re in a higher tax bracket, a tax-free income fund which contains tax-free municipal bonds from your state can be a wise investment choice. But before getting swept away with the idea of investing in a tax-free income fund, consider your own tax bracket. (For more, see: 5 Reasons to Invest in Municipal Bonds When the Fed Hikes Rates.)
Tax Equivalent Yield
You need to determine whether you’ll benefit from investing in a tax-free income fund. Start out by considering your marginal tax rate. Next, compare the rate of return on comparable tax-free and taxable income funds. Finally, calculate which investment is likely to give you a higher after tax return.
For example, Simon lives in California and is in the 25% federal marginal tax bracket. His state tax bracket is 4.5%. His total state plus federal tax rate is 29.50%. He has access to The Franklin California Tax-Free Income Fund Class A (FKTFX) and can buy it with no transaction fee through his Fidelity Investments brokerage account. The 30-day yield, or rate of return, is 2.39%. Simon knows he can get a tax free return for approximately 2.39%. (For more, see: How Your Tax Rate Is Determined.)
Simon can get a taxable Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) yield, or rate of return, of 4.88% if he invests in Vanguard Long-Term Corporate Bond Index Fund Admiral Shares (VLTCX). But which investment offers the best after tax return? Given Simon’s 29.50% tax bracket let’s see if he’s better off investing in the 2.39% tax free income fund or the 4.88% taxable income fund. Be aware that neither of the funds’ returns are guaranteed and they’re likely to fluctuate.
Simon’s 2.39% tax-free return is equivalent to a taxable yield of 3.337%. Any taxable return above 3.337% is preferable to the tax free 2.39% return. Since he can earn a taxable return of 4.88% he’ll be better off in the taxable fund. You can compare tax free with taxable yields on this tax equivalent yield calculator. (For more, see: Top 4 Muni New York Mutual Funds.)
Best Tax Free Income Funds
At present municipal bond tax-free income funds offer juicy yields. It’s not uncommon for their returns to top comparable taxable funds. Choose a fund issued with bonds from your state to compound your tax savings. Just remember that yields are subject to change and aren’t guaranteed. Performance figures below are as of Dec. 10, 2015.

Best Tax-Free Income Funds




High-Yield Muni Bond Funds          


        Performance  (1-year)


Expense Ratio


American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund (AMHIX)


4.33% 


 0.68%


MFS Municipal High Income Fund (MMHYX)


5.18%


0.69%


Columbia High Yield Municipal Fund (LHIAX)


5.20%


0.87%





Muni California Intermediate-Term Bond Funds




Vanguard Calif. Intermediate Term Tax Exempt Fund (VCAIX)


2.96%


0.20%


Schwab California Tax-Free Bond Fund (SWCAX)


2.90%


0.49%


Principal California Municipal Fund (SRCMX)


3.93%


0.77%





Muni California Long-Term Bond Funds




T. Rowe Price California Tax Free Bond Fund (PRXCX)


3.25%


0.49%


Nuveen California Municipal Bond Fund (NCAAX)


4.54%


0.77%


USAA California Bond Fund (USCBX)


3.96%


0.57%





Muni Massachusetts Bond Funds




Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund (FDMMX)


3.54%


0.46%


Vanguard Massachusetts Tax-Exempt Fund (VMATX)


3.57%


0.16%


AB Municipal Income Fund II Mass. Portfolio (AMAAX)


3.91%


0.77%





Muni Minnesota Bond Funds




SIT Minnesota Tax Free Income Fund (SMTFX)


3.29%


0.82%


Fidelity Minnesota Municipal Income Fund (FIMIX)


3.01%


0.49%


Columbia Minnesota Tax-Exempt Fund (IMNTX)


3.38%


0.83%





Muni National Intermediate-Term Bond Funds




State Farm Municipal Bond Fund (SFBDX)


3.13%


0.15%


Wells Fargo Advantage Core Builder Series M (WFCMX)


3.47%


0.00%


Vanguard High Yield Tax Exempt Fund (VWAHX)


3.75%


0.20%





Muni National Long-Term Bond Funds




USAA Tax Exempt Long Term Fund (USTEX)


3.36%


0.55%


T. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Income Fund (PRINX)


3.31%


0.50%


T. Rowe Price Tax Free Income Fund (PRTAX)


3.14%


0.51%





Muni National Short-Term Bond Funds




U.S. Global Investors Near-Term Tax-Free Fund (NEARX)


1.58%


0.45%


Invesco Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (AITFX)


1.65%


0.38%


Vanguard Limited Term Tax Exempt Fund (VMLTX)


1.07%


0.20%





Muni New Jersey Bond Funds




T. Rowe Price New Jersey Tax Free Bond Fund (NJTFX)


2.78%


0.51%


Vanguard New Jersey Long Term Tax Exempt Fund (VNJTX)


1.49%


0.20%


Eaton Vance New Jersey Municipal Income fund (ETNJX)


1.90%


0.74%





Muni New York Intermediate-Term Bond Funds




Franklin N.Y. Intermediate Tax-Free Income Fund (FKNIX)


2.81%


0.66%


Western Asset Intermediate Maturity NY Munis Fund (IMNYX)


2.56%


0.75%


Columbia AMT-Free
N.Y. Intermediate Muni Bond Fund (LNYAX)


2.49%


0.75%





Muni New York Long-Term Bond Funds




T. Rowe Price New York Tax Free Bond Fund (PRNYX)


3.48%


0.49%


Vanguard New York Long Term Tax Exempt Fund (VNYTX)


3.73%


0.20%


Columbia New York Tax-Exempt Fund (COLNX)


3.88%


0.78%





Muni Ohio Bond Funds




Vanguard Ohio Long Term Tax Exempt Fund (VOHIX)


3.99%


0.16%


Fidelity Ohio Municipal Income Fund (FOHFX)


4.30%


0.48%


Franklin Ohio Tax-Free Income Fund (FTOIX)


3.94%


0.63%





Muni Pennsylvania Bond Funds




Fidelity Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund (FPXTX)


3.43%


0.49%


Vanguard Pennsylvania Long Term Tax Exempt Fund (VPAIX)


3.89%


0.20%


Wells Fargo Advantage Pennsylvania Tax-Free Fund (EKVAX)


3.88%


0.74%





Muni Single-State Intermediate Term Bond Funds




Fidelity Michigan Municipal Income Fund (FMHTX)


3.67%


0.48%


Colorado Bond Shares A Tax Exempt Fund (HICOX)


4.47%


0.70%


Dupree Alabama Tax Free Income Series Fund (DUALX)


3.13%


0.81%





Muni Single-State Long-Term Bond Funds 




T. Rowe Price Maryland Tax Free Bond Fund (MDXBX)


3.35%


0.45%


T. Rowe Price Georgia Tax Free Bond Fund (GTFBX)


3.42%


0.53%


T. Rowe Virginia Tax Free Bond Fund (PRVAX)


3.20%


0.47%





Muni Single-State Short-Term Bond Funds




Fidelity California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)


1.51%


0.49%


Dupree Kentucky Tax-Free Short-to-Medium Series (KYSMX)


1.22%


0.74%


Thornburg California Limited Term Municipal Fund (LTCAX)


1.40%


0.94%





Source: U.S. News & World Report Best Mutual Funds-Municipal Bond Rankings

The Bottom Line 
If you’re looking for holdings for the fixed-income portion of your investment portfolio, these tax-free income funds may fit the bill. Just make sure to buy the municipal bond funds in accounts outside of your 401(k) plan, 403(b) or individual retirement account (IRA) to reap the best benefit of the tax free yield. (For more, see: ETF Analysis: iShares National AMT-Free Muni Bond.)









  






 









STOCKS: 
FKTFX, VLTCX 



































      Trending
    



The Trump Economy: News and Analysis




Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors




Who is Anthony Scaramucci?




Why Retiring on 70% of Your Income Might Be Tough




Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing















Trading Center















Partner Links



















Want to learn how to invest?
Get a free 10 week email series that will teach you how to start investing.
Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.









No thanks, I prefer not making money.



























 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































 

Blackrock Co-investment Fund Iv L.p - Us Tax Exempt Series - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/159686-blackrock-co-investment-fund-iv-l-p-us-tax-exempt-seriessection=companies&subsection=detail&id=159686  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Blackrock Co-investment Fund Iv L.p - Us Tax Exempt SeriesCompany DetailsGet alertedif Blackrock Co-investment Fund Iv L.p - Us Tax Exempt Series gets funded!Blackrock Co-investment Fund Iv L.p - Us Tax Exempt SeriesFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesWashingtonSeattleIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors June 30th, 2014$44,000,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Blackrock Co-investment Fund Iv L.p - Us Tax Exempt Series gets funded?Key peopleDavid BarenborgExecutive OfficerRobert EllsworthExecutive OfficerMark EverittExecutive OfficerJ. MatterExecutive OfficerBryan WhiteExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!