

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Thomas Robert Colan - Centreville, VA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Thomas Robert Colan in Centreville, VA


Thomas Robert Colan

                                                                           Intelius found that Thomas Robert Colan  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Centreville, VA.  We have connected them to
                20 addresses,
                11 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Tom  Colan


Get Report Now

Age

Thomas Robert Colan is in his 60s

Thomas Has Lived In

Centreville, VA
Herndon, VA
Springfield, VA

Thomas's Relatives

Kathleen Colan
Anna Colan
Nancy Colan
Brett Colan







Thomas Robert Colan



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President Controller at Computer Sciences Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Thomas? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Thomas, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Thomas Robert Colan
Get a Criminal Check on Thomas Robert Colan
Get a Public Record Report on Thomas Robert Colan
Get a People Search Report on Thomas Robert Colan


Thomas Robert Colan's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Thomas Robert Colan has lived as well as Thomas Robert Colan's phone numbers and email addresses.




Thomas Robert Colan Has Lived in 4 States
Virginia Address for Thomas Robert Colan


14497 C**** B***** C* 

Centreville, VA


Has Lived In

Centreville, VA
Herndon, VA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Thomas Robert Colan

(540) ***-**** - Spotsylvania, VA 
(703) ***-**** - Centreville, VA 
(703) ***-**** - Ashburn, VA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Thomas Robert Colan

k********a@***.com
t*******n@***.com
t********1@***.com


Get Email Report




Thomas Robert Colan's Professional Information
Information regarding Thomas Robert Colan's professional history.  Find out previous places Thomas Robert Colan has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Thomas Robert Colan Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Computer Sciences Corporation
               Title: Vice President Controller
Company: Discovery Education Inc
               Title: Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Thomas Robert Colan's Experience
Title: Vice President Controller
               Company: Computer Sciences Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 25,000 to less than 100,000
Title: Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
               Company: Discovery Education Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on Thomas Robert Colan

 See Thomas Robert Colan's LinkedIn Profile



Thomas Robert Colan's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Thomas Robert Colan


Thomas Robert Colan's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Thomas Robert Colan's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Thomas Colan
Username Matches

                  ThomasColan
                  ColanThomas
                  Thomas.Colan
                  Colan.Thomas
                  Thomas_Colan
                  Colan_Thomas
                  Thomas-Colan
                  Colan-Thomas
                  TColan
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Colan







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Colon Cleanse - Is Your Colon Cleanse Product Effective?















 
			home		

			colon cleanse Information		

			product comparisons		

			FAQ		

			contact us		








		What You Will Learn	

Which of all the Colon Cleanse Treatments is best for you and is also the BEST BUY!The Formulation and Ingredients That Yield the Best Results!How to Not Get Ripped off Buying Cheap Products 



		The 6 Features to Evaluate When Rating Colon Cleanse Treatments:	

1. The Ingredients2. The Company's Reputation3. Product Testing Results4. Customer Reviews5. Cost per pill6. Return Policy & Guarantee 




		Sign Up For Our Newsletter, Health Tips & Product Discounts Now!
	







 


					Our #1 Pick
				


 

Is Your Colon Cleanse Product Effective?
How To Pick An Effective Colon Cleanser That Works
And Get It At A Great Price

With all the renewed interest surrounding colon cleansing, we decided it was time to write an in-depth analysis of effective supplements used for internal cleansing and what you want to look out for when buying an effective colon cleanser.
Supplement manufacturers have been crawling out of the woodwork to create their ‘version’ of colon cleansing supplements, with wild claims as to the actual benefits. As each new company bursts into the market with their own ‘proprietary colon cleansing formula’, it becomes harder to separate fact from fiction, premium product from worthless imitation.
We decided it was time to analyze them ourselves to find out which products were sub-par, which were flat-out lying about what was even in their pills, and which, if any, might actually be worth a try.
As we rounded up all of the big brands in the industry, we could see straight off the bat which companies were only there to make a quick buck.

Most colon cleansers do not contain what’s actually on the label.
In addition, we found that most companies who claim to have effective proven ingredients, actually don’t have. Furthermore, they include many irrelevant extras. This is disheartening and makes it difficult for the consumer to know which manufacturers are lying and which are telling the truth.

It’s hard to believe, but most companies slap on a label that says ‘Colon Cleanser’, often without even mentioning how much of each ingredient is in each pill or without actually including the amount they claim.

What Did We Research?
With hundreds of manufacturers out there, we wanted to figure out what to look for and how to overcome our concerns regarding herbal supplements. We started the process by making a list of the main concerns we have over buying a good colon cleansing product.

It’s not going to be effective. The truth is, there are a lot of products that don’t work at all. Typically, this is because they don’t contain the right ingredients or the right proportions. A lot of interested consumers don’t realize how exact a science creating an effective supplement really is.


It’s going to be too expensive to afford. As we conducted our research, we found that a lot of companies sell colon cleansing supplements for $100 or more! Who wants to risk that kind of money on what could just be snake oil salesmanship?


The company I buy from might just be exploiting another fad. How can you tell when a manufacturer is just trying to cash in on the latest trend? Most of those companies are all gimmick and no substance. How do you know that the company you choose to buy from is giving you the real deal?

Finding High Quality Colon Cleansers
So, how can you identify the legitimate products through all the smoke? There are a few key factors to look for that can all but guarantee the product is genuine.
1. Third Party Monitoring: Independent monitoring companies track each company’s reputation and customer satisfaction. One of the most important qualities for a supplement manufacturer is their reputation. Look for a company with a solid reputation backed by third party monitoring.
2. Risk Free Money Back Guarantee: Go with a company that guarantees their product and offers your money back if you aren’t satisfied. If the company is not willing to put their money where their mouth is, that means they don’t believe in their own product.
3. Third Party Testing: Different than third party monitoring, third party testing verifies the quality of each company’s products. Third party testing is really expensive for manufacturers, since it can actually disqualify entire shipments of pills. But when companies don’t have independent quality control, there is no guarantee that their products are what they claim to be.
Colon Cleansing Brands Research
Your time and money is valuable and we don’t want you to waste either one. So, we did the research on most of the top products available.
We studied each product to determine which consistently had not only the right ingredients, but also the right proportions. We disqualified the ones with unnecessary, synthetic fillers and those whose contents differed drastically from pill to pill.
But, we didn’t stop there. After all, numbers and percentages are only part of the story. We went on to seek out real customers who had used the products we tested. We asked them for testimonials and compared them with our notes, and then compiled this information to give you a list of the best products on the market.
What our Research Uncovered
A good colon cleanse product should contain gentle and effective ingredients to internally cleanse and probiotics to promote healthy intestinal flora.
Most brands did not pass the above criteria.
Some of the companies included some key ingredients, but only focused on one aspect of colon health e.g. internal cleansing, when in fact, colon nourishment and disease prevention should also be addressed. Also, we found that some companies use poor quality ingredients and weaker potency than what was used in the clinical studies that led to optimum health improvement. Other companies filled their supplements with cheap fillers, binders, and other synthetic ingredients. Almost all of them avoided quality control testing.
The brands we did pick, we stand by. We are confident that these products can help you achieve your goals.
Our Colon Cleansing Product Top Pick:
We are excited about our final pick and we think you’ll agree. This company has a solid reputation, a high quality product, third party monitoring and testing. It also has an excellent return policy and stands by its products.










				Rating: Excellent





High Quality Ingredients
The Right Proportions
Risk Free Trial
Affordable Price
Powerful Testimonials
Reputable History




#1 Top Pick
Research Verified Colon Detox Cleanse

If you want to try a colon cleanser, then Research Verified should be your first choice. If any colon cleansing supplement is going to work for you, this is it.
It has the highest quality, clinically proven ingredients, in the right dose, doesn’t have any binders or fillers, and is 100% safe to use.
Quality: Their product contains 14 key ingredients for optimizing colon health including Psyllium Husks, Apple Pectin, Papaya Leaves, Mangosteen,  Aloe Vera, Bentonite Clay and the probiotic – L-acidophilus, to name but a few. Effective for gentle effective internal cleansing plus long term optimal intestinal health.
Reputation: Their reputation is top notch. They have several third party monitoring services, including buySAFE, Norton, and Trustee.
Guarantee: All purchases of Research Verified Colon Detox Cleanse are backed by a 365 day Risk Free 100% Money Back Guarantee. That is the best guarantee that we have seen from any manufacturer. This 1 year guarantee shows how confident they are in their product.
Perhaps most importantly, they’re an established company that offers excellent customer service, safe checkout and on-time delivery.
They clearly have a commitment to quality as well, and guarantee that their supplements are made in an FDA registered laboratory that is cGMP certified.
So, if you’re looking for the best colon cleansing product available from a reputable company with a rock solid 365 day Money Back Guarantee, then this is the product to try.
The only issue with Research Verified is that due to the high demand they are often sold out. To avoid having to put yourself on a waiting list, take advantage of the benefits while they’re in stock.

Find Out More >>









				Rating: Good







#2 Pick
Life Smart Acai Super Cleanse #1

Falling just short of our number one selection is Life Smart Acai Super Cleanse #1. Their product is sold at Amazon, which is very convenient and looks good. It contains Acai Fruit, Senna Leaves and Walnut Hull, plus others and is said to be ‘High Potency’. However, we were unable to locate a comprehensive transparent breakdown of the ingredients’ dosages that are contained within the product. Secondly, we struggled to find relevant studies to support this proprietary blend of ingredients. It actually states on their website that they do not have scientific evidence that this product works. That being said, they they have many positive comments about its effectiveness and we felt that it was definitely a well made product, so we decided take a closer look.
There are many consumer reviews posted on their website. They contained, only positive reviews, which is to be expected on their own website. So, we checked out their reviews on Amazon, the general consensus being that this is a beneficial product, albeit, we did find several unhappy customers stating that it left them feeling bloated.
Even though Life Smart Acai Super Cleanse #1 were on the right track including some of the ingredients it did, but we felt that they could have added several more key ingredients for increased effectiveness plus key ingredients for long term colon health. Plus, we would like to have seen more transparent information regarding the content and potency of the ingredients it does contain. For these reasons, we ended up knocking it down to the #2 spot.
Take a closer look and decide for yourself…









				Rating: OK







#3 Pick
Digest-It Colon Cleanse

This product is made by a company called Digest It, and contains some key ingredients that are said to naturally cleanse the colon. These include Rhubarb, Cascara Sagrada, Bentonite Clay, Cape Aloe, Flax Seed, Senna and others. The manufacturer suggests that this product maximizes colon health and helps relieve constipation. However, we would like to have seen the inclusion of a probiotic and some other ingredients that would enable consumers to use this for long term benefit for optimizing colon health
Since the company itself has a good track record, we still consider this to be a solid product. Just remember that it has a few slight disadvantages.
Most consumers we spoke to were pretty satisfied with it, with some good consumer reviews. However, upon further inspection, we found feedback from their Amazon website showing almost half of those who bought this product were not happy with the results. They offer free shipping when you spend over $35 however, we were unable to find a solid money back guarantee on their website, so consumers may be taking a risk with this product if it doesn’t provide relief for them and they need to return it.
There were certainly some positives here, but would need some significant improvements to bump this  up.
Take a better look at the actual product...;










Consumer Review  Copyright © 2017. All Rights Reserved.
				

Terms of Uses | Privacy Policy





 


Colan Australia | The Fabric of Australia














Colan Australia
 Australia +61 2 9672 7888








TheFabric ofAustralia
Select a division 



Colan Australia Materials & Fabrics
Established in 1954, Colan Australia is an internationally recognised manufacturer and distributor of high performance industrial textiles. We services three key industrial sectors; Composite Reinforcements, Thermal & Protective and Geotextiles.
Our commitment to Australian manufacturing will always remain. We do however recognise the impact international market forces have had on the Australian manufacturing sector. Through technology transfer agreements Colan has established a global network of manufacturing alliances committed to Colan's weaving technologies, specifications and quality assurance. This combination of locally and internationally sourced products allows us to remain both internationally competitive and committed to Australian manufacturing.
Colan Australia's objective is to offer you the highest quality products at the lowest possible prices.






Composite Reinforcements 
 view division 






Thermal & Protective
 view division 




Copyright 2015. Colan Australia. All Rights Reserved. ABN: 68 002 645061
















Colan Thomas | Venice FL | Read Reviews + Get a Free Quote | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Colan Thomas?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Colan Thomas
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






C







BZ Score:
90







License # 0039025




Venice, FL









Colan Thomas




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


Venice

 
/


 best General Contractors in Venice 

 



Updated: Jan 21, 2016





Overview

Colan Thomas in Venice, FL holds a Certified Building Contractor  license (0039025) according to the Florida license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.BuildZoom has not verified this license since its expiration date. If you are thinking of hiring Colan Thomas, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Colan Thomas Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Commercial Construction
Other New Construction
Kitchen Addition
Bathroom Addition
Room Addition
Other Additions
Multi-Room Remodel
Kitchen Remodel
Bathroom Remodel
Basement Remodel
Commercial Renovation
Multi-Family Remodeling
Other Remodeling
Office Renovation
Restaurant Renovation
Retail Renovation
Other Tenant Improvement
Framing
Garage Construction






Contact




Street Address: 222 Parkview Dr, Venice, FL 34293 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









9001 Daniels Parkway Ste 200, Fort Myers, FL 33912



Commercial Construction Coordinators LLC




License # 0015910


Fort Myers, FL







95

BZ Score


$68.3K
Avg Project 


2
Projects














3249 Cunliffe Rd, North Port, FL 34287



Manasota Commercial Construction Co




License # CBC040689


North Port, FL







99

BZ Score


$105K
Avg Project 


10
Projects














115 Morse Court, North Venice, FL 34275



Commercial Residential Construction Veniceinc




License # 0058897


Nokomis, FL







107

BZ Score


$4.7K
Avg Project 


250
Projects













Colan Thomas Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Colan Thomas. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Colan Thomas










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Colan Thomas,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Colan Thomas








95


Commercial Construction Coordinators LLC







99


Manasota Commercial Construction Co







107


Commercial Residential Construction Veniceinc






Request a Quote







License info














License Not Verified


License #0039025StatusActiveStateFloridaTypeCertified Building Contractor


When BuildZoom last verified this license, it had an expiration date of August, 2010. Check the current license status of Colan Thomas with the Florida Department of Business & Professional Regulation












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Florida:













Does Colan Thomas carry a valid contracting license?



If you pay someone to construct a building or a structure, make structural alterations to load bearing walls, or perform services such as plumbing or air conditioning work, that person must have a state contractor's license.
Colan Thomas currently holds license 0039025 (Certified Building Contractor), which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Florida?



The Florida Construction Industry License Board maintains high standards for contractor licensing. Prior to receiving their license, Florida contractors are required to prove four years of relevant work experience or education; pass a board examination and prove financial solvency.











Your liability risk when hiring Colan Thomas



In Florida, licensed contractors with employees are required to carry workers' compensation insurance and attest they have obtained public liability and property damage insurance in the amounts determined by the Board.











Financial recourse when hiring Colan Thomas



Florida maintains a recovery fund, called the Florida Homeowners' Construction Recovery Fund, which is available to a natural person who has suffered monetary damages by the financial mismanagement or misconduct of a contractor, and who has exhausted all other sources of payment. The Board makes the determination of eligibility for an award. Florida contractors are not required to carry an active bond.











What else should I know before hiring Colan Thomas



As of 2007, the Florida DBPR began requiring license applicants to submit their fingerprints, which are used to run a criminal background check with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. In addition, they are required to provide a credit report during the license application process to demonstrate financial stability. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



The Florida Construction Industry License Board recommends getting at least three written bids before hiring a contractor. Do not automatically accept the lowest bid - an abnormally low bid may indicate the contractor made a mistake and is not including the same work quoted by their competitors. We've made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Colan Thomas
We will attempt to deliver your message to Colan Thomas. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.

































































Colon Cleanse & Colon Cleansing with the Best Colon Cleansers







































Home
Best Colon Cleansers
Reviews
Articles
Privacy Policy
Disclosure
Contact Us
 

Get Colon Cleansers that Really Work!

If you’ve been looking for the best colon cleansers, you’ve come to the right place! 
With so many scams and bogus products being marketed out there, we recognize consumers need more honest and up-to-date information to help them decide which colon cleansers really work to cleanse their colon and help them lose weight. And that’s why we built ColonCleanser.net.
What You Should be Looking for in a Colon Cleanser
To help you find effective, safe, and affordable colon cleansers, we’ve researched the most popular products. We use the following criteria to evaluate colon cleansers so you can find the best products:

By rating and then recommending products that shine in all these categories, we have identified the colon cleansers that really work. Below we’ve listed the best colon cleansers and where to get the best prices.
10 Best Colon Cleansers of 2017
#1 Colovexus Effectiveness:4.8/5Speed of Results:4.8/5Ingredient Quality:4.9/5Long-Term Results:4.9/5Product Safety:4.9/5Overall Value:4.8/5 Money-Back Guarantee: 90 DaysRetail Price: $87.99Get Lowest Price: $39.99Click for Best Price »

This best-selling colon cleanser is renowned for being engineered with the most advanced formula featuring 10 Patented and Trademarked Colon Cleansing Ingredients. By using a powerful 2 stage cleansing system, Colovexus works to uniquely cleanse, detoxify, replenish and purify your digestive system all for LESS THAN $40! Compare that to its regular price of $87.99 and you will see how good of a deal Colovexus is right now. 
Colovexus contains all-natural ingredients like Psyllium Husk, Fibersol-2, Flax Seed, Uva Ursi and others to safely restore the overall health of the digestive system. The benefits from these ingredients include: the elimination of constipation, fatigue, parasites, bad breath, a protruding belly, hemorrhoids, yeast infections, irritable bowel syndrome, headaches, back aches, and skin issues like acne. Colovexus is also the ONLY colon cleanser that we have found to help you lose up to 20 pounds of undigested waste with its 2-stage formula! Not only has Colovexus proven to be the best colon cleansing system on the market, it also impressed us with its 100% Money Back Guarantee that promises results or your money back! Read More…
Lowest Price Online »Read Review »
#2 LipoClen Effectiveness:4.8/5Speed of Results:4.9/5Ingredient Quality:4.9/5Long-Term Results:4.7/5Product Safety:4.8/5Overall Value:4.8/5 Money-Back Guarantee: 90 DaysRetail Price: $99.99Get Lowest Price: $29.95Click for Best Price »

Lipoclen has been helping users live healthier lives since it first hit the market. Cleansing the colon can be key in helping prevent infections, avoid sicknesses, improve overall health and eliminate obstacles preventing users from losing weight and so much more. Lipoclen works fast to eliminate the waste and toxins trapped in the digestive system so you can see every benefit of a clean colon in as little as just 7 days.  
By flushing away the toxins, waste and parasites from the colon in less than a week, you’ll quickly notice increased energy, less bloating, less constipation, more regularity and even improved skin, hair and nails. By using Lipoclen with any other supplement you rapidly maximize your results and get in the best shape of your life. And each bottle comes 100% guaranteed so you see results or you don’t pay a penny.  Read More…
Lowest Price Online »Read Review »
#3 DX-7 Effectiveness:4.2/5Speed of Results:4.1/5Ingredient Quality:4.1/5Long-Term Results:4.2/5Product Safety:4.1/5Overall Value:4/5 Money-Back Guarantee: 90 DaysRetail Price: $39.95Get Lowest Price: $19.95Click for Best Price »

DX-7 is perfect for individuals looking to improve their health and lose weight. 7 Day cycle formula is absolutely loaded with some of the best vitamins, minerals and herbal ingredients to cleanse away your toxins and impurities fast to help you lose weight and feel great.
By rapidly eliminating impurities and toxins found in the digestive system, DX-7 can help increase energy levels, improve the skin condition and even strengthen the immune system while it removes the obstacles preventing you from losing weight. It’s the easiest colon cleanser to take and you won’t find a better-tasting colon cleanser out there. Read More…
Lowest Price Online »Read Review »
#4 Colon Green Effectiveness:4.1/5Speed of Results:4/5Ingredient Quality:4/5Long-Term Results:4/5Product Safety:4.4/5Overall Value:4.1/5 Money-Back Guarantee: NoneRetail Price: $14.95Get Lowest Price: $9.95Click for Best Price »

Colon Green is proving to be one of the healthiest and most effective fiber supplements to provide users the colon cleanse they’re looking for. By utilizing key digestive enzymes, fiber and Lacotspore and acidophilus, Colon Green naturally and safely cleanses the junk and garbage that’s clogging your digestive system. As Colon Green works, you’ll notice it’s easier to lose weight, you’ll notice increased energy and so much more.
The powerful probiotics in Colon Green are perfect for removing harmful toxins from the intestines and eliminating parasites and other potentially dangerous toxins. Colon Green stands out as one of the most affordable and effective colon cleansers available. Read More…
Lowest Price Online »Read Review »
#5 Twinlab Colon Care Effectiveness:3.9/5Speed of Results:3.8/5Ingredient Quality:4/5Long-Term Results:3.9/5Product Safety:4/5Overall Value:4/5 Money-Back Guarantee: NoneRetail Price: $20.94Get Lowest Price: $12.99Click for Best Price »

The healthy, proven probiotics found in each bottle of Twinlab’s Colon Care are proven to support a healthy colon. Colon Care is also great for helping you improve intestinal tract health and preventing problems in the digestive system. With the toxins, bacteria and parasites found in food, in the air and the water, it’s no wonder so many people suffer so many different health problems. By using Colon Care, you can overcome problems like arthritis, skin problems, headaches and more as it quickly flushes the colon and digestive system. In every bottle of Colon Care you get 5 grams of healthy, natural fiber, 17 grams of Barley Wheat and 250mg of Vitamin C.
Colon Care is the perfect colon cleanser to provide the added support your digestive system needs to function at its healthiest. And for less than $15 a bottle, Colon Care makes taking care of your colon and your health more affordable than ever. Read More…
Lowest Price Online »Read Review »
#6 Colovox Effectiveness:3.8/5Speed of Results:3.9/5Ingredient Quality:3.8/5Long-Term Results:3.8/5Product Safety:3.9/5Overall Value:3.7/5 Money-Back Guarantee: 90 DayRetail Price: $69.99Get Lowest Price: $29.95Click for Best Price »

As an industry leading colon cleanser, Colovox is designed to help you feel cleaner, happier, and slimmer! By cleansing the gastrointestinal tract of unnecessary toxic waste, Colovox can eliminate the root of chronic health conditions you never would have traced back to an unhealthy colon. With its improved delivery system, Colovox is able to pack more power into its formula than most leading colon cleansers on the market.
Featuring Fibersol-2, as one of the safest and most powerful ingredients on the market, Colovox helps get rid of the toxins and waste that has built up after years of consuming fast and processed food. Many customers attribute Colovox for their gastrointestinal cleansing and renewal and in turn, safely getting rid of constipation, weight gain, Irritable Bowel Syndrome, and bloating. Read More…
Lowest Price Online »Read Review »
#7 7 Day Detox Effectiveness:3.7/5Speed of Results:3.6/5Ingredient Quality:3.6/5Long-Term Results:3.7/5Product Safety:3.5/5Overall Value:3.9/5 Money-Back Guarantee: 90 DaysRetail Price: $59.99Get Lowest Price: $19.99Click for Best Price »

After its recent release, 7 Day Detox has climbed the rankings to become one of the best-selling detox diet pills to hit the market in years. This powerful detox and cleansing product was created to flush harmful toxins and waste from your body and jump start your weight loss efforts. At an amazing value UNDER $20, it is no wonder why millions are turning to 7 Day Detox.
Created as the ultimate Detox Fat Burner, 7 Day Detox works synergistically to eliminate harmful toxins and undigested waste with its powerful all-natural ingredients. The amazing thing about 7 Day Detox is how quickly it starts to work. We were quite concerned with the safety effects associated with such a powerful formulation, but we found 7 Day Detox to contain 100% all natural and safe ingredients. 7 Day Detox is the perfect colon cleanser due to its proven efficacy and price! Read More…
Lowest Price Online »Read Review »
#8 3 Day Detox Effectiveness:3.6/5Speed of Results:3.6/5Ingredient Quality:3.9/5Long-Term Results:3.3/5Product Safety:3.6/5Overall Value:3.5/5 Money-Back Guarantee: 90 DaysRetail Price: $29.99Get Lowest Price: $19.99Click for Best Price »

3 Day Detox is making it possible to cleanse and detoxify the colon in as little as 3 days. It’s the only colon cleanser proven to help users eliminate as much as 10 lbs. of waste and toxins so quickly. By combining 15 all-natural detoxifying ingredients, 3 Day Detox flushes the body to make losing weight easier than ever before possible.
Users notice unbelievable benefits as quick as possible when they use 3 Day Detox. 3 Day Detox is one of the best colon cleansers to help users increase their energy and improve their mood, lose added weight as a result of a clogged colon and so much more. This powerful, fast-acting formula is packed with natural detoxifiers, diuretics and everything else the body needs to restore optimal colon health. Read More…
Lowest Price Online »Read Review »
#9 QuickTrim Burn and Cleanse Effectiveness:3.6/5Speed of Results:3.7/5Ingredient Quality:3.5/5Long-Term Results:3.7/5Product Safety:3.6/5Overall Value:3.6/5 Money-Back Guarantee: NoneRetail Price: $49.99Get Lowest Price: $19.95Click for Best Price »

The popular Quicktrim has developed Quicktrim Burn & Cleanse as a way for women to cleanse their digestive system in as little as 14 days. This popular colon cleanser works in two ways to help women overcome their struggles losing weight. Burn & Cleanse works to increase thermogenesis to increase the fat you burn and then also flushes waste from the colon. This dual-purpose colon cleanser is absolutely great at helping users get the figure they’re looking for.
Quicktrim Burn & Cleanse is one of the only colon cleansers proven to powerfully burn fat all day while it is working to cleanse the colon. It’s a great way for any women to get in better shape.  Read More…
Lowest Price Online »Read Review »
#10 7 Day Colon Flush Effectiveness:3.5/5Speed of Results:3.4/5Ingredient Quality:3.6/5Long-Term Results:3.6/5Product Safety:3.5/5Overall Value:3.7/5 Money-Back Guarantee: 90 DaysRetail Price: $39.99Get Lowest Price: $29.99Click for Best Price »

7-Day Colon Flush is the best way to fight toxic build up and lose weight. This powerful colon cleanser helps eliminate the chemicals trapped in the digestive system that are found in the air we breathe, the food we eat and the water we drink. These harmful toxins can build up in the body and slow down your metabolism and prevent you from losing weight. Rather than crossing your fingers and hoping that a healthy diet will work, take action with 7-Day Colon Flush’s purifying ingredients! This gentle but effective formula will cleanse your digestive system with 40 proven detoxifying ingredients!
Developed to help you burn fat and enhance your digestive system, 7-Day Colon Flush is a safe, healthy, and natural way to detox your colon. With time-tested ingredients such green tea and acai, 7-Day Colon Flush works with your body to boost your energy levels, speed your metabolism, and flush your body of harsh toxins and chemicals for a slimmer, healthier you! Try 7-Day Colon Flush today risk-free!  Read More…
Lowest Price Online »Read Review »



Popular Colon Cleansers

3 Day DetoxWill 3 Day Detox really work in just 72 hours?
7 Day Colon FlushDoes this really work in just 7 days?
7 Day DetoxCan this give you the cleanse you want?
ColovexusWill you get the cleanse you want with this?
ColovoxHow powerful is this 2-step system?
LipoClenCan a safe cleanser really work?
QuickTrim Burn and CleanseDoes this cleanse work?
Xxtra CleanCan this give you the cleanse you need?
See All Colon Cleanser Reviews



Must Read Articles

Cleansing Smoothies- Go Green to Lose Weight
Colon Irrigation: Questions and Answers
Good Colon Cleansers – What You Need to Know
See All Articles



#1 Colon Cleanser
Colovexus


Guarantee:
90 Day

Retail Price:
$87.99

Lowest Price:
$39.99


9 Proven Ingredients
Powerful 2-Stage System
100% Money Back Guarantee!

Lowest Price Online »
 




Home
Best Colon Cleansers
Reviews
Articles
Privacy Policy
Disclosure
Contact Us




Under Federal Regulation, the Federal Trade Commission requires that disclosures on any relationship which provide any compensation at any time. From time to time, this website requires revenue to provide free services to all users. Some links on this website contain affiliate or referral links that compensates us for buying a product or service after being referral to from our website due to any mention or recommendation. For that we are compensated with a commission. 

Copyright© 2017 ColonCleanser.net -- All Rights Reserved











ThomasProducts



















 

Skip to main content














Cart is empty






Cart is empty



View cart


Checkout








 
        My Account






Orders
Comparison list





Track my order(s)

Track my order(s)







Sign inRegister






Email



PasswordForgot your password?



Register for a new account


Anti-bot validation




Sign in


Remember me
















Call


Email










 









 





Menu








                        Flow Switch
                    




Liquid Calibration








1100 Series


1200 Series


1300 Series


1400 Series


View more →






Gaseous Calibration








1500 Series













                        Level Switch
                    




Custom Specification








4000 Series






Tank Top/ Bottom








4200 Series


4200H Series


4500 Series


4600 Series


View more →






Tank Side








3900 Series


4400 Series


4100 Series


4900 Series


View more →






Leak Detecting








3800 Series













                        Non-Electric Indicator
                    




Flow Indication








5200 Series






Level Indication








5100 Series


5101 Series













                        Pump Control
                    




Dry Location








1801 Series


2601 Series


1804 Series


2604 Series


View more →






Weather Resistant








1804W Series


2604W Series


2654W Series













                        Accessory
                    




Adapter








9/16"-18 ORB


1" Spigot


2" Spigot






Junction Box








Relay








General Purpose


Latching






Spud











                        Selection Guides
                    























 
 
Welcome to ThomasProd.com!Fastest service is provided through our Experienced Product Specialists!
For assistance finding things yourself try our new Interactive Selection Guide (HERE) to help find what you need!

From day one, Thomas Products LTD., set out to provide the best quality level and flow sensors in the industry. We have achieved just that by constantly innovating and implementing cutting-edge production techniques that ultimately save our clients time and money. What sets Thomas Products apart from our competitors is our ability to customize our products to fit your needs, and provide ongoing support. Take a peek Inside Our Company(We are working diligently to finish uploading new Inspection Quality photos for all our products if your product is missing them please contact us through the green chat box in the bottom right and we'll upload the ones you require asap!)

                    
                                            Featured Products
                                        

                



 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 





                
                                    Flow Switches/    Level Switches/    Pump Controls
                                

            





















P/N 12603




$148.00

















P/N 12614




$274.00

















P/N 12618




$170.00

















P/N 12619




$170.00

















P/N 12623




$170.00
















P/N 12676




$84.00

















P/N 12689




$48.00

















P/N 12695




$48.00

















P/N 12696




$48.00
















P/N 12726




$195.00

















P/N 18128




$188.00

















P/N 18154




$312.00

















P/N 18211




$398.00

















P/N 18212




$398.00

















P/N 18217




$398.00

















P/N 18218




$398.00

















P/N 18231




Contact us for a price

















P/N 18232




Contact us for a price

















P/N 18243




$685.00

















P/N 18257




$805.00

















P/N 18258




$805.00

















P/N 18261




$805.00

















P/N 18301




$163.00
















P/N 18327




$78.00
















P/N 18360




$222.00

















P/N 18545




$305.00

















P/N 24222




$214.00

















P/N 42549-A




$59.00

















P/N 43034




$94.00

















P/N 43529




$121.03










_______________________________




                    
                                            Recent Blog Posts
                                        

                




Feature Requests


Known Issues at Time of Original Release


Blog Home






                    
                                            Primary Blog Posts
                                        

                



Blog Home


Fall 2016 Update



Subscribe to our mailing list* indicates requiredEmail Address *First Name *Last Name * 








 
 









 
 

Account Information

Orders
Profile Details





Thomas Products Ltd.

About Us
Full Contacts
News & Updates
Privacy Policy
Admin Panel





Customer Service

Sitemap
Service Request Form
About your order
Comparison list
Fall 2016 Update





Quick Contacts

Email:   sales@thomasprod.com
Phone:  860-621-9101
Toll-Free:  800-666-9101
Fax:  860-621-1470
Location:  987 West St. Southington, CT 06489. USA






 
 

© Copyright: 1974-2017 Thomas Products Ltd.   Designed and built in-house by: Thomas Products Ltd.













 



































China 1857 Taku Forts medal to Assistant Surgeon Thomas Coghlan/Colan- appointed Principal Medical Officer for the Arctic Expedition 1875-76. – Medals of War
































 





Medals of War
 




Home
About Us
Contact Us
Announcements
 Shopping Cart 





Home » Products » China 1857 Taku Forts medal to Assistant Surgeon Thomas Coghlan/Colan- appointed Principal Medical Officer for the Arctic Expedition 1875-76.




Medals for SaleBadges
Campaign Medals
Coronation/Jubilee
Gallantry/Decorations/Lifesaving
International Medals
Long Service Medals
Medal Groups
Miscellaneous
What's New
WWI


Search for:



 







China 1857 Taku Forts medal to Assistant Surgeon Thomas Coghlan/Colan- appointed Principal Medical Officer for the Arctic Expedition 1875-76.
$1,350.00





China 1857 clasp Taku Forts 1860 to Dr. Thomas Coghlan, H.M.S. Beagle. Fine contemporary engraved naming, suspended from a plain pin brooch.  Also entitled to the Baltic medal, Arctic medal and Ashantee medal.
With research:  Dr. Thomas Colan (1830-85) was born in Cork, Ireland and entered the Royal Navy on Dec 5, 1853 as an Acting Assistant Surgeon on board the Royal George, in which ship he served in in the Baltic during the campaigns of 1854-55.  During the summer of 1854 the Royal George suffered from cholera and in 1856, Colan joined the Pylades in the Baltic and the Gulf of Finland.
After witnessing the Grand Naval Review held at Spithead at the conclusion of the war, he sailed for the North America and West India Station, where he continued to serve in the Boscawen, and in the surveying vessel Scorpion, until April 1857.  After serving in Hastings, he joined the Beagle in which vessel he served during the Second China War, being present at the capture of Peiho Forts, and in the Tientsin River during the operations which resulted in the fall of Pekin.
Coghlan was promoted to Surgeon on Jan 30, 1863 and shortly afterwards changed his name to Colan.  He was awarded the Sir Gilbert Blane Gold Medal for 1872 for his most distinguished medical journal for that year.  In 1873, he served in Rattlesnake during the Ashantee War and was present when Commodore Commerell was desperately wounded in the River Prah.  Mentioned in Despatches (LG. 31 March, 1874) for services during the campaign.
In 1874, Colan was in the Unicorn, drill ship for the Royal Naval Reserve at Dundee.  Appointed Principal Medical Officer for Arctic Expedition of 1875-87 under Captain George S. Nares, Colan served on board the Alert, and for his services was once again specially promoted, to Deputy Inspector-General of Hospitals and Fleets (Arctic medal).
Promoted in 1877 to Deputy Inspector of Hospitals and Fleets, and from October, he served for three years as a Port Royal in Jamaica, during which time yellow fever broke out twice.  In January 1883 he was promoted to Inspector General of Hospitals and Fleets and retired in April of that year. A fellow of the Royal Geographic Society and author of papers on Parasitic Vegetable Fungi.  Dr. Colan died Aug 18, 1885, aged 54.
Medal good very fine.








Description



Product Description
    



Related Products





 
QSA medal to SURGEON
$525.00EF

Add to cart





 
KSA medal 1902 to 3509 Pte J. Dempsey, A & S Highrs
$195.00VF

Read more





 
King’s South Africa medal to Pte Burgin, RFA- Severely wounded at Wolmaransstad!
$275.00near VF

Add to cart





 
Khedives Sudan medal 1896 in silver
$295.00Near EF

Add to cart



























 
