

Cole & Associates




















Home









Services









Associates









Clients








Contact Us









About Us




















































Associates


 



J. Steven Cole
                                                                (President)

                                                            Brings a unique profile to international business
                                                            development. Mr. Cole lived in Japan for more than eight
                                                            years and is fluent in Japanese. He brings with him many
                                                            high level successful international pharmaceutical contacts
                                                            that he has developed over 35 years in the health care
                                                            industry. Mr. Cole has previously served as Senior VP
                                                            responsible for all worldwide International Operations at
                                                            A.H. Robins and VP of Asia/Pacific and Canada for G.D.
                                                            Searle and Company. Additionally, he was a member of the
                                                            Searle Pharmaceutical Executive Committee and served on
                                                            boards of various joint ventures. Mr. Cole was also Chairman
                                                            of the PMA Far Eastern Committee and the PMA Japan Special
                                                            Committee on trade barriers. For Abbott Laboratories, he was
                                                            General Manager of Japan and early in his career, Product
                                                            and Marketing Manager in Asia and Europe.
                                                            Mr. Cole is a graduate of the University of Wisconsin,
                                                                Madison and of the American Graduate School for
                                                                International Business (Thunderbird).
Stevan F. Schweighardt (Executive
                                                                Vice President)
                                                            Has over 35 years experience in the pharmaceutical, medical
                                                            device, and diagnostic industries. He is a member of the
                                                            Licensing Executive Society. His focus includes Europe, the
                                                            U.S, and Japan. In his capacity as a licensing consultant
                                                            Mr. Schweighardt has been retained by numerous domestic and
                                                            international start-up biotechnology and pharmaceutical
                                                            company clients. In this capacity he has responsibility for
                                                            advising clients, developing deal terms and successfully
                                                            completing licensing agreements that generated significant
                                                            revenues and partnerships for client companies. Prior
                                                            positions include serving as President of a development
                                                            stage company and as a member of the Board of Directors of
                                                            several start-up companies. He was Director of Marketing and
                                                            Acquisitions for Central Diagnostic Laboratory where he
                                                            formed a new diagnostic division and helped grow the company
                                                            from $40 million to over $120 million in sales. At G.D.
                                                            Searle and Company he held management positions in sales,
                                                            marketing, and business development and had responsibility
                                                            for a number of key products.
                                                            Mr. Schweighardt is a graduate of the University of
                                                                Wisconsin, Madison, and holds an MBA from the Lake
                                                                Forest School of Management.
Tom Keller (Senior Vice
                                                                President)
                                                            Has over 40 years experience in the pharmaceutical and
                                                            health care field. In various company and consulting
                                                            positions, he has achieved outstanding results in product
                                                            management, strategic planning, new product planning, R&D
                                                            liaison, and marketing research. Mr. Keller was Senior
                                                            Marketing Director at G.D. Searle & Co. and directed
                                                            marketing programs and staff for cardiovascular, female
                                                            health care, and central nervous system products. In a prior
                                                            position as Calan�-SR Product Director, his industry peers
                                                            voted him Medical Advertising News "Pharmaceutical Marketer
                                                            of the Year." Other positions included Director, Promotion
                                                            Management for all products and Director, Marketing Research
                                                            and New Product Planning.
                                                            Mr. Keller received a BS in Pharmacy degree from the
                                                                University of Maryland. He earned an MBA in marketing
                                                                and international business from Northwestern
                                                                University's Kellogg School of Management.

Linda Nosalski, M.D. (Vice President of Medical Affairs)
                                                            As Vice President of Medical Affairs and Client Relations,
                                                            Dr. Nosalski serves as our chief
                                                            scientific and medical research coordinator. She effectively
                                                            collects data and information from
                                                            various sources to assist in client needs, while also
                                                            developing succinct and informative
                                                            materials for distribution to businesses and/or financial
                                                            audiences. She has had extensive
                                                            pathological and clinical experience, and has worked with
                                                            various medical departments and
                                                            agencies, including the Cook and DuPage County Medical
                                                            Examiner offices. Her training and
                                                            experiences have been developed worldwide. Dr. Nosalski's
                                                            medical, biological, and
                                                            research-oriented background allows her to offer unique and
                                                            perceptive expertise when reviewing
                                                            client interests, product advantages, potential issues, or
                                                            additional data needs.
                                                                
                                                                Dr. Nosalski
                                                            holds an M.D. from Xavier University School of Medicine and
                                                            a B.S. in Mathematics from Loyola
                                                            University of Chicago.
                                                            
Klaus Jülicher, (Director,
                                                                Europe)
                                                            Heads the European office of Cole & Associates. Mr. Jülicher
                                                            brings remarkable international experience to us.
                                                            He lived for 6 years in Taiwan as Country Manager
                                                            Pharmaceuticals for the former Hoechst AG, then moved on to
                                                            work in
                                                            Japan for nearly 14 years as Regional Marketing Director Far
                                                            East for GD Searle, President of Cutter Japan and President
                                                            of Bayer Yakuhin. After 20 years of service abroad, he moved
                                                            back to Germany to head Marketing and Sales for Bayer's
                                                            pharmaceutical business in Europe. He then joined Schwarz
                                                            Pharma AG as a Board Member responsible for worldwide
                                                            marketing
                                                            and sales and was for two years simultaneously running the
                                                            Schwarz US operations and living in Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
                                                            U.S.A.
                                                            Mr. Jülicher lived in London, where he headed Otsuka's
                                                            European operations with the object of expanding and
                                                            developing
                                                            a European business for Otsuka. He also served on the Board
                                                            of the Otsuka parent company as an Executive Director.
                                                            
                                                                Mr. Jülicher is a graduate of Business Management
                                                                of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany.
                                                            


                                                                    Takao Miyamoto
Heads the Japanese office of Cole &
                                                                Associates, bringing a wealth of
                                                                experience in his role as liaison to clients and
                                                                colleagues, and in market
                                                                research coordination. His pharmaceutical industry
                                                                experience includes a long
                                                                association with Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Co., Kenko
                                                                Corporation and Kyowa
                                                                Hakko Kirin. At Yamanouchi, he developed broad
                                                                expertise, particularly in the
                                                                international business of Yamanouchi in Europe and the
                                                                U.S. While heading the
                                                                London office he was involved in corporate mergers and
                                                                construction of
                                                                manufacturing facilities. He became Head of the
                                                                International Division and also
                                                                Head of Corporate Licensing. Flomax was launched in
                                                                multiple countries under his
                                                                leadership, and is the No. 1 Urology drug in the world.
                                                                He joined Kyowa Hakko
                                                                Kirin as an Operating Officer and Head of Business
                                                                Development. Mr. Miyamoto was
                                                                on the Board of Directors of Roberts Pharmaceutical
                                                                Corporation. He also has
                                                                been very active in the Japanese Pharmaceutical
                                                                Manufacturing Association (JPMA)
                                                                and graduated in Pharmaceutical Sciences from Kyoto
                                                                University.











 








 
Home | Services | Associates | Clients | Contact Us | About
                        Us
                        Copyright © Cole & Associates 2004. All Rights Reserved
                    



























Steven J.  Cole Sermon Series - WORDsearch Bible






























If you're new to Bible software, a wonderful experience is just ahead of you!



WORDsearch makes Bible study fast, easy, and fun. You are now just a few clicks away from putting a powerful, inspiring library on your computer.
Why use WORDsearch Bible software? It allows you to quickly search for Bible verses, compare Bible translations side-by-side, have multiple books open, and sync your Bible translations with your commentaries. You won't have to continuously flip through pages, and you'll be able to take your library anywhere without bringing a backpack full of books.

If you are just getting started, WORDsearch Basic is for you. It's FREE and comes loaded with some basic Bible study tools. Plus, you'll find over 200 more free books available for download on this website.
Click here for details on WORDsearch Basic »


For more advanced features you can always upgrade to WORDsearch 11.  
Click here for details »


Whether you begin with WORDsearch Basic or WORDsearch 11, you'll be on your way to building your own Bible study library. Thousands of helpful books are available from top Christian publishers. Start building your personal library today.



▲ Close






New to Bible Software?
Start here!











Email



Password




Forgot your password?


Don't have an account yet? Create one here.







Sign in
|
Sign up



WORDsearch
PO BOX 210 Hutto, TX 78634
1-800-888-9898 | 1-512-835-4477
Serving those who preach and teach to CHANGE LIVES

WORDsearch
1-800-888-9898









Home
On Sale
Best Sellers
Free Books
Gift Cards
Training
Support
About
Coupons
Blog



Sign in
WORDsearch
Account
Cart









Email



Password




Forgot your password?


Don't have an account yet? Create one here.





Customer Service

Technical Support
FAQ
About

1-800-888-9898


wordsearchsales@lifeway.com
























Join our email list for

weekly specials






First Name:




Email:











Bible Software

WORDsearch 11
WORDsearch 11 Libraries
WORDsearch Basic
myWSB.com
Distance Education
iPad/iPhone App
Android App



Catalog












Steven J.  Cole Sermon Series
37 Volumes


Author:
Steven J. Cole


Publisher:
Galaxie Software


Category:
Sermon Helps > Sermons



View Sample



$294.15 $99.95







Payment Plan Available

1-800-888-9898

Learn more



Available on








This product is an electronic addition to your
WORDsearch 11
, WORDsearch 10, or
FREE WORDsearch Basic
program.
This is not a physical book or a stand-alone program.










Tweet














Product Details
The Steven J. Cole Sermon Series is a massive supply of sermon and teaching helps. The 37 volumes are packed with a fresh supply of sermons, outlines, illustrations, and applications.
Steven Cole has been a pastor and preacher for 40 years. For the past 25 years he has pastored the Flagstaff Christian Fellowship in Arizona. Over the decades, Pastor Cole's sermons have covered much of the Bible and just about any Bible topic you can imagine. Cole is more than a preacher. He’s also a teacher. Like a preacher, he lays open a Bible passage and explains, exhorts, inspires, and encourages. But as a teacher, he offers practical insights so his listeners receive inspiration and education regarding God and themselves. He even concludes each sermon with 3 or 4 "Discussion Questions," just like you would do if leading a study group.
This bundle contains 1,083 of Cole's sermons. WORDsearch makes this collection an endless supply of ideas, outlines, and resource material that can be used in sermons and lessons.This collection is great to use as a commentary.
Like many expository preachers, Cole often tackles a whole book of the Bible and doesn’t stop until he’s preached on every chapter and verse from beginning to end. In fact, this series contains volumes on 20 of the 27 books of the New Testament. He also covers 8 Old Testament books, including a sermon on each of the 150 Psalms.
Psalm 139 “No Escape from God”
For example, in his sermon on Psalm 139, he invites you to take flight with David’s beautiful hymn of wonder and worship. In this sermon, Cole serves  fascinating clips of wisdom from Augustine, Calvin, Spurgeon, and R.C. Sproul, plus a review of human biology that is perfectly relevant to David’s Psalm. You'll want to check out this sermon, "No Escape from God."
Sermons on Kings, Holidays, and Christian Themes
Nine of the volumes in this set focus on kings and themes, including:

15 Sermons on the Kings of Judah
14 Sermons on the Life of David
9 Sermons on Evangelism
13 Sermons on Christian Living
5 Sermons on God, Money, and You
11 Sermons on Prayer in the Old Testament
18 Christmas Sermons
7 New Year’s Sermons
17 Easter Sermons

Check out a sample of this bundle by clicking on the yellow “Sample” button under the book cover on this page.
About the Author:
Steven J. Cole has been the pastor of Flagstaff Christian Fellowship since May of 1992. He graduated from Dallas Theological Seminary (Th.M. in Bible exposition) and California State University, Long Beach (B.A., philosophy.) 
Included Products


Steven Cole Sermon Series: Genesis

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: 1 Thessalonians

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: 1 Peter

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: 1 John

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: 2 Timothy

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: 2 Peter

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: 1 Timothy

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: 2 Thessalonians

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: 2 John

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: 3 John

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Acts

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Ephesians

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Easter

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Christian Family

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Christmas

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Colossians

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Finances

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Haggai

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Hebrews

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Evangelism

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Ezra

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: John

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Luke

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: James

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Jonah

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: King of Judah

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Life of David

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Philemon

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Nehemiah

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Prayer

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Psalms

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: New Years

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Malachi

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Philippians

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Zechariah

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Titus

by Steven Cole



Steven Cole Sermon Series: Romans

by Steven Cole






























J. Steven Cole - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















J. Steven Cole
Board Member at Oil-Dri Corporation of America


View Full Profile
Are you J. Steven Cole? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view J. Steven Cole's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in J. Steven Cole's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in J. Steven Cole's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with J. Steven Cole through your network of contacts.
												








J. Steven Cole's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Oil-Dri Corporation of America


Past
To view J. Steven Cole's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


University of Wisconsin


														 Master's, 
															American Graduate School for International Business


University of Michigan


Age
82

 
 


J. Steven Cole's Biography



Mr. Cole graduated from the University of Wisconsin in 1957. After serving as an officer in the United States Army, he received a master's degree from the American Graduate School for International Business following graduate studies at the University of Michigan. He began his career at Abbott Laboratories in 1962. Later, he joined G.D. Searle and Company, where he became Vice President of the Asian and Canadian Divisions, a position he held until 1986. In 1986, Mr. Cole joined A.H. Robins Company, where he was a senior vice president responsible for all international 

operations until 1990. In 1990, he joined SAV-A-LIFE Systems, Inc., a fir ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Cole graduated from the University of Wisconsin in 1957. After serving as an officer in the United States Army, he received a master's degree from the American Graduate School for International Business following graduate studies at the University of Michigan. He began his career at Abbott Laboratories in 1962. Later, he joined G.D. Searle and Company, where he became Vice President of the Asian and Canadian Divisions, a position he held until 1986. In 1986, Mr. Cole joined A.H. Robins Company, where he was a senior vice president responsible for all international 

operations until 1990. In 1990, he joined SAV-A-LIFE Systems, Inc., a firm selling specialty products to the dental and medical professions, where he served as President until 1994 and then Chairman of the Board until 2000. In 1990, Mr. Cole also became president of Cole & Associates, an international consulting firm. Mr. Cole is also a director of Aculux, Inc., IV Diagnostics, Inc. and Ocularis Inc.

Mr. Cole's individual qualifications include broad experience in international business and product development. Mr. Cole's expertise includes past leadership of various divisions of multi-national corporations with direct responsibility for international operations. In addition, Mr. Cole has served in a corporate governance role at another public company and is an "audit committee financial expert" under SEC rules. He is an accomplished advisor to many companies and organizations, providing leadership in product development, general management and technical development and has contributed to efforts dedicated to reducing trade barriers to global businesses through his active involvement with trade associations.
		
Source: Oil-Dri Corporation of America on 11/01/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view J. Steven Cole's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like J. Steven Cole. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in J. Steven Cole's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in J. Steven Cole's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with J. Steven Cole through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: J. Steven Cole


















J. Steven Cole's Connections (29)





Sign up now to view J. Steven Cole's 29 connections »









George C. Roeth
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Central Garden & Pet Company









Arnold W. Donald
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Carnival









Allan H. Selig
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation









Lawrence E. Washow
Board Member, Oil-Dri Corporation of America









Brian K. Bancroft
Former Vice President and Chief Procurement Officer, Oil-Dri Corporation of America









Richard M. Jaffee
Chairman of the Board, Oil-Dri Corporation of America









Jeffrey M. Libert
Former Treasurer and Vice President, Planning and Analysis, Oil-Dri Corporation of America









Thierry R. Jean
Former Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Packaged Goods, Oil-Dri Corporation of America









Douglas A. Graham
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Oil-Dri Corporation of America









Mark E. Lewry
Chief Operating Officer, Oil-Dri Corporation of America








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Steve Cole's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Steve Cole#743138@stevencoleukFounderstevecole.info73Following46FollowersFollow8 UpvotesKick CardsA deck of cards help startup businesses shineProductivity+ 3 save 114 12Microsoft To-DoAn intelligent task management appiPhone+ 4 save 1599 142Swipeable Panorama for InstagramShare 360 panoramas on InstagramiPhone+ 2 save 654 87Send Check ItStop sending email with bad: links, images and *FNAME*sEmail+ 2 save 300 16Ask Product HuntA community-powered product search engineProduct Hunt+ 2 save 1911 83FranzMessenger for WhatsApp, Telegram, Facebook, Slack & HipchatMessaging+ 5 save 2508 248';--have i been pwned?Check if your account has been compromised in a data breachTech save 131 8FranzMessenger for WhatsApp, Telegram, Facebook, Slack & HipchatTech save 5100 12Share this profileRecent QuestionsVideo editing app to square video and add black top and bottom bannersThe best app / site / plugin / solution for recording a vote (ideally embeddable and responsive)What's the best voting system (ideally embeddable and mobile optimized)?






 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.









        1932107638 NPI number —   JAMES STEVEN COLE  M.D.































































Tweet


Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services




Medical Data Services
Healthcare Lookup Services
NPI Lookup
1932107638






NPI 1932107638:   JAMES STEVEN COLE  M.D.














NPI Number 1932107638 General Information



 Text
            
                 
            
 PDF
            
                 
            
 XML
            
                 
            
{} JSON
            






NPI Number


                        1932107638
                    

Similar Providers
                        


Entity Type Code

                        Individual
                
Provider Name / Organization
  JAMES STEVEN COLE  M.D.
Provider Business Mailing Address

 Copy Mailing Address


First Line
5701 BRYANT IRVIN RD 
Second Line
SUITE 201 
City
FORT WORTH 
State
TX 
Postal Code (Zip)
76132-4029 
Country
US 
Phone
817-263-2500 
Fax
817-346-4006 
Provider Business Practice Location

 Copy Practice Location


First Line
5701 BRYANT IRVIN RD 
Second Line
SUITE 201 
City
FORT WORTH 
State
TX 
Postal Code (Zip)
76132-4029 
Country
US 
Phone
817-263-2500 
Fax
817-346-4006 
Authorized Official

Title or Position
 
Name
   
Credential
  
Telephone Number
  
Provider Enumeration Date
07/07/2005 
Last Updated
02/18/2013 








Is this your account? 
Edit
Delete
Synchronize



















Detailed Information


            NPI Number 1932107638 has the "Individual" type of ownership and has been registered to the following primary business legal 
            name (which is a provider name or healthcare organization name) —   JAMES STEVEN COLE  M.D.. Records indicate that the provider gender is "Male". 
            The enumeration date of this NPI Number is 07/07/2005. NPI Number information was last updated on 02/18/2013.
        
The provider is physically located (Business Practice Location) at:



                    5701 BRYANT IRVIN RD SUITE 201
                    FORT WORTH, TX
                    76132-4029, US
                


  JAMES STEVEN COLE  M.D. can be reached at his practice location using the following numbers:

Phone:  817-263-2500
Fax:  817-346-4006
        
The provider's official mailing address is:



                    5701 BRYANT IRVIN RD SUITE 201
                    FORT WORTH, TX
                    76132-4029, US
                


The contact numbers associated with the mailing address are:

Phone:  817-263-2500
Fax:  817-346-4006
        

Scope of Practice
The following information about the specialty of the provider is available:



#
Taxonomy Code
Taxonomy Specialty
License Number
License State





                            1
                        

207Q00000X


Family Medicine


                            G8053
                        

                            TX
                        










Legacy (other) Identifiers
For crosswalk purposes, the following legacy (non-NPI) identifiers are available for this provider:



#
Provider Identifier
Identifier Type
Identifier State
Issuer





                            1
                        

                            00726T
                        

                            OTHER
                        

                            TX
                        

                            MEDICARE GROUP
                        



                            2
                        

                            B64839
                        

                            MEDICARE UPIN
                        

                            TX
                        





                            3
                        

                            0094HQ
                        

                            OTHER
                        

                            TX
                        

                            BCBS GROUP
                        



                            4
                        

                            8F8890
                        

                            OTHER
                        

                            TX
                        

                            BCBS INDIVIDUAL
                        



                            5
                        

                            8936B6
                        

                            MEDICARE ID-TYPE UNSPECIFIED
                        

                            TX
                        

                            INDIVIDUAL
                        





Reference NPI Information

Full replica of the CMS (NPPES) NPI record:



Field Name
Value
Description





                                NPI
                            

                                1932107638
                            

                                10-position all-numeric identification number assigned by the NPS to uniquely identify a health care provider.
                            



                                Entity Type
                            

                                Individual
                            

                                Code describing the type of health care provider that is being assigned an NPI. Codes are:

1 = (Person): individual human being who furnishes health care;
2 = (Non-person): entity other than an individual human being that furnishes health care (for example, hospital, SNF, hospital subunit, pharmacy, or HMO).





                                Is Sole Proprietor
                            

                                Y
                            

                                Indicate whether provider is a sole proprietor.

A sole proprietor is the sole (the only) owner of a business that is not incorporated; that unincorporated business is a sole proprietorship.
In a sole proprietorship, the sole proprietor owns all of the assets of the business and is solely liable for all of the debts of the business.
There is no difference between a sole proprietorship and a sole proprietor; they are legally a single entity: an individual.
In terms of NPI assignment, a sole proprietor is an Entity type 1 (Individual) and is eligible for only one NPI (the sole proprietorship business is not eligible for its own NPI).
As an individual, a sole proprietorship cannot be a subpart and cannot have subparts. (See NPI Final Rule for information about subparts.)
A sole proprietorship may or may not have employees.
Often, the IRS assigns an EIN to a sole proprietorship in order to protect the sole proprietor's SSN from disclosure in claims or on W-2s. NPPES does not capture a sole proprietorship's EIN.
Many types of health care providers could be sole proprietorships (for example, group practices, pharmacies, home health agencies).





                                Provider Last Name (Legal Name)
                            

                                COLE
                            

                                The last name of the provider (if an individual). If the provider is an individual, this is the legal name. This name must match the name on file with the Social Security Administration (SSA). In addition, the date of birth must match that on file with SSA. (First and last names are required for initial applications.) The First, Middle, Last and Credential(s) fields allow the following special characters: ampersand, apostrophe, colon, comma, forward slash, hyphen, left and right parentheses, period, pound sign, quotation mark, and semi-colon. A field cannot contain all special characters.
                            



                                Provider First Name
                            

                                JAMES
                            

                                The first name of the provider, if the provider is an individual.
                            



                                Provider Middle Name
                            

                                STEVEN
                            

                                The middle name of the provider, if the provider is an individual.
                            



                                Provider Credential Text
                            

                                M.D.
                            

                                The abbreviations for professional degrees or credentials used or held by the provider, if the provider is an individual. Examples are MD, DDS, CSW, CNA, AA, NP, RNA, or PSY. These credential designations will not be verified by NPS.
                            



                                Provider First Line Business Mailing Address
                            

                                5701 BRYANT IRVIN RD
                            

                                The first line mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider first line location address''.
                            



                                Provider Second Line Business Mailing Address
                            

                                SUITE 201
                            

                                The second line mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider second line location address''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address City Name
                            

                                FORT WORTH
                            

                                The City name in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address City name''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address State Name
                            

                                TX
                            

                                The State or Province name in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address State name''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Postal Code
                            

                                76132-4029
                            

                                The postal ZIP or zone code in the mailing address of the provider being identified. NOTE: ZIP code plus 4-digit extension, if available. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address postal code''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Country Code
                            

                                US
                            

                                The country code in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address country code''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Telephone Number
                            

                                817-263-2500
                            

                                The telephone number associated with mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address telephone number''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Fax Number
                            

                                817-346-4006
                            

                                The fax number associated with the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address fax number''.
                            



                                Provider First Line Business Practice Location Address
                            

                                5701 BRYANT IRVIN RD
                            

                                The first line location address of the provider being identified. For providers with more than one physical location, this is the primary location. This address cannot include a Post Office box.
                            



                                Provider Second Line Business Practice Location Address
                            

                                SUITE 201
                            

                                The second line location address of the provider being identified. For providers with more than one physical location, this is the primary location. This address cannot include a Post Office box.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address City Name
                            

                                FORT WORTH
                            

                                The city name in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address State Name
                            

                                TX
                            

                                The State or Province name in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Postal Code
                            

                                76132-4029
                            

                                The postal ZIP or zone code in the location address of the provider being identified. NOTE: ZIP code plus 4-digit extension, if available.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Country Code
                            

                                US
                            

                                The country code in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Telephone Number
                            

                                817-263-2500
                            

                                The telephone number associated with the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Fax Number
                            

                                817-346-4006
                            

                                The fax number associated with the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Enumeration Date
                            

                                07/07/2005
                            

                                The date the provider was assigned a unique identifier (assigned an NPI).
                            



                                Last Update Date
                            

                                02/18/2013
                            

                                The date that a record was last updated or changed.
                            



                                Provider Gender Code
                            

                                M
                            

                                The code designating the provider's gender if the provider is a person.
                            



                                Provider Gender
                            

                                Male
                            

                                The provider's gender if the provider is a person.
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy Code #1
                            

                                207Q00000X
                            

                                The Health Care Provider Taxonomy code is a unique alphanumeric code, ten characters in length. The code set is structured into three distinct "Levels" including Provider Type, Classification, and Area of Specialization.
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy 1
                            

                                Family Medicine
                            

                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy #1
                            



                                Provider License Number 1
                            

                                G8053
                            

                                Certain taxonomy selections will require you to enter your license number and the state where the license was issued. Select Foreign Country in the state drop down box if the license was issued outside of United States. The License Number field allows the following special characters: ampersand, apostrophe, colon, comma, forward slash, hyphen, left and right parentheses, period, pound sign, quotation mark, and semi-colon. A field cannot contain all special characters. DO NOT report the Social Security Number (SSN), IRS Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN) in this section.
                            



                                Provider License Number State Code 1
                            

                                TX
                            

                                Provider License Number State Code #1
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Primary Taxonomy Switch 1
                            

                                Y
                            

                                Primary Taxonomy:

X - The primary taxonomy switch is Not Answered;
Y - The taxonomy is the primary taxonomy (there can be only one per NPI record);
N - The taxonomy is not the primary taxonomy.





                                Other Provider Identifier 1
                            

                                00726T
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier #1
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier Type 1
                            

                                OTHER
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier Type #1
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier State 1
                            

                                TX
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier State #1
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier Issuer 1
                            

                                MEDICARE GROUP
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier Issuer #1
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier 2
                            

                                B64839
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier #2
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier Type 2
                            

                                MEDICARE UPIN
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier Type #2
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier State 2
                            

                                TX
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier State #2
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier 3
                            

                                0094HQ
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier #3
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier Type 3
                            

                                OTHER
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier Type #3
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier State 3
                            

                                TX
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier State #3
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier Issuer 3
                            

                                BCBS GROUP
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier Issuer #3
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier 4
                            

                                8F8890
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier #4
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier Type 4
                            

                                OTHER
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier Type #4
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier State 4
                            

                                TX
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier State #4
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier Issuer 4
                            

                                BCBS INDIVIDUAL
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier Issuer #4
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier 5
                            

                                8936B6
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier #5
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier Type 5
                            

                                MEDICARE ID-TYPE UNSPECIFIED
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier Type #5
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier State 5
                            

                                TX
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier State #5
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier Issuer 5
                            

                                INDIVIDUAL
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier Issuer #5
                            




Driving Directions to "  JAMES STEVEN COLE  M.D." Practice Location

            These directions are for planning purposes only. You may find that construction projects, traffic, 
            or other events may cause road conditions to differ from the map results.
        


Yours Location (Starting point)
Practice Location (Destination)




























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            






















J. Steven Cole, MD | Fort Worth, Texas























Direct Care for Life


5701 Bryant Irvin Road, Suite 203
Fort Worth, Texas 76132











817-346-4000













“Direct care means rarely waiting in the waiting room, and seeing me,
your personal physician, whenever you need to see me.”
 
Welcome to J. Steven Cole, M.D. For 30 years, I’ve dedicated my career to taking great care of people I consider my friends and neighbors. Now, with the founding of my direct primary care practice, I can focus on each patient more personally and assuredly than ever before.
 
There are a number of essential benefits to joining my practice as a member. The most important of these is the fact that I can provide you primary care much like family doctors did in the not-so-distant past. Simply put, I'm immediately available to you. When you come in for a visit, I will know you well beyond your medical history, and we will work together as a team toward your health goals and well being.
 
Please click on “New Patients” above to read more about my practice. If you’re ready to join as a member-patient, please call our office number listed above to inquire about availability and how to get started.
 
— J. Steven Cole, MD




What patients are saying about direct care with Dr. Cole...




“Both my husband and I have demanding jobs, which makes the time we dedicate to each other extremely precious. Putting Dr. Cole in charge of our healthcare not only provides us peace of mind, but the time we save skipping the managed health maze is worth every penny we pay for membership.”
— D. W.




“I have ongoing health issues related to type 2 diabetes. Having Dr. Cole just a phone call away has been a godsend. I no longer worry when I have a question regarding my symptoms. Whether he offers over-the-phone advice or sets an appointment for me, his care is timely and compassionate.”
— D. U.
 















 



© 2014   J. Steven Cole, M.D.


5701 Bryant Irvin Road, Suite 203   |   Fort Worth, Texas, 76132



















 





    Austin – J. Cole Shoes
  




























































My Cart



        Close
    








        Free shipping on every order!
      














ACCOUNT  



My Cart
                   
0






















Home
 / 
BEST SELLERS
 / 
Austin

































































STEVE MADDEN
Austin


$ 130.00



AUSTIN-COGNAC-5



COGNAC / 5 - $ 130.00
COGNAC / 5.5 - $ 130.00
COGNAC / 6 - $ 130.00
COGNAC / 6.5 - $ 130.00
COGNAC / 7 - $ 130.00
COGNAC / 7.5 - $ 130.00
COGNAC / 8 - $ 130.00
COGNAC / 8.5 - $ 130.00
COGNAC / 9 - $ 130.00
COGNAC / 9.5 - $ 130.00
COGNAC / 10 - $ 130.00
COGNAC / 10.5 - $ 130.00
COGNAC / 11 - $ 130.00
BLACK / 5 - $ 130.00
BLACK / 5.5 - $ 130.00
BLACK / 6 - $ 130.00
BLACK / 6.5 - $ 130.00
BLACK / 7 - $ 130.00
BLACK / 7.5 - $ 130.00
BLACK / 8.5 - $ 130.00
BLACK / 8 - $ 130.00
BLACK / 9 - $ 130.00
BLACK / 10 - $ 130.00
BLACK / 11 - $ 130.00
BLACK / 10.5 - $ 130.00
BLACK / 9.5 - $ 130.00



Quantity







Shipping & Handling
Returns & Exchanges
Ask us a question

SHIPPING AND HANDLING INFORMATION
Shipping is FREE to all destinations in the continental United States. Please allow approximately 1-2 business days for your order to process. Your merchandise will arrive to you in 4-10 business days, depending on location.
Please note that there will be extra delivery fees for orders that must be reshipped, intercepted, or have address updates if the order has already been shipped to its original shipping destination. Customers will be notified of the cost before they are charged.
Orders will be processed on the following business day. No Saturday deliveries. 
P.O. Boxes
J.Cole Shoes cannot ship orders to P.O. Boxes. When checking out, please provide a resident or business address so we can be sure your package arrives safely. 
Hours



Mon. - Wed. 
10:30am - 6:00pm CST


Thu. - Sat. 
10:30am - 7:00pm CST


Sunday
11:30am - 4:30pm CST



 
Processing 
Orders processed after 3pm Monday through Friday will be issued a FedEx tracking number. This number may not be activated by FedEx until the following business day. If you track your package and receive no information, please wait one day before tracking again.





Name



Email



Phone Number





Message











      Austin by Steve Madden is a low-cut leather silhouette that rests on a city-ready stacked heel for a stylish yet practical look. Side cutouts add the perfect finishing touch.

      

SHARE:









More in this Collection



































You also Viewed













Signup for Email Updates


















Join our Mailing List
Sign up to receive our daily email and get 50% off your first purchase. 
















My Cart

      Subtotal: $ 0.00


      Your cart is currently empty.
    






















 





    404 Not Found – J. Cole Shoes
  














































My Cart



        Close
    








        Free shipping on every order!
      














ACCOUNT  



My Cart
                   
0






















Home
 / 
404 Not Found



Oops - We couldn't find that one
This page does not exist. Try searching for what you would like to find:












      Opps! The product you were looking for appears to have been popular, we couldn't keep it on our shelves!
      We encourage you to browse our other great collections or contact us.
    


New Arrivals
Sandals
Apparel
Booties




Search our store









Or contact us



Name



Email



Phone Number



Message













Signup for Email Updates


















Join our Mailing List
Sign up to receive our daily email and get 50% off your first purchase. 
















My Cart

      Subtotal: $ 0.00


      Your cart is currently empty.
    





















