



Joseph J Collins | Your Hormones


















 




star



arrow-up



arrow-left



arrow-right



close



arrow-down



search



check-mark



plus




minus



avatar



calendar



delete



edit



phone






spinner8















account
Account













            Compare
            



Compare up to 4 items:
Clear Selection


Compare



wishlist



                $0.00
            
bag



bag




















search_icon












Home


Our Company


About Us



Joseph J Collins





About Dr. Joseph J Collins, RN, NDDr. Joseph J Collins, RN, ND is President and Co-founder of Your Hormones, Inc. He has been directly involved in advancing the practice of natural hormone health since 1993. His functional endocrinology clinical practice focuses on adrenal fatigue, hypothyroidism, menopause, andropause, PMS/PMDD, PCOS and blood sugar disorders. He has extensive experience in the advanced use of adaptogens to support and improve hormone function through the modulation of homeostasis regulatory systems which control hormone production and hormone function. Dr Collins is a medical educator, author, and speaker who has done over 500 hours of teaching at advanced medical seminars and conferences. He has worked with or advised many functional diagnostic medical laboratories, and has contributed to the advances made in clinical applications of diagnostic testing. At a national and international medical educator, Dr Collins continues to educate and advise other integrative practitioners in the assessment and management of menopause, PMS/PMDD, thyroid and adrenal disorders, as well as inflammatory diseases, celiac disease, and other chronic conditions.My naturopathic practice has always focused on an integrative approach to healthcare, with an emphasis on endocrinology and cellular signaling, with an integrative and functional approach. My practice encompasses adrenal, thyroid and glycemic function, as well as women’s hormone health and men’s hormone health through support of optimal cellular signaling, which I support with foods, nutrients, phytotherapies, essential fatty acids, co-enzymes, adjuvant therapies and systemic enzyme therapy. By training, I am both a Naturopathic Physician and a Registered Nurse. I am licensed as a Naturopathic Physician by the state of Washington. I graduated in 1993 with a Doctor of Naturopathic Medicine degree from the National College of Naturopathic Medicine in Portland, and have been licensed as a Naturopathic Doctor (ND) since 1993.While residing in the state of Florida I use the designation “Registered Nurse, Naturopathic Doctorate” because Florida does not yet recognize Naturopathic Physicians in this state. As a Registered Nurse in the state of Florida I limit healthcare to that allowed by my license, and use my Naturopathic Doctorate in an educational capacity. I have been a licensed healthcare practitioner since 1979; beginning as a nurse.In addition to my clinical experience, I have had the honor of being a consultant, advisor, and educator in the nutritional and diagnostic industries.
Beginning My Work with Hormone Health and Herbal MedicineI became aware of the effects of poor hormone health while I was young. I believe I was in junior high (7th to 8th grade) when it was noticed that the front of my neck was swollen. I was diagnosed with Hashimoto's hypothyroidism, and started on thyroid replacement. This resulted in a dramatic growth spurt over the summer, as my body was catching up for delayed growth that was caused by the hypothyroidism. The growth was so extreme that I developed Osgood-Schlatter disease, which is a painful bump just below each knee and is most often seen in young adolescents. I still recall clearly how when I went back to school in the fall, all of my classmates had shrunken, and they had to tilt there heads back to look up at me. Since both of my parents were Registered Nurses, I had access to the Merck Manual, and started reading about thyroid disease, and other diseases, before I started high school. I was also fascinated by plants and herbal medicine and had a read a few herbals by the time I graduated from high school.
Women and TestosteroneIn 1993, shortly after starting my practice as a Naturopathic Physician, I quickly noted that salivary hormone tests for premenopausal and menopausal women only included estradiol and progesterone. I remember reading (somewhere) that women has testosterone, so I asked a lab in Seattle to measured testosterone in women. This eventually resulted in my working at the laboratory. In 1996, as Director of Technical Services at National Biotech Laboratories, I added testosterone assays to both menopause and female hormone profiles. The validity was immediately recognized throughout the laboratory industry that it was quickly adopted by every other saliva testing laboratory. 
Lab Tests AdvancesDuring that time, the phrase "Estrogen Dominance" was relatively new. Unfortunately, it was being use to promote the use of progesterone. I say "unfortunately" because lab tests (saliva, urine, blood) often showed that women actually had normal estrogen levels, but were deficient is progesterone.  At that time I defined what the proper relationship between progesterone and estradiol should be based on objective lab tests, and added P:E ratio analysis to menopause and female hormone profiles. That advancement that was also adopted by every other saliva testing laboratory. National Biotech Laboratories merged with GSDL, now called Genova Labs, and I moved to Ashville for a few years to help with the transition and continued development.My work with integrative laboratories also involved the development of primary, secondary and tertiary interpretive commentary. This "smart commentary" replaced the cut and paste block text that was being used in the 1990s. Now, smart commentary is the gold standard to lab test interpretations.Redefining MenopauseIn my clinical practice (based on my testing of estradiol, progesterone & testosterone) I noticed tremendous variability in how each woman experienced menopause. Because all three hormones were being tested it was pretty obvious that these significant variations in menopause was due to different patterns of estradiol, progesterone & testosterone. Since I was measuring testosterone in women, by 1995 I had defined the twelve major menopause patterns based on the variations in estradiol, progesterone & testosterone. to my surprise, a number of women actually had elevated testosterone levels. While teaching these observations at a medical conferences with pharmacists and physicians a book company asked me to write a book on my findings. The book was published as a hardback in 2000, and then as the softback edition,  Discover Your Menopause Type” in 2002.
Changing How Menopause was EvaluatedAlso in 2000, I presented a paper, and a presentation to A4M titled; Salivary Hormone Testing: Science, Benefits, Limitations & Clinical Applications. That concepts which are discussed in that paper are is salient to day as they were in 2000. While salivary hormone testing is a valuable diagnostic tool, it must be used properly to get accurate results. Just as important, we need to be open about its limitations so that we can use collection schedules that overcome these limitations. 
Bioidentical Hormone Replacement TherapyAdvances in hormone health are also in a very large part due to the availability of customized dosages of bio-identical hormone replacement therapy (BHRT). This advance is safeguarded by the skills of compounding pharmacist. Unfortunately, BHRT has unrightfully been maligned by opposing interests. Because of my extensive work with compounding pharmacists, I have been published twice in the International Journal of Pharmaceutical Compounding. One of those articles is a polemic against the misinformation and propaganda attacks on BHRT. That article is licensed to sharing, in order to "raise both professional and public awareness of our need to protect individualized care and of the many benefits of pharmaceutical compounding." Please take time to read it: Hormone Therapy: It’s Time For A Second Opinion.
Phytocrine™ - Phytocrinology™ - Phytocrinologist™ My work with hormone health also focused largely on the effect that specific plant extracts that could not only improve the function of glands and tissues that produce hormones, but also specific plant extracts that could improve the function of tissues that respond to hormones. I believed that by design we were given plants that could affect our hormone health far beyond the rudimentary ideas about “phytoestrogens” that limited our understanding of phytotherapeutic applications in endocrinology. In 2005 I created the Phytocrine™ model of endocrine therapy, based on a specialized field of science I call phytocrinology™. As a phytocrinologist™ I continue to scour through the scientific literature to continue to learn about the unique relationship that humans have with plants. There are links below for newsletters I have written on phytotherapy.
Phytotherapy FormulationsMy clinical practice included extensive use of herbal therapies (phytotherapy) for endocrine disorders, and I notice that specific herbs had different affinities for different hormones. While it was pretty common knowledge that some herbs affected estrogens (such as phytoestrogens), and we were beginning to see that some herbs were more androgenic (affecting testosterone), I also found that others were more likely to affect progesterone function. This is an important observation since menopause had different hormone patterns and the “one-size-fits-all” herbal therapies that were widely available, turned out to be just as inadequate as the “one-size-fits-all” pharmaceutical hormones.
Hormone Specific™ FormulationsRecognizing a need for more advanced herbal therapies, that would address the specific hormone problem, I developed the unique line of Hormone Specific Formulations™. The formulations started with the first generation of EstroMend™ to specifically improve estrogens function, and  ProgestoMend™ to increase the production and function of progesterone They also included TestoGain™ to increase the production and function of testosterone. The first generation of what has been upgraded to TestoQuench™ for Women was also in the initial formulations, to help those women who have androgen excess disorders such as PCOS/PCO-like syndrome, as well as some Menopause Types®, and some forms of PMS/PMDD.
Over the years, the formulations have been expanded to include TestoQuench™ for Men, for men with abnormal androgen metabolism, such as those with prostate disorders. EstroQuench™ , which is used by both women and men was formulated to quench excessive production of estrogens by supporting endogenous aromatase inhibition functions without adversely depressing the production and function of testosterone or other androgens.
The ThyroMend™ was created to improve thyroid hormone function – which proved to be especially helpful in people who were not getting better even though they were on a good thyroid prescription.The AdrenoMend™ was added to address the complexities of what is popularly described as adrenal fatigue and adrenal dysfunction. Once you read the education module on Adrenal Health, you will see that these fatigue disorders involve much more than the adrenal glands. The Hormone Specific™ Formulations also include Endocrine Complete™ to provide support of endogenous hormone production by the entire endocrine system.These formulations are all manufactured and distributed by Douglas Laboratories, the provider of the highest quality nutritional supplements.  Learn more about the Hormone Specific Formulations™.Why I Chose Douglas LaboratoriesSince I have been a consultant to a number of nutritional supplement companies since the early 90’s I have been aware of the benefits of choosing only high quality herbal and nutritional supplements. Consistent potency of product formulation ensures clinical success. I learned that new innovations and experience both count when it comes to choosing nutritional supplements.Douglas Laboratories has been in the nutraceutical industry for over 50 years. They actually manufacture their own products using state-of-the-art manufacturing and very stringent quality control measures including ISO 9001 Certification and ISO 17025 Accreditation of their laboratories, (cGMPs) current good manufacturing practices, (SOPs) standard operating procedures and a VCP (Vendor Certification Program) ensures raw material safety and quality. They are in full compliance with the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002, assuring safety and uninterrupted flow of all raw materials. They are also the industry’s first fully electronic, bar code driven, paperless manufacturing system to pass the FDA’s rigorous audit, with an exclusive Veri-Match labeling system to ensure verification prior to production and release of all products. Above that, I find their staff and scientists to be very easy to work with, and can always count on their support and advice. Since the hormone health formulations represent a significant part of my life’s work, Douglas Laboratories is best choice for manufacturing and distributing the formulations I designed.
Clinical EducationOver the years, I have authored many articles, newsletters clinical documents webinar and presentations, and even a few posters for nutritional companies and diagnostic laboratories. It is an honor to promote the growth of integrative medicine through continued writing, as well as through clinical consultation, lab test consultation, conference lectures, webinars, and the development of this websites. There are links below for some of the posters and newsletters that I have written while serving as an Advisor for Douglas Laboratories.
Like other integrative healthcare practitioners I realize that almost two-thirds of people aged 50 and older are using some form of complementary and alternative medicine, and that those of us who have been involved in integrative healthcare for decades can best serve society by sharing our experience with other practitioners, as well as patients. In fact, this advancement of medical knowledge is part of the oath that healthcare professionals take. In my role as an Integrative Healthcare Consultant I advise and assist physicians, pharmacists, clinics & hospitals in integrating natural therapies such as nutraceuticals, and herbals, and bioidentical hormone replacement therapy into the care of the patients. I have done over 500 hours of teaching at seminars and conferences, and continue to educate and advise other integrative practitioners in the assessment and management of menopause, PMS/PMDD, thyroid and adrenal disorders, as well as inflammatory diseases and celiac disease.
I hope that brief summary of my work with hormone health will give some insight into my work and interests. Here are links to some of the posters and newsletters I have written.
NutriNews Letters (published by Douglas Laboratories)Phytotherapeutic Support of Thyroid FunctionPhytotherapeutic Management of Endocrine DysfunctionsOmega-3 (Ω-3) Essential Fatty Acids
Medical Education Posters (published by Douglas Laboratories)Systemic Enzyme Support Poster -Special Edition Highlighting SES & Hormone HealthCoQ10 (Ubiquinone & Ubiqinol) Poster
Additional ArticlesHormone Therapy: It’s Time For A Second OpinionSalivary Hormone Testing: Science, Benefits, Limitations & Clinical Applications
While those writings have historical significance, the most up-to-date information will be found on this website.
The Educational Modules and Educational Resources for hormone health and the Blog are updated regularly.
Best wishes.God bless.
Dr. Joseph J Collins, RN, ND













search_icon





account
        Account
      

wishlist
        Wishlist
      

bag
      Shopping bag
    


 



Your shopping bag

close









close







search_icon








close


Account





Log in




      Email Address
      *









      Password
      *








Forgot password?




New Customer
Create an account with us and you'll be able to:

Check out faster
Save multiple shipping addresses
Access your order history
Track new orders
Save items to your wish list

Create Account








close

Forgot Password



  Forgot Password




Fill in your email below to request a new password. An email will be sent to the address below containing a link to verify your email address.




      Email Address
      *















 




Copyright © 1999 - 2017 Your Hormones, Inc. All rights Reserved.
    Statements regarding products and services on this site have not been evaluted by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent disease. 
    The content is the opinion of the authors and does not represent the opinion of any party. See Terms of Service  and California Proposition 65.






COLLINS JOSEPH J COLLINS - AVALON, NJ - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



AVALON



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            COLLINS JOSEPH J COLLINS
                                    



 





















C 


COLLINS JOSEPH J COLLINS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



269 28TH ST AVALON, NJ 08202
Get Directions



(609) 368-7325





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Collins Joseph J Collins was founded in 2010. Collins Joseph J Collins specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























Joseph J Collins














Skip to main content
















 



 

Giving
Connect
Directory
 



Search:


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

















Joseph J Collins
TitleAdjunct Professor - Center for Security Studies (CSS) DepartmentSchool of Foreign Service (SFS)


General profile
Syllabi

General profile


Phone+1 202-775-3170EmailContact this user via Georgetown DirectoryLocation111                                                ICC                                               BioIn August 2014, Dr. Joseph J. Collins became the Director of the Center for Complex Operations at National Defense University (NDU). The Center is a think tank that studies insurgency, counterinsurgency, stability operations, and humanitarian contingencies. Its focus is on whole of government responses. He joined NDU and the National War College faculty in 2004 as Professor of National Security Strategy. Prior to this assignment, Dr. Collins served for three years as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Stability Operations, the Pentagon’s senior civilian official for peacekeeping, humanitarian assistance, and stabilization and reconstruction operations. From 1998-2001, he was a Senior Fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, where he did research on economic sanctions, military culture, and national security policy. In 1998, Dr. Collins retired from the U. S. Army as a Colonel after nearly 28 years of military service. His Army years were equally divided among infantry and armor assignments in the United States, South Korea, and Germany; teaching at West Point in the Department of Social Sciences; and a series of assignments in the Pentagon. His Washington assignments included service on the Army staff, the Joint Staff, and in the policy division of the Office of the Secretary of Defense. Dr. Collins has also taught as adjunct faculty in the graduate divisions of Columbia University and Georgetown University. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the International Inst. of Strategic Studies. He holds a doctorate in Political Science from Columbia University. He is also an honor graduate of the Army’s Command and General Staff College and holds a diploma from the National War College. His publications include books and articles on the Soviet war in Afghanistan, Operation Desert Storm, contemporary U.S. military culture, defense transformation, and homeland defense.  His latest books are Understanding War in Afghanistan, published by the NDU Press in the summer of 2011; and Lessons Encountered: Learning from the Long War, published by the Press in 2015.  This book analyzes the lessons learned from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.  EducationPh.D.  () Columbia University, Political Science





 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 





 
 
 
 
 
 





Joseph J. Collins: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 12:58 PM ET
Media

Company Overview of Comcast Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Joseph J. Collins  Director Emeritus, Comcast CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships72$615,363
Background

		Mr. Joseph J. Collins, also known as Joe, is the Chairman of Aegis, LLC. Mr. Collins is also the Chairman of CableLabs, Inc. He has over 30 years of cable experience. Mr. Collins has been a Director of Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. since June 1988. Mr. Collins served as a Member of the Executive Board at MidOcean Partners. Prior to this, Mr. Collins was the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman at AOL Time Warner Interactive Video, from August 2001 to December 2003, ... where he led the company’s cable conversion to broadband and oversaw the development of innovation interactive products. From 1989 to August 2001, Mr. Collins served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at Time Warner Cable. He assumed a series of executive positions at Time Warner Cable and was named President in 1982. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at American Television, from June 1988 to September 1992. He served as the President at Home Box Office Inc., since 1984, while he had been the President at ATC, responsible for cable system’s operations, construction, engineering, programming and marketing. In 1988, he served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at ATC. He began his cable industry career at American Television and Communications Corporation (ATC), in 1972 as Marketing Director for Comcast Corp.'s properties in Orlando. He was a Member of the Advisory Board of DP Capital Partners, in the beginning of 2001. Mr. Collins served on a number of industry associations and Boards, including being the Chairman of the National Capital Television Association. He served as the Chairman of Cable Television Laboratories, Inc. He serves as a Director Emeritus of Cable Television Laboratories, Inc. He has been Director Emeritus of Comcast Corporation since June 8, 2017. He serves as a Director of Time Warner Cable. He served as Independent Director of Comcast Corporation since October 19, 2004 until June 8, 2017 and served as its Presiding Director since May 2010. He is a recipient of the National Cable and Telecommunications Association's Distinguished Vanguard Award for Leadership in recognition of his contributions to the cable industry. He also received the President's Award and Grand TAM Award for excellence in cable marketing from the Cable and Telecommunications Association for Marketing. Mr. Collins received an M.B.A. from the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration in 1972 and an A.B. from Brown University in 1966.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
One Comcast CenterPhiladelphia, Pennsylvania 19103United StatesPhone: 215-286-1700Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
1988-PresentDirectorTurner Broadcasting System, Inc.
Education
MBA 1972Harvard Business SchoolBA 1966Brown University
Other Affiliations
Turner Broadcasting System, Inc.Spectrum Management Holding Company, LLCHarvard Business SchoolBrown UniversityCable Television Laboratories, Inc.MidOcean Partners


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$185,143Total Calculated Compensation$615,363




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationGregory J. Hayes Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentUnited Technologies Corporation$4.5MJeffrey R. Immelt Executive Chairman & CEOGeneral Electric Company$8.1MRobert A. Iger Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The Walt Disney Company$2.5MTimotheus  Höttges Chairman of Management Board and Chief Executive OfficerDeutsche Telekom AG$2.8MJosef  Kaeser Chairman of Managing Board, President & CEOSiemens Aktiengesellschaft$4.1MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Comcast Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 





Joseph J. Collins, horoscope for birth date 27 July 1944, born in Troy NY, with Astrodatabank biography - Astro-Databank

























Collins, Joseph J.

From Astro-Databank


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

 



Joseph J. Collinsnatal chart (noon, no houses)natal chart English style (noon, no houses)




 Name 



Collins, Joseph J.
Gender:  M



 born on 
 27 July 1944


 Place 
 Troy NY, USA, 42n43,  73w41 


 Timezone 
 EWT h4w (is war time)


 Data source 



Date w/o time



Rodden Rating X


Collector: Hewitt




 Astrology data 
   04°28'   or 

add Joseph J. Collins to 'my astro'




Biography
American marketing specialist and CEO of American TV & Communications, a large cable company owned by Time Warner.  Collins graduated from Harvard with an AB and MBA in International Relations and has a great passion for boating.

Source Notes
Paul Hewitt collection

Categories
 Lifestyle : Social Life : Outdoors (Boating)
 Vocation : Business : Top executive (CEO)
 Vocation : Business/Marketing : Product Marketing



 
						Retrieved from "http://www.astro.com/wiki/astro-databank/index.php?title=Collins,_Joseph_J.&oldid=37548"					
Categories: 1944 birthsBirthday 27 JulyBirthplace Troy NY, USASun 4 LeoLifestyle : Social Life : OutdoorsVocation : Business : Top executiveVocation : Business/Marketing : Product Marketing 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Log in (for editors) 



Namespaces

Page
Discussion




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history





More

















Search



 







Navigation


Main pageAll pagesNew pagesRecent changesRandom pageHelpHelp externalto Astrodienst 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPrintable versionPermanent linkPage information 






 This page was last modified on 29 May 2002, at 00:00.
Content is available under these permissions. unless otherwise noted.


Privacy policy
About Astro-Databank
Disclaimers



 



















Collins Joseph J | Casselberry | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Collins Joseph J?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Collins Joseph J
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






C







Alert*



*If you are Collins Joseph J, contact us to resolve.




Casselberry, FL









Collins Joseph J




this is my business



Contact us






Alert*



*If you are Collins Joseph J, contact us to resolve.




WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


Casselberry

 
/


 best Electricians in Casselberry 

 



Updated: Jan 21, 2016





Overview

Their BuildZoom score of 0 does not rank in the top 50% of Florida contractors.If you are thinking of hiring Collins Joseph J, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Collins Joseph J Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Electrical Work






Contact




Street Address: 150 Lago Vista Blvd, Casselberry, FL 32707 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









5065 Ohio Avenue, Sanford, FL 32771



Aaron's Electrical Works Inc




License # EC13005824


Sanford, FL







116

BZ Score


$5K
Avg Project 


38
Projects














2312 Sunset Dr, Eustis, FL 32726



Rayj Enterprises Inc Dba Electrical Works




License # EC0001361


Eustis, FL







105

BZ Score


$2.6K
Avg Project 


16
Projects














410 N St 146, Longwood, FL 32750


Mac's Electrical Works, Inc




License # EC-0001511


Longwood, FL







105

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


1
Project













Collins Joseph J Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Collins Joseph J. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Collins Joseph J










1
Rate this electrician







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this electrician.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Collins Joseph J,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





0


Collins Joseph J








116


Aaron's Electrical Works Inc







105


Rayj Enterprises Inc Dba Electrical Works







105


Mac's Electrical Works, Inc






Request a Quote







License info














Inactive License


License #ER0012089StatusInactiveStateFloridaTypeRegistered Electrical Contractor, 


According to the Florida Department of Business & Professional Regulation, the status of this license was at one point cancelled. However, this information may have changed. If this is your business, please update your license status.Check this license's status for Collins Joseph J at the Florida Department of Business & Professional Regulation.












ALERT*




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works*If you are Collins Joseph J, contact us to resolve.








Follow this contractor








Employees







Collins Joseph J



















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Florida:













Does Collins Joseph J carry a valid contracting license?



If you pay someone to construct a building or a structure, make structural alterations to load bearing walls, or perform services such as plumbing or air conditioning work, that person must have a state contractor's license.
Collins Joseph J currently holds license ER0012089 (Registered Electrical Contractor), which was Inactive when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Florida?



The Florida Construction Industry License Board maintains high standards for contractor licensing. Prior to receiving their license, Florida contractors are required to prove four years of relevant work experience or education; pass a board examination and prove financial solvency.











Your liability risk when hiring Collins Joseph J



In Florida, licensed contractors with employees are required to carry workers' compensation insurance and attest they have obtained public liability and property damage insurance in the amounts determined by the Board.











Financial recourse when hiring Collins Joseph J



Florida maintains a recovery fund, called the Florida Homeowners' Construction Recovery Fund, which is available to a natural person who has suffered monetary damages by the financial mismanagement or misconduct of a contractor, and who has exhausted all other sources of payment. The Board makes the determination of eligibility for an award. Florida contractors are not required to carry an active bond.











What else should I know before hiring Collins Joseph J



As of 2007, the Florida DBPR began requiring license applicants to submit their fingerprints, which are used to run a criminal background check with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. In addition, they are required to provide a credit report during the license application process to demonstrate financial stability. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



The Florida Construction Industry License Board recommends getting at least three written bids before hiring a contractor. Do not automatically accept the lowest bid - an abnormally low bid may indicate the contractor made a mistake and is not including the same work quoted by their competitors. We've made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Collins Joseph J
We will attempt to deliver your message to Collins Joseph J. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.






































































	Collins, Joseph J. > Institute for National Strategic Studies > Article View




























Skip to main content (Press Enter).





Institute for National Strategic Studies
National Defense University



 







Home


About



About INSS


Internships





Experts


Centers



Center for Complex Operations


Center for Strategic Research


Center for Technology and National Security Policy


Center for the Study of Chinese Military Affairs


Center for the Study of WMD


National Defense University Press


Program on Irregular Warfare





Publications



Books


Occasional Papers


Case Studies


Policy Briefs


Strategic Monographs


Visiting Fellows


Transcripts


Conference Reports





Commentary


Contact













Collins, Joseph J.
Director, Center for Complex Operations













PRINT







Photos









                                    1 of 1
                                


















Director, CCO (Photo by Tara Parekh)



Photo Details
 | 
Download
 | 

























 Email |  (202) 433-9654

Areas of Expertise: Asia and the Pacific; Insurgency/Irregular Warfare; Interagency & International Education; Stabilization & Reconstruction
Dr. Joseph J. Collins was appointed Director of the Center for Complex Operations, INSS in July 2014. He joined the National War College faculty in 2004 as Professor of National Security Strategy. Prior to that assignment, Dr. Collins served for three years as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Stability Operations, the Pentagon’s senior civilian official for peacekeeping, humanitarian assistance, and stabilization and reconstruction operations. His team led the stability operations effort in Afghanistan. From 1998-2001, he was a Senior Fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, where he did research on economic sanctions, military culture, and national security policy.
In 1998, Dr. Collins retired from the U. S. Army as a Colonel after nearly 28 years of military service. His Army years were equally divided among infantry and armor assignments in the United States, South Korea, and Germany; teaching at West Point in the Department of Social Sciences; and a series of assignments in the Pentagon. His Washington assignments included: Army Staff Officer for NATO and Warsaw Pact strategic issues, Special Assistant to the Chief of Staff of the Army, Military Assistant to the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy during Operation Desert Storm, and Special Assistant and Chief Speechwriter to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Dr. Collins has also taught as adjunct faculty in the graduate divisions of Columbia University and Georgetown Universities. He is a life member of the Council on Foreign Relations and holds a doctorate in Political Science from Columbia University. He is also an honor graduate of the Army’s Command and General Staff College and holds a diploma from the National War College.
Dr. Collins has over 100 signed publications, and they include books and articles on the Soviet war in Afghanistan, Operation Desert Storm, contemporary U.S. military culture, defense transformation, and homeland defense. His recent publications include a 2008 NDU INSS occasional paper, “Choosing War: The Decision to Invade Iraq and Its Aftermath,” and a book, Understanding War in Afghanistan, published by the NDU Press in July 2011.

Publications

Joseph A. Collins, Understanding War in Afghanistan (Washington, DC: NDU Press, 2011)
















PRINT






















Institute for National Strategic Studies
260 Fifth Ave., Bldg. 64
Fort Lesley J. McNair
Washington, DC 20319-5066

phone:
e-mail



202-685-3837
INSS_Communications_@ndu.edu








Follow Us
  





About DOD 
Link Disclaimer  
FOIA  
NDU.edu 
Contact 





DOD Inspector General 
Recovery Act  
Web Policy  
USA.gov 
No FEAR Act 





DOD Careers 
Privacy and Security  
Site Map 




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings










































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          












joseph j collins - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Joseph Collins | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_Joseph Collins



Find Joseph Collins Online Free Report, Address & Phone Number




We Found Joseph Collins | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Joseph Collins



1) Joseph Collins's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Joseph Collins at Amazon - Low Prices on Joseph Collins.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​Joseph Collins



Low Prices on Joseph Collins. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards
















John J. Collins (bishop)




John J. Collins, S.J. (November 15, 1856 – November 30, 1934) was an American-born bishop of the Catholic Church. He served as the Vicar Apostolic of Jamaica from 1907 to 1918.

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Joseph J. Collins - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/joseph-j-collins


Joseph J. Collins was paid $1,708,990 to sit on the boards of Comcast


Judith Rodin - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/judith-rodin


Judith Rodin was paid $3,197,945 to sit on the boards of Citigroup and Comcast


Beyond The Monuments Men | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/christopher-holshek/post_6893_b_4795761.html


The Monuments Men , based on the Robert M. Edsel book, ... "for the next decade and beyond," said Joseph J. Collins in the Armed Forces Journal, ...


J. Michael Cook - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/j-michael-cook


J. Michael Cook was paid $1,826,726 to sit on the boards of Comcast


Amid Pentagon Turbulence, Michele Flournoy Manages From ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/06/06/pentagon-leaders_n_871519.html


Amid Pentagon Turbulence, Michele Flournoy Manages ... as well as I did," Edelman told The Huffington Post. ... management," said Joseph J. Collins, ...


Jeffrey A. Honickman - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/jeffrey-a-honickman


Jeffrey A. Honickman was paid $1,568,511 to sit on the boards of Comcast


Johnathan A. Rodgers - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/johnathan-a-rodgers


Johnathan A. Rodgers was paid $2,011,254 to sit on the boards of Procter & Gamble and Comcast


S. Decker Anstrom - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/s-decker-anstrom


S. Decker Anstrom was paid $1,141,785 to sit on the boards of Comcast


Gerald L. Hassell - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/gerald-l-hassell


Gerald L. Hassell was paid $1,374,731 to sit on the boards of Comcast


Edward D. Breen - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/edward-d-breen


Edward D. Breen was paid $879,168 to sit on the boards of Comcast










Joseph Collins | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_Joseph Collins



Find Joseph Collins Online Free Report, Address & Phone Number




We Found Joseph Collins | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Joseph Collins



1) Joseph Collins's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Joseph Collins at Amazon - Low Prices on Joseph Collins.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​Joseph Collins



Low Prices on Joseph Collins. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Searches related tojoseph j collins



joseph collins national defense unive...


dr joseph j collins


dr joe collins



j collins stocks


ndu cco


rn nd




12345Next

Related Searches



joseph collins national defense univer...


dr joseph j collins


dr joe collins


j collins stocks


ndu cco


rn nd




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network





















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















