

























Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Cuts Position in Central Garden & Pet Company (CENT) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Central Garden & Pet Company
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Central Garden & Pet Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:MNTA) to Sell
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $1.64 Million Stake in Wendy’s Company (The) (WEN)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Cuts Position in Central Garden & Pet Company (CENT)
Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (WBA) Shares Bought by Peddock Capital Advisors LLC
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $1.56 Million Stake in Simpson Manufacturing Company, Inc. (SSD)
Beach Investment Counsel Inc. PA Lowers Position in Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Lowers Position in Milacron Holdings Corp. (MCRN)
Karp Capital Management Corp Invests $189,000 in Northfield Bancorp, Inc. (NFBK)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Raises Position in Cloud Peak Energy Inc (CLD)
Crane Company (CR) Earns “Hold” Rating from Stifel Nicolaus
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Has $2.40 Million Stake in Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AGIO)
U.S. Bancorp (USB) Shares Sold by Bell Bank
Fortaleza Asset Management Inc. Holds Position in Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (WBA)
Exact Sciences Corporation (EXAS) Downgraded to “Hold” at Vetr Inc.
Karp Capital Management Corp Invests $165,000 in Dynegy Inc. (DYN)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Lowers Position in Ringcentral, Inc. (RNG)
Karp Capital Management Corp Invests $152,000 in Aegean Marine Petroleum Network Inc. (ANW)
Janus Capital Group’s (JHG) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Limited (AOSL) Receives “Buy” Rating from Northland Securities


 


Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Cuts Position in Central Garden & Pet Company (CENT)

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC reduced its stake in shares of Central Garden & Pet Company (NASDAQ:CENT) by 5.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 56,898 shares of the company’s stock after selling 3,129 shares during the period. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC owned 0.11% of Central Garden & Pet worth $2,109,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. FMR LLC raised its position in Central Garden & Pet by 66.6% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 501,105 shares of the company’s stock valued at $16,582,000 after buying an additional 200,400 shares during the period. Hennessy Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Central Garden & Pet during the first quarter valued at about $4,363,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in Central Garden & Pet during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,327,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in Central Garden & Pet by 7.6% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 838,948 shares of the company’s stock valued at $31,099,000 after buying an additional 59,091 shares during the period. Finally, James Investment Research Inc. acquired a new position in Central Garden & Pet during the first quarter valued at about $2,029,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 21.23% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Central Garden & Pet Company alerts:



Shares of Central Garden & Pet Company (NASDAQ CENT) opened at 33.27 on Friday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $31.69 and a 200-day moving average of $33.93. Central Garden & Pet Company has a one year low of $22.97 and a one year high of $39.33. The firm has a market cap of $1.72 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.45 and a beta of 0.12. 




Central Garden & Pet (NASDAQ:CENT) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The company reported $0.67 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.64 by $0.03. Central Garden & Pet had a net margin of 3.27% and a return on equity of 12.72%. The company had revenue of $570 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $572.37 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.65 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that Central Garden & Pet Company will post $1.41 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Cuts Position in Central Garden & Pet Company (CENT)” was published by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/parametric-portfolio-associates-llc-sells-3129-shares-of-central-garden-pet-company-cent-updated.html. 
Several research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Central Garden & Pet from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $43.00 price target for the company in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Argus began coverage on shares of Central Garden & Pet in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. They set a “buy” rating and a $44.00 price objective for the company. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Central Garden & Pet in a report on Saturday, March 25th. Sidoti raised shares of Central Garden & Pet from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, June 19th. Finally, BidaskClub raised shares of Central Garden & Pet from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, June 10th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $39.50.
In other Central Garden & Pet news, Director John Ranelli sold 3,100 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.33, for a total transaction of $90,923.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 110,668 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,245,892.44. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Michael A. Reed sold 15,107 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $33.21, for a total transaction of $501,703.47. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 142,558 shares in the company, valued at $4,734,351.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 82,382 shares of company stock worth $2,613,603. 11.60% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
About Central Garden & Pet
Central Garden & Pet Company is a marketer and producer of branded products and distributor of third party products in the pet and lawn and garden supplies industries in the United States. The Company operates in two segments: Pet segment and the Garden segment. It is a marketer and producer of pet supplies in the United States. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Central Garden & Pet Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Central Garden & Pet Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 









































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















Community Investment Associates LLC - Home


















 
































HomeContact Us













 Coming Soon...  
 
 
































                    Print                 |
Sitemap
 © Community Investment Associates LLC - Powered by 1&1





                    Login                

Web ViewMobile View

Logout |
Edit page















 







Klemm & Associates, L.L.C.







Klemm & Associates, L.L.C.
Certified Public Accountants










 

Welcome
Thank you for visiting our Website. In addition to providing you with a profile of our firm and the services we provide, this Website has been designed to become a helpful resource tool to you, our valued clients and visitors. Our dedication to superior client service has brought us to the Internet as we endeavor to continue to provide the highest quality professional service and guidance.
As you browse through our Website, you will see that we have highlighted background information on our firm and the services we provide.
While browsing through our Website, please feel free to contact us with any questions or comments you may have - we'd love to hear from you. We pride ourselves on being proactive and responsive to our clients' inquiries and suggestions.
Klemm & Associates, LLC







Our Team : Centaurus Financial Inc.

























skip navigation





Reisbord and Associates Financial Group, LLC.




				Contact Us
			




15001 Walden Road #206


Montgomery,
				
TX
77356






Phone: 936-449-8080



Fax: 936-449-8083



E-mail address: 
mreisbord@cfiemail.com











Home


About Us


Our Mission Statement


Our Team


Our Firm


Our Approach


Products and Services


Our Location


Tell A Friend




Resources


Calculators


Flipbooks


Newsletters


Glossary


Tax Library


Videos




Market Watch

Detailed Quote
Symbol Lookup
Multi Quote
Markets at a Glance
Charting
Portfolio



Request A Quote


Annuity 


Long-Term Care Insurance  


Group Health 


Life Insurance  


Individual Health 


Disability Income Insurance


401(k) Information Request


Information Request




Contact Us































































share

|





 






Our Team
  Mark ReisbordMark is a Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU), Certified Senior Advisor (CSA), and Investment Advisor Associate. He is owner, principal of M. Reisbord and Associates. Mark has been in the financial services industry for over 30 years and holds a number of securities and insurances licenses. He is a graduate of Santa Barbara College, and currently divides his time between his family, his work and his community. Mark serves on several civic committees and is involved with Kingsland Baptist Church. Mark has spent his career helping people plan for the retirement, especially through asset accumulation and distribution. Through experiment and education, Mark has gained a vast knowledge in business and estate tax issues enabling him to create solutions with a dynamic effect.Mark Reisbord can be contacted at mreisbord@cfiemail.comKathryn Young -  Administrative Assistant kyoung@cfiemail.com









				Contact Us
			




15001 Walden Road #206


Montgomery,
				
TX
77356






Phone: 936-449-8080



Fax: 936-449-8083



E-mail address: 
mreisbord@cfiemail.com






Market Watch


Last Closing Prices 


Ticker Name
Percent Difference (when noted with %) otherwise Last Price
Difference (where applicable)





Dow Jones Industrials

21,796.55
+0.39



Nasdaq Composite

6,382.19
-0.63

 


Enter stock ticker symbol:

Get Quote




[
Markets 
  	| 
  	Charts 
  	| 
  	Quotes 
  	| 
  	Portfolio
]


    Market data delayed per exchange rules.
    All quotes are in US Eastern Time (EST).
    © Interactive Data Managed Solutions (NYSE:IDC) All rights reserved.
  




Learning Center



Calculators
A host of financial tools to assist you.


Newsletters
Timely Newsletters to help you stay current.


Videos

                  
                    A dynamic library of videos.
                  
                


Flipbooks

                  These magazine-style flipbooks provide helpful information. 
                



Glossary

Financial terms from A to Z.



Tax Library

Manage your taxes and prepare for the upcoming tax season.










Home


About Us


Our Mission Statement


Our Team


Our Firm


Our Approach


Products and Services


Our Location


Tell A Friend




Resources


Calculators


Flipbooks


Newsletters


Glossary


Tax Library


Videos




Market Watch

Detailed Quote
Symbol Lookup
Multi Quote
Markets at a Glance
Charting
Portfolio



Request A Quote


Annuity 


Long-Term Care Insurance  


Group Health 


Life Insurance  


Individual Health 


Disability Income Insurance


401(k) Information Request


Information Request




Contact Us






15001 Walden Road #206 Montgomery, TX  77356
Tel: 936-449-8080 Fax: 936-449-8083 Email: mreisbord@cfiemail.comSecurities and advisory services offered through Centaurus Financial, Inc. Member FINRA & SIPC and a Registered Investment Advisor. Centaurus Financial Inc. and Reisbord and Associates Financial Group, LLC are not afflilated.
Investments products and services available only to residents of : California (CA), Colorado (CO), New York (NY), Rhode Island (RI), Tennessee (TN), Texas (TX), Virginia (VA), Washington (WA)

Fee-based advisory services are available only to residents of : California (CA), Colorado (CO), New York (NY), Rhode Island (RI), Texas (TX), Virginia (VA)

We are licensed to sell insurance products in the following states of: California (CA), Colorado (CO), New York (NY), Rhode Island (RI), Texas (TX), Virginia (VA)
 



Site Map






 











 




Icy Investment Associates LLC                                                                                            - Hawthorne                                         , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Hawthorne



Investors, Nec



Real Estate Investors, Except Property Operators



                            Icy Investment Associates LLC
                                    



 





















I 


Icy Investment Associates LLC                                                                                           



4839 W 130TH ST HAWTHORNE, CA 90250
Get Directions



(323) 216-5924
 
caremedicalinternational@yahoo.com






Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue $370,000.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Real Estate Investors, Except Property Operators
 Contacts Isoline Marshal                                                                                                         






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Real estate investors located in Hawthorne, CA. Established in 2007.









VERIFIED Status:
VERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    4 - 14 - 2014
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
VERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

American Express
Master Card
Visa
Discover



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Wells Fargo – Banking, Credit Cards, Loans, Insurance, Mortgages & More
















Skip to main content









 Enroll

Customer Service


ATMs/Locations


Español



Search

Enter search term, then press down arrow to navigate suggestions


















We're sorry, but some features of our site require JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript on your browser and refresh the page. Learn More





            Wells Fargo Personal





View Your Accounts


Go to

Account Summary
Transfer
Bill Pay
Brokerage
Trade
Messages and Alerts



Username



Password




Save usernameOpens a dialog







Forgot Password/Username? 











Enroll Now
Fraud Information Center
Privacy, Cookies, and Security



Notice
For your security, we do not recommend using this feature on a shared device.











Member FDIC
Simplified banking
Everyday Checking provides convenience and fast access. Open in minutes.
Start Now >













Keeping you informed
Actions we’re taking to make things right for our customers
Read the latest update >













Innovation. Security. Convenience.
Building better every day.
Learn More >
















            
            Estimate how much to borrow
        









            
            Find your credit card
        









            
            Free online budgeting tools

        






Make An Appointment

Location   







Check Today’s Rates

Check Rates 
Mortgage
Home Equity
CDs
Credit Card
Auto Loans
Student Loans
Personal Loans
All Rates
 








Banking



Accounts and Services


Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts and CDs
Debit and Prepaid Cards
Credit Cards
Foreign Exchange
Global Remittance Services



 

Online Banking
Online Bill Pay
Transfers
Online Statements
Mobile Banking
Identity Theft Protection





Your Financial Goals


Tax Center
Banking Made Easy
Protect What Counts
Planning for Retirement
Fraud Information Center




Popular Links


Mortgage Rates
Routing Number
Overdraft Services
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Open a Checking Account
Apply for an Account or Service




Loans and Credit



Accounts and Services


Mortgage Loans
Home Equity Lines
Personal Lines and Loans



 

Student Loans
Auto Loans
Credit Cards





Your Financial Goals


Home Lending
Going to College
Borrowing and Credit
Fraud Information Center




Popular Links


Mortgage Rates
Home Equity Rates
Auto Loan Rates
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Finish Application/Check Status
Student Loan Discounts




Insurance



Products and Services


Insurance Overview
Auto Insurance
Specialty Vehicle Insurance



 

Homeowners Insurance
Umbrella Liability Insurance





Your Financial Goals


Protect What Counts
Borrowing and Credit
Planning for Retirement
Home Lending




Popular Links


Small Business Insurance
Commercial Insurance




Investing and Retirement



Ways to Invest


Invest Online
Invest With Guidance
Invest in Mutual Funds
Compare Ways to Invest




Investing Solutions


IRAs
Investment Services
Rollovers (401k and IRA)
Investing for Education





Your Financial Goals


Strategy and Research
Planning for Retirement
Income in Retirement
Investing Basics




Popular Links


Contact a Financial Advisor
Open an IRA
Open a WellsTrade® Account
Compare IRAs
My Retirement Plan
Employer Plan 401(k) Sign On




Wealth Management



Wealth Services


The Private Bank
Wells Fargo Advisors
Abbot Downing
All Wealth Management Services




Wealth Solutions


Wealth Planning
Private Banking
Investment Management
Specialized Wealth Services
Trust Services





Wealth Advice & Guidance


Strategy and Research
Wealth Management Insights
Conversations Magazine




Next Step


Contact The Private Bank
Contact Wells Fargo Advisors
Contact Abbot Downing




Rewards and Benefits



Go Far™ Rewards


Explore Rewards
Earn Rewards
Use Rewards
Share Rewards




Relationship Program


Customer Relationship Overview





Your Financial Goals


Banking Made Easy
Borrowing and Credit
Fraud Information Center




Popular Links


Sign On to Go Far Rewards
Go Far Rewards FAQs
Credit Cards









Borrowing and Credit





Banking Made Easy





Retirement





Home Lending





Going to College





Investing Basics





Protect What Counts®





Fraud Information Center









See how we can help you achieve your goals
Explore your credit options






How to establish credit >






Calculate your debt-to-income ratio >






Consolidate your debt >



Go to Borrowing and Credit








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Bank wherever life takes you






Simplify the way you pay >




 Bank on the go with your mobile device >

Bank on the go with your mobile device >




 Get account alerts >

Get account alerts >



Go to Banking Made Easy








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Take control of your retirement






Get the basics of retirement >






Plan for retirement income >






Manage money in retirement >



Go to Retirement Planning








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Homeownership, simplified






Buy a home >






Compare your loan options >






Refinance your mortgage >



Go to Home Lending








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Planning and paying for college






Learn about financial aid >






Explore private student loans >






Manage your money while in school >



Visit Going to College








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Pursue your investing goals






Understand investment types >






Compare ways to invest >






To save or to invest? >



Go to Investing Basics








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Safeguard yourself, and your assets, family, and identity






Learn the basics of insurance >






Get auto coverage >






Insure your home >



Protect What Counts








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Take action to help safeguard your accounts






Report fraud and suspicious activity >






Change your username and password often >






Recognize common scams >



Learn More About Fraud Prevention















Make saving a habit
Reach your financial goals with a savings account
Start Now




Suggested for you









Review your FICO® Credit Score
Free for eligible Wells Fargo consumer credit customers










Learn about your credit options
Let’s talk about your personalized My Credit Options Guide®










Questions about an old 401(k)?
Let’s talk about your options










Serving our customers and communities
It doesn’t happen with one transaction, in one day, or in one quarter. It’s earned relationship by relationship.

Our Vision and Values >
Who We Are >
Corporate Social Responsibility >
Wells Fargo Stories >













 








Investment Banking Associate - PCE





































































<< Back to Careers
Investment Banking Associate
Description
PCE seeks an Associate for our Ridgewood, NJ or Winter Park, FL office with experience in mergers, acquisitions, and debt & equity private placement transactions, including bank debt.  Responsibilities include industry research, assessing a companies’ financial and operational performance, constructing financial models and presenting conclusions to senior bankers, and writing offering memorandums to describe a company’s strategy and growth prospects.  We have positions available in our Orlando and New York City area offices.
Our associates work in small, client-focused teams within the Investment Banking group devoted to helping PCE’s clients achieve their financial and strategic objectives and providing associates with access to all parts of the deal process.  The successful candidate will have opportunities to work closely with senior deal team members, client interaction and the ability to contribute to the team’s success. The right candidate will gain more responsibility in a timely manner.
Requirements
Required college degree, with MBA, CFA or CPA preferred, with a minimum of three years of experience with financial statement analysis, financial modeling, and valuation. Candidates should possess a strong accounting or finance background, as well as excellent quantitative, writing and communication skills.  We seek individuals who have first-rate interpersonal skills, have the ability to work in a team environment and have an entrepreneurial drive and spirit, while providing excellent client service.
Location

Ridgewood, NJ
Winter Park, FL

APPLY WITH COVER LETTER AND RESUME TO:
Mike Rosendahl – mrosendahl@pcecompanies.com








PCE Investment Bankers, Inc. - member FINRA & SIPC
PCE Valuations, LLC    |    PCE Advisory, LLC
SITE MAPWho We Are
Transactions
Services
Industries
Resources
Contact Us
OFFICESOrlando
Atlanta
New York
Chicago
 



Copyright © 2017 PCE Companies |          Business Continuity | Privacy Policy













 



























Investment Strategies | JS Associates, LLC







Skip to main content







 (971) 246-8525
 3800 SW Cedar Hills Blvd. Suite 200A.
 Portal










 









Investment Strategies




















 





Investment Strategies 


How Rules Differ On Inherited IRAs For Spouse And Non-Spouse



So what happens when you inherit retirement plans? It all depends on the type of account. It also depends on whether the beneficiary is a spouse. Those variables will determine the rules that govern how the inheritance is taxed and what options are available. 



      Posted    
    
  
  October 11, 2016
  
  




 








 





Investment Strategies 


Should I Use My 401(k) Funds To Buy A Home?



Tired of writing those rent checks that seem to get you little, if anything, for your money? It’s understandable, then, that you would consider tapping into your 401(k) funds to come up with the down payment to pay for the purchase of your first home. 



      Posted    
    
  
  September 12, 2016
  
  




 








 





Investment Strategies 


What Is A 529 College Savings Plan?



A 529 College Savings Plan is a plan operated by a state or educational institution, with tax advantages and potentially other incentives to make it easier to save for college and other post-secondary training for a designated beneficiary, such as a child or grandchild. 



      Posted    
    
  
  June 29, 2016
  
  




 








 





Investment Strategies 


Is A Roth IRA For Me?



A Roth IRA is a form of individual retirement plan that resembles, except for certain key elements, the traditional IRA individual retirement plan. The more notable differences between the traditional IRA and the Roth IRA lie in the rules that govern their contributions and withdrawals.  



      Posted    
    
  
  May 19, 2016
  
  




 








 





Investment Strategies 


Employee Matching Retirement Contribution Plans for The Self-Employed



Are you self-employed and still want an employee matching retirement contribution plan? Well, you can with a SIMPLE IRA. 



      Posted    
    
  
  June 29, 2015
  
  




 










Investment Strategies 


Understanding Annuities



An annuity can seem like it’s some word thrown around with retirement and savings on financial ads during football season. Here’s a little help to understand annuities. 



      Posted    
    
  
  October 14, 2014
  
  




 










Investment Strategies 


Contributing and Withdrawing from Roth IRAs



Investments in Roth IRAs are quite simple to understand despite what financial ads that run during major sporting events would lead you to believe. 



      Posted    
    
  
  September 14, 2014
  
  




 








      Sign up for our newsletter:    
SubscribeSubscribe


 Leave this field blank 




Search form
Search





Categories



 Tax Strategies 
 13  

 Bookkeeping Strategies 
 3  

 End of Year 
 1  

 Tax Tips 
 19  

 Budgeting 
 8  

 Heath Care 
 3  

 Tips 
 56  

 Budgeting Tips 
 2  

 Homeownership 
 8  

 Business Analysis 
 1  

 Information Systems 
 5  

 Business Performance 
 2  

 Investment Strategies 
 7  

 Business Strategies 
 17  

 IRS & Credit Issues 
 4  

 Business Tips 
 8  

 small business tips 
 1  

 Corporate Finance 
 4  

 Tax Myths 
 1  

 Debt Management 
 3  

 Tax Planning 
 9  

 Deductions (Loans/Donations) 
 7  

 Tax Reduction Strategies 
 2  

 Employees 
 10  


Recent Posts




 

What Does the Term ‘Entrepreneurial Finance’ Mean?
 July 27, 2017 



 

Artificial Intelligence Applied to Accounting
 July 19, 2017 



 

How to Succeed as a Franchisee
 July 11, 2017 



Newsletter Archive


 July 2017
  June 2017
  May 2017
  April 2017
  March 2017
  February 2017
  January 2017
  December 2016
  November 2016
  October 2016
  September 2016
  August 2016
  July 2016
  June 2016
  May 2016
  April 2016
  March 2016
  February 2016
  January 2016
  December 2015
 
 
1 of 3
next ›



















