

	COLONARY CONCEPTS Trademark of ColonaryConcepts LLC. Serial Number: 85947017 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Pharmaceutical Products
COLONARY CONCEPTS










 
Get FREE email alerts













COLONARY CONCEPTS  Trademark Information
 ColonaryConcepts LLC
full line of therapeutic foods and beverages adapted for medical use; full line of therapeutic foods and beverages containing laxatives; full line of therapeutic foods and beverages containing electrolytes; full line of therapeutic foods and beverages containing pharmaceuticals, electrolytes and micronutrients for gastrointestinal health and motility, bowel and colon health and motility, preparation of the bowel and gastrointestinal region for...




Perfect for these industries

Pharmaceutical Products





Words that describe this mark
line   therapeutic   foods   beverages   adapted   medical   use   line   therapeutic   foods   beverages   containing   laxatives   line   therapeutic   foods   beverages   containing   electrolytes   line   therapeutic   foods   beverages   containing   pharmaceuticals       
                                    




This is a brand page for the COLONARY CONCEPTS trademark by ColonaryConcepts LLC 
                                in Newton, MA, 02459.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this COLONARY CONCEPTS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner ColonaryConcepts LLC of the COLONARY CONCEPTS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the COLONARY CONCEPTS trademark.
                           






On Friday, May 31, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        COLONARY CONCEPTS by 
                        ColonaryConcepts LLC, Newton, MA  02459.
                        The USPTO has given the COLONARY CONCEPTS 
                        trademark serial  number of  85947017.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for COLONARY CONCEPTS is 
                        
                        
                                            Aaron D. Hendelman of 
                                            WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI,  650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA 94304-1050 
                                .
                            The COLONARY CONCEPTS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Pharmaceutical Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for COLONARY CONCEPTS 
                            is full line of therapeutic foods and beverages adapted for medical use; full line of therapeutic foods and beverages containing laxatives; full line of therapeutic foods and beverages containing electrolytes; full line of therapeutic foods and beverages containing pharmaceuticals, electrolytes and micronutrients for gastrointestinal health and motility, bowel and colon health and motility, preparation of the bowel and gastrointestinal region for medical or surgical procedures, and to treat constipation and diarrhea, irritable bowel syndrome, digestive ailments and symptoms, and manage weight loss or weight gain; smoothies, milk shakes, snack bars, electrolyte drinks, puddings, savory and sweet sauces, candy, crackers, chicken and rice, and soups adapted for medical use; and smoothies, milk shakes snack bars, electrolyte drinks, puddings, savory and sweet sauces, candy, crackers, chicken and rice, and soups containing pharmaceuticals, electrolytes and micronutrients for gastrointestinal health and motility, bowel and colon health and motility, preparation of the bowel and gastrointestinal region for medical or surgical procedures, and to treat constipation and diarrhea, irritable bowel syndrome, digestive ailments and symptoms, and manage weight loss or weight gain; beverages containing pharmaceuticals, namely, electrolyte drinks for medical purposes. 
                            





Word mark:
 COLONARY CONCEPTS


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

6/12/2016






  Serial Number:  
85947017


  Filing Date:  
5/31/2013


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
full line of therapeutic foods and beverages adapted for medical use; full line of therapeutic foods and beverages containing laxatives; full line of therapeutic foods and beverages containing electrolytes; full line of therapeutic foods and beverages containing pharmaceuticals, electrolytes and micronutrients for gastrointestinal health and motility, bowel and colon health and motility, preparation of the bowel and gastrointestinal region for medical or surgical procedures, and to treat constipation and diarrhea, irritable bowel syndrome, digestive ailments and symptoms, and manage weight loss or weight gain; smoothies, milk shakes, snack bars, electrolyte drinks, puddings, savory and sweet sauces, candy, crackers, chicken and rice, and soups adapted for medical use; and smoothies, milk shakes snack bars, electrolyte drinks, puddings, savory and sweet sauces, candy, crackers, chicken and rice, and soups containing pharmaceuticals, electrolytes and micronutrients for gastrointestinal health and motility, bowel and colon health and motility, preparation of the bowel and gastrointestinal region for medical or surgical procedures, and to treat constipation and diarrhea, irritable bowel syndrome, digestive ailments and symptoms, and manage weight loss or weight gain; beverages containing pharmaceuticals, namely, electrolyte drinks for medical purposes


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
10/21/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

ColonaryConcepts LLCNewton, MA  02459
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Aaron D. Hendelman
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI
650 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304-1050






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (005) - Pharmaceutical and veterinary preparations; sanitary preparations for medical purposes; dietetic substances adapted for medical use, food for babies; plasters, materials for dressings; material for stopping teeth, dental wax; disinfectants; preparations for destroying vermin; fungicides, herbicides. 


First Use Anywhere: 
4/27/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
4/27/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your COLONARY CONCEPTS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/12/2016
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Aaron D. Hendelman


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of COLONARY CONCEPTS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search colonaryconcepts on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for COLONARY CONCEPTS 




COLONARY CONCEPTS is providing full line of therapeutic foods and beverages adapted for medical use; full line of therapeutic foods and beverages containing laxatives; full line of therapeutic foods and beverages containing electrolytes; full line of therapeutic foods and beverages containing pharmaceuticals, electrolytes and micronutrients for gastrointestinal health and motility, bowel and colon health and motility, preparation of the bowel and gastrointestinal region for medical or surgical procedures, and to treat cons....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















 QuickCorps.Com | Form an LLC or incorporate for business online today
































Incorporate Now















Launch Your Business 
With Speed And Value


Packages starting at $39 plus state filing fees.
Free 1st Year Registered Agent. 
All orders include free shipping.

Get Started











Start Your Business In 3 Easy Steps






1


Select a Package
We provide a side by side comparison of each of our packages. Select the package that is most suitable to your business needs.






2


Complete Order Form
Provide information about your company based on the selected state of incorporation.






3


Receive Your Documents
We do the work for you to draft your articles and work with the state to file your company. Upon completion we will mail your filed company formation documents to the address you provide.






What's included in each package?
See Plans & Pricing









How Does it Work

Once your order is placed we will begin processing the formation of your company. If additional information is required we will contact you for the necessary information. We handle your formation from beginning to end and make sure that your formation is filed quickly and correctly.





Review  Order Details

Every new order is reviewed for accuracy and conformity to state filing guidelines.



Name  Availability Search

A thorough name search is conducted with the state to ascertain the availability of the company name.



Prepare  and File Documents

Articles of Incorporation / Organization are prepared and delivered to the governing state agency.



Deliver  Filed Documents

The filed articles along with any additional services are mailed to the client.












Get a Quick Quote







Select Entity Type
LLC
S-Corporation
C-Corporation
Nonprofit






Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming








Get Started Now














How can we help you?



Client Support 





Name *



Email Address *



Phone Number *



Message *





Send Message



Thanks for your message! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.

Send Other










ColonaryConcepts LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:39 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of ColonaryConcepts LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
ColonaryConcepts LLC operates as a biotechnology company that designs and develops therapeutic products for gastrointestinal health based on a patient-centric technology platform. ColonaryConcepts LLC was formerly known as Colonary Solutions, LLC and changed its name to ColonaryConcepts LLC in April 2013. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is based in Newton, Massachusetts.


251 Nahanton StreetNewton, MA 02459United StatesFounded in 2012



Phone: 401-742-4599

www.colonaryconcepts.com







Key Executives for ColonaryConcepts LLC




Mr. Herbert B. Stern


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
      








Mr. Corey A. Siegel M.D., MS


      	Founder and Director
      








Mr. Joshua Korzenik M.D.


      	Founder and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

ColonaryConcepts LLC Key Developments

ColonaryConcepts, LLC Initiates Phase 1 Study of New Approach to Treating Chronic Constipation
Aug 3 16
ColonaryConcepts, LLC announced the start of an open label Phase 1b clinical trial in patients with chronic idiopathic constipation (CIC). The company’s experimental treatment, designated “C-bar,” is a solid-form edible bar in a range of palatable flavors that delivers PEG-3350, a well-characterized osmotic laxative. The C-bar is designed to offer patients a more convenient, portable, and palatable daily dose of active ingredient, in chewable form. ColonaryConcepts’ Chronic Constipation Study is an open-label, proof-of-concept, Phase 1b study to assess the safety and effectiveness of a daily dose of C-Bar in up to 25 adult male and female subjects with CIC who are currently managing their symptoms with a single daily dose of MiraLAX® (polyethylene glycol). The C-bar technology - integrating the active laxative ingredient within a solid-form, edible bar - was most recently deployed as part of ColonaryConcepts’ most advanced investigational product: the ECP Colon Prep kit, which has just successfully completed a Phase 2 trial. As part of the study, patients will consume one daily dose of 17 grams of PEG-3350 in a single C-bar each day for two weeks, and record their experience managing their symptoms. The trial is being conducted at the Investigative Clinical Research site in Annapolis, Maryland, under the direction of Principal Investigator Michael Epstein, M.D. Key endpoints for this study are effectiveness, patient tolerability and safety. ColonaryConcepts expects to use the results from this study to plan a Phase 2 trial in CIC, expected to begin later in 2016.


ColonaryConcepts, LLC Completes Phase 2 Study for New Approach to Colonoscopy Prep for Colorectal Cancer Screening
Jul 7 16
ColonaryConcepts, LLC announced positive topline results from a randomized, colonoscopist-blinded Phase 2 clinical study of the company’s novel investigational colonoscopy prep kit. The kit, to be available by prescription, is comprised of nutritionally balanced bars and beverages incorporating the standard purgative active ingredient, PEG 3350, which a patient consumes during the 24 hours prior to colonoscopy. Results of the study, ended after 65 patients completed a colonoscopy, showed successful colon cleansing (i.e., endoscopic visibility) in that over 90% of patients using the lead formulation had ‘excellent’ or ‘good’ rated colonoscopies. At the same time, participants reported high satisfaction with the CC kit and experienced no serious adverse events. Colonoscopy is the “gold standard” method of screening for colon cancer, according to the National Institutes of Health, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report that 6 of 10 deaths from colon cancer could be prevented by proper screening. While more than 15 million patients in the United States undergo colonoscopy, as many as 45% more go unscreened. Approximately 2/3 of those unscreened individuals cite the current standard colonoscopy prep as the reason they avoid screening. The current standard prep requires fasting and the ingestion of large volumes of poor-tasting, salty, purgative-containing fluids. Of those patients who begin the standard prep, suboptimal preparation occurs in as many as 25% of the cases ColonaryConcepts’ colonoscopy prep technology includes physician- and food scientist-formulated kits that are designed specifically to address patients’ major pain points in preparing for a colonoscopy. The core components of the lead formulation – solid bars and flavored beverages containing the active ingredients – may be regulated as drugs by the FDA. CC will seek FDA approval under the statutory 505(b)(2) NDA regulatory pathway.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      June 1, 2017
			    
ColonaryConcepts LLC, Novel Colonoscopy Preparation Assets



Private Placement

			      November 17, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ColonaryConcepts LLC, please visit www.colonaryconcepts.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



















































Culinary Concepts llc - Pompano Beach, FL - Barbecue Equipment & Supplies







 




























 




Pompano Beach, FL



Barbecue Equipment & Supplies



 
 










Sign in




















Barbecue Equipment & Supplies

CULINARY CONCEPTS LLC 





540 S Federal Hwy

POMPANO BEACH,
                    FL
33062

                    -
                    Broward County














                    (954) 781-5163

                  








Select




Send

Print
























Details



About:
CULINARY CONCEPTS LLC was established in 1998,  in POMPANO BEACH, FL - Broward County and  is a business specialized in Kitchens and Barbecue Grills. CULINARY CONCEPTS LLC is listed in the categories Barbecue Equipment & Supplies, Firewood, Grills & Grilling Equipment & Supplies, Homefurnishing Stores, Picnic Equipment & Supplies, All Other Home Furnishings Stores, Grills Gas & Electric, All Other Miscellaneous Store Retailers (Except Tobacco Stores), Other Fuel Dealers, Miscellaneous Homefurnishings Stores, Fuel Dealers, Nec, Miscellaneous Retail Stores, Nec and Housewares and offers BBQ Equipment, Cookware, Gifts, Grills, Parts & Accessories, Custom Work, Repairs, CUSTOM OUTDOOR KITCHENS etc. If you did business with CULINARY CONCEPTS LLC, please leave a review and help us improve and help other people. Also, don't forget to mention Hubbiz.
          
        


Categories:

            Barbecue Equipment & Supplies, 
            Firewood, 
            Grills & Grilling Equipment & Supplies, 
            Homefurnishing Stores, 
            Picnic Equipment & Supplies, 
            All Other Home Furnishings Stores, 
            Grills Gas & Electric, 
            All Other Miscellaneous Store Retailers (Except Tobacco Stores), 
            Other Fuel Dealers, 
            Miscellaneous Homefurnishings Stores, 
            Fuel Dealers, Nec, 
            Miscellaneous Retail Stores, Nec, 
            Housewares
    



Specialties:Kitchens, Barbecue Grills

Product Features:Electric

Products:BBQ Equipment, Cookware, Gifts, Grills, Parts & Accessories, Spices, Tools, Barbecue Supplies, Indoor

Services:Custom Work, Repairs, CUSTOM OUTDOOR KITCHENS

Payment Mode:Accepts credit cards, Credit Card

Brands:DCS, Lynx, Weber, Dynamic Cooking Systems

Year Started:1998


Website:

gratecook.com



Share




Tweet








Additional Phones:


              (954) 781-5359 (Other)
            


























Useful content








Discover Valuable Information
            We organize and make available for you to find over 30 million pieces of content shared by over 10 million local businesses and professionals.
            
            Find advice, how-tos, news, deals, videos and much more.
          




 Find More Content











Generating recommendations...







    Reviews for CULINARY CONCEPTS LLC
  


 Leave a 





 









Write a compliment here...






signin
250 250
Send









0 Be the first to write a review
      






 



Explore more like CULINARY CONCEPTS LLC


POMPANO BEACH, FL



Barbecue Equipment & Supplies





POMPANO BEACH, FL



Firewood





POMPANO BEACH, FL



Grills & Grilling Equipment & Supplies





POMPANO BEACH, FL



Homefurnishing Stores










Barbecue Equipment & Supplies






CULINARY CONCEPTS LLC

Barbecue Equipment & Supplies

540 S Federal Hwy
POMPANO BEACH, FL









PHN EQUIPMENT INC

Bricks Blocks & Stone Products

POMPANO BEACH, FL









Abc Supply CO. Inc.

Roofing Materials

1971 Hammondville Rd
Pompano Beach, FL









Abc Supply CO. Inc.

Roofing Materials

5550 Nw 12th Ave
Fort Lauderdale, FL









Abc Supply CO. Inc.

Roofing Materials

1231 NE 48th St
Pompano Beach, FL









Williams-Sonoma

Kitchen Accessories

2398 e Sunrise Blvd Ste E15
Fort Lauderdale, FL








Free QR Code



Download
— or embed —

Copy code





Business Owner?
Claim this Business
— or —
Add your Business


For your website


      Add the followers counter:





Copy
Customize
























Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter
        | Some data from Acxiom
    
















 I own or represent this business

 Address is a residence
 Incorrect information
 Business doesn't exist
 I have more information about this business
 Phone is a personal number
 I want to contact Hubbiz




















ColonaryConcepts, LLC Company Profile




























































BioPortfolio
Biotech, Healthcare and Medical Resources































Advertisement

Topics


All Topics
Biotechnology
Biotech Business
Biotech Products
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Dermatology
Drug Discovery
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
Immunology
Infectious Diseases
Mental Health
Neurology
Obstetrics
Orthopedics
Public Health
Respiratory
Rheumatology
Urology 
			Track topics on Twitter
Track topics that are important to you




Printed From BioPortfolio.com

ColonaryConcepts, LLC Company Profile

05:39 EDT 28th July 2017 | BioPortfolio











      ColonaryConcepts, LLC, headquartered in Newton, MA, is committed to 
      developing patient-centric innovations that improve gastrointestinal 
      health. The company currently has one product candidate in clinical 
      development: C-Barâ¢, a novel treatment for chronic constipation, which 
      is currently being studied in a Phase 1b clinical trial. 
      ColonaryConceptsâ physician-led product development team includes 
      Board-certified gastroenterologists, food scientists, pharmaceutical 
      development experts, culinary research chefs, and product design 
      strategists. For more information about ColonaryConcepts, LLC, please 
      visit www.colonaryconcepts.com.
    


News Articles
[1 Associated News Articles listed on BioPortfolio]
ColonaryConcepts Sells Its Novel Colonoscopy Preparation Assets to a GI-Focused Specialty Pharma Company
ColonaryConcepts, LLC today announced the sale of its proprietary 
      colonoscopy preparation assets to an undisclosed specialty 
      pharmaceutical company that specializes in gastrointes...


Drugs and Medications
[0 Results]
None


PubMed Articles
[0 Results]
None


Clinical Trials
[0 Results]
None


Companies
[1 Associated Companies listed on BioPortfolio]
ColonaryConcepts, LLC
ColonaryConcepts, LLC, headquartered in Newton, MA, is committed to 
      developing patient-centric innovations that improve gastrointestinal 
      health. The company currently has one prod...

More Information about "ColonaryConcepts, LLC" on BioPortfolio
We have published hundreds of ColonaryConcepts, LLC news stories on BioPortfolio along with dozens of ColonaryConcepts, LLC Clinical Trials and PubMed Articles about ColonaryConcepts, LLC for you to read. In addition to the medical data, news and clinical trials, BioPortfolio also has a large collection of ColonaryConcepts, LLC Companies in our database. You can also find out about relevant ColonaryConcepts, LLC Drugs and Medications on this site too.





Quick LinksAdvanced Search |
					Login |
					Subscribe | 
					RSS 

Quick Search






Advertisement


 

Relevant Topics
Women's Health
Women's Health - key topics include breast cancer, pregnancy, menopause, stroke

 
  Follow and track Women's Health News on BioPortfolio:
 
  
   
    
     
    
     Women's Health News RSS
   
   
    
     
    
     Women'...
Drug Discovery
Clinical Approvals
 
  Clinical Trials
 
  Drug Approvals
 
  Drug Delivery
 
  Drug Discovery
 
  Generics Drugs
 
  Prescription Drugs


 In the fields of medicine, biotechnology and pharmacology, drug discovery is the process by which drugs are dis...




Corporate Database Quicklinks
Search Corporate Database
Latest Corporate Records
Biotech Companies by Location
Popular Company Records
Recent Company Searches
Add or Control Your Corporate Profile


Searches Linking to this Company Record


















BioPortfolio Limited

About Us
Contact Us

Social Media

Twitter (200+ Accounts)
Twitter 
Google+ 
LinkedIn 



Publish Content

Publish
Publish Your Press Release
Advertise

Agreements

Agreements
Medical Disclaimer
Privacy



Tools

MyBioPortfolio
RSS

Help

FAQs
Sitemaps
XML Sitemap







			This site complies with the
			HONcode standard for trustworthy health
			information:
Verify here.



		The information provided by BioPortfolio.com is not a substitute for
		professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. The BioPortfolio
		site is sponsored BioPortfolio Limited with offices at Stafford House,
		10 Prince of Wales Road, Dorchester, DT1 1PW, England. If you
		are a legal copyright holder or a designated agent for such and you believe a
		post on this website falls outside the boundaries of “Fair Use” and
		legitimately infringes on your or your client's copyright we may be contacted
		concerning copyright matters at: priority@bioportfolio.com.
		
		All rights reserved. All other trademarks recognized. Copyright
		© 1997-2017 BioPortfolio Limited. Site developed by
		Alacrify Ltd.
	
















ColonaryConcepts LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























colonaryconcepts llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Biotech & Pharma
Sub-Industry: Specialty Pharma
ColonaryConcepts LLC operates as a pharmaceutical company. The Company offers therapeutic products for gastrointestinal health based on a patient-centric technology platform. ColonaryConcepts serves clients in the State of Massachusetts.




Corporate Information
Address:

351 Nahahnton Street
Newton, MA 02459-2909
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.colonaryconcepts.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	ColonaryConcepts LLC - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            ColonaryConcepts LLC
                        









print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

Newton, Mass.


 Region

New England


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Gastrointestinal


 Year Founded

2013


 Website

http://www.colonaryconcepts.com



 Lead Product Status

Phase II






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy


















.ColonaryConcepts




























Paradigm-shifting, physician-formulated innovations for gastrointestinal health.




























Leadership Team 
ColonaryConcepts is a nimble, entrepreneurial enterprise headquartered near Boston. Our team includes experts from a range of critical disciplines. 














												Corey Siegel, MD, MS
												Founder / Inventor


												A key opinion leader in gastroenterology and Director of the Inflammatory Bowel Disease Center at the Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center (Lebanon, NH) and an Associate Professor of The Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth. 
											










												Joshua  Korzenik, MD
												Founder / Inventor


											A key opinion leader in gastroenterology and on the faculty of Harvard Medical School and the Director of Brigham and Women’s Hospital Crohn’s and Colitis Center.  
											










												Herbert B Stern
												Founding CEO


												A seasoned business leader with more than 40 years of experience as a senior executive in industry and an entrepreneurial founder of businesses that have become leaders within their industries.
											













Key Collaborators 
We innovate in deep collaboration with functional experts in product design, regulatory strategy, and intellectual property.
 























The Food Innovation Nexus  





A therapeutic food innovation center offering expertise in design, strategy, and smart growth. Their team includes food scientists, research chefs, product designers, medical experts, and strategists. 
 											



















NDA Partners  





NDA Partners guides the regulatory process. Their team  includes seasoned regulatory affairs and strategy experts 											



















Wilson-Sonsini  





Wilson-Sonsini guides the legal process, offering extensive IP, regulatory, and corporate expertise										


















BioBridges


  





BioBridges helps exceptional pharmaceutical, biotech, and medical device professionals pursue the work that inspires them. 										










ColonaryConcepts' colon preparation and constipation products are in development, and are limited by Federal law to investigational use only.  They have not been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration as safe or effective.

































ColonaryConcepts




























Paradigm-shifting, physician-formulated innovations for gastrointestinal health.


































Gastrointestinal Health

Innovations


Patient-centered design




Innovative constipation treatment  and colonoscopy prep




Physician-formulated   




Patented technologies




Food as a delivery mode




Increased patient tolerability






















Patient-centered design
Superior constipation treatment and colonoscopy prep
Physician-formulated
Patented technologies
Food as a delivery mode
Increased patient tolerability










ColonaryConcepts is an innovative clinical-stage pharmaceutical development firm focused on technology platforms that promote gastrointestinal health.

								




 



ColonaryConcepts' colon preparation and constipation products are in development, and are limited by Federal law to investigational use only.  They have not been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration as safe or effective.

































ColonaryConcepts




























Paradigm-shifting, physician-formulated innovations for gastrointestinal health.

































													For general, media, strategic, and investor inquiries, please contact:info@colonaryconcepts.com





ColonaryConcepts' colon preparation and constipation products are in development, and are limited by Federal law to investigational use only.  They have not been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration as safe or effective.

































ColonaryConcepts




























Paradigm-shifting, physician-formulated innovations for gastrointestinal health.









































Where are you in the development process?




Our colon prep candidate  is	 currently entering our Phase 3 clinical trial, following a successful Phase 1 at the Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center, and a successful Phase 2 at the Indiana University Health and Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Centers. 
												
Our constipation technology is currently in a Phase 1 clinical trial, targeting completion in 1H’17.
												





What makes your technology so different?



There’s no fasting, no need to consume a large volume of white, viscous, unpalatable fluids, no nausea just simple, tasty, meal kits that you consume the day before the procedure.
												





When will your products reach the market?



The FDA regulates colon prep products, and we’re entering our Phase 2 trial. Forecasting is tricky, but our target is to secure approvals and launch by 2018. 
												





Where will I be able to purchase the colon prep kits?



When our products are FDA-approved, we expect that your physician will prescribe them,  just as conventional prep kits are prescribed today. 
												





Can I invest or buy shares in Colonary Concepts?



Not at this time. We’re a privately-held firm – but thank you for interest!
												
















ColonaryConcepts © 2017 | All Rights Reserved
























Colonary Concepts




























Paradigm-shifting, physician-formulated innovations for gastrointestinal health.





















ColonaryConcepts' colon preparation and constipation products are in development, and are limited by Federal law to investigational use only.  They have not been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration as safe or effective.
 










ColonaryConcepts Sells Its Novel Colonoscopy Preparation Assets to a GI-Focused Specialty Pharma Company



												Published in: 
												Business Wire


												  Author:
												
Joan E. Kureczka





											ColonaryConcepts, LLC today announced the sale of its proprietary colonoscopy preparation assets to an undisclosed specialty pharmaceutical company that specializes in gastrointestinal health. The acquirer has secured worldwide rights to the unique colon prep technology, which integrates active ingredients into nutritionally balanced bars and beverages, with a goal of improving patient experience.



 ...

										

Read More












If you’ve avoided colonoscopies because of the icky prep, help may be on the way



												Published in: 
												Washington Post


												  Author:
												
Marlene Cimons





											In a sense, children have had it better than grown-ups when it comes to patient-friendly care. They get to take flavored medications and at least one vaccine (oral polio) that is needle-free, with more probably on the way. Moreover, kids probably also still get the occasional lollipop (or stickers) for putting up with something that hurts.



 ...

										

Read More











Colonoscopy prep may be getting less horrible



												Published in: 
												New York Daily News


												  Author:
												
JOE DZIEMIANOWICZ





											The worst thing about having a colonoscopy isn’t when you’re sedated and your doc scopes you where the sun don’t shine. It’s the prep, when you have to drink a gross laxative — and lots of it — to evacuate your plumbing for a clear reading. So gross. I’ve been there, so I appreciate efforts to build a better bowel cleaner.



 ...

										

Read More











Novel Colonoscopy Prep Is Poised to Improve Screening Rates for Colon Cancer



												Published in: 
												Oncology Nurse Advisor


												  Author:
												
Jason Hoffman, PharmD, RPh





											Edible colon preparation (ECP) was found to be at least as effective and safe as currently available colonoscopy preparation formulations, and it was preferred with high satisfaction, according to study results presented at the American College of Gastroenterology 2016 Annual Scientific Meeting.




 ...

										

Read More











RIP for the dreaded colonoscopy drink?



												Published in: 
												Fox News


												  Author:
												CNN Wire





											To clear the colon and rectum for doctors to examine them for early signs of cancer, patients must guzzle a gargantuan amount of a salty, repulsive-tasting drink and laxative. While there are many different brands of this drink available, most of them have the same “ick” factor.

 ...

										

Read More











RIP for the dreaded colonoscopy drink?



												Published in: 
												CNN


												  Author:
												Jacqueline Howard





											When it comes to undergoing a colonoscopy, a screening test for colon cancer, many patients agree that the preparation is the worst part
 ...

										

Read More











ColonaryConcepts Initiates Phase 1 Study of New Approach to Treating Chronic Constipation



												Published in: 
												Business Wire


												  Author:
												Joan E. Kureczka





											Edible bar-based formulation of PEG-3350 extends company’s work in developing patient-friendly colonoscopy prep to new indication

 ...

										

Read More











Drs. Corey Siegel, Joshua Korzenik develop new bar & beverage line for colonoscopy prep — 6 things to know



												Published in: 
												Becker's


												  Author:
												Allison Sobczak





											Corey A. Siegel, MD, and Joshua R. Korzenik, MD, have developed a new bar and beverage line to help ease the colonoscopy prep process for patients, according to the Boston Business Journal.

Here are six things to know: ...

										

Read More











PEG 3350-containing bars, beverages an effective new approach to bowel prep for colonoscopy



												Published in: 
												Healio





											The randomized, colonoscopist-blinded trial ended after 65 patients completed their colonoscopy, and more than 90% of those who consumed the novel ColonaryConcepts bowel prep regimen 24 hours before colonoscopy had ‘excellent’ or ‘good’ endoscopic visibility. Patients also reported high satisfaction, and no serious adverse events occurred. ...

										

Read More











ColonaryConcepts Successfully Completes Phase 2 Study for a New Approach to Colonoscopy Prep for Colorectal Cancer Screening



												Published in: 
												Business Wire


												  Author:
												Joan E. Kureczka





											ColonaryConcepts, LLC (CC) today announced positive topline results from a randomized, colonoscopist-blinded Phase 2 clinical study of the company’s novel investigational colonoscopy prep kit. The kit, to be available by prescription, is comprised of nutritionally balanced bars and beverages incorporating the standard purgative active ingredient, PEG 3350, which a patient consumes during the 24 hours prior to colonoscopy. Results of the study, ended after 65 patients completed a colonoscopy, showed successful colon cleansing (i.e., endoscopic visibility) in that over 90% of patients using the lead formulation had ‘excellent’ or ‘good’ rated colonoscopies. At the same time, participants reported high satisfaction with the CC kit and experienced no serious adverse events ...

										

Read More











Newton startup seeks to purge the unpleasantness from colonoscopy prep



												Published in: 
												Boston Business Journal


												  Author:
												Jessica Bartlett





											When Dr. Corey Siegel was doing his gastroenterology fellowship at Massachusetts General Hospital, he spotted a troubling trend: Patients were avoiding colonoscopies because the preparation ahead of the procedure was so grueling.

Siegel, who now works at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center, and his MGH mentor, Dr. Joshua Korzenik, who is now director of Brigham and Women’s Hospital Crohn’s and Colitis Center, have since embarked on developing a new bar and beverage line to help people prep for colonoscopies. The goal, he says, is to provide a more palatable alternative to the salty, sludgy liquid patients must imbibe ahead of the procedure ...

										

Read More











Purgative Meals for Colonoscopy Prep



												Published in: 
												Today's Geriatric Medicine


												  Author:
												Jamie Santa Cruz





											Patients routinely complain that bowel preparation prior to a colonoscopy is a substantial turnoff, but a new alternative to traditional preparation methods has emerged on the horizon. Researchers from ...

										

Read More











ColonaryConcepts Announces First Patient Enrolled in Landmark Gastroenterologist-Designed Colon-Prep Phase 2 Study



												Published in: 
												Digital Journal


												  Author:
												MarketWired





											ColonaryConcepts, LLC, a biotechnology company focused on breakthrough technology platforms that promote gastrointestinal health, announced the first patient enrolled in the landmark gastroenterologist-designed Colon Prep Phase 2 clinical trial...

										

Read More
















DDW: Scheduled for a colonoscopy? Pass the pretzels!



												Published in: 
												The Oncology Report


												  Author:
												PATRICE WENDLING, Oncology Practice Digital Network





											A novel, edible colon preparation could make obsolete the fasting and large volume of salty liquid cleansing that keep many a patient from completing their colonoscopies.

A pilot study showed that all 10 patients who ate a series of nutritionally balanced meals, drinks, and snacks such as pretzels and pudding had a successful colon cleansing according to the endoscopist at the time of the procedure, Dr. L. Campbell Levy of Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon, N.H., reported at the annual Digestive Disease Week...

										

Read More
















You may not have to drink that nasty liquid before your colonoscopy



												Published in: 
												Washington Post


												  Author:
												Lenny Bernstein DC





											There is general agreement that colonoscopies save lives. About 140,000 people will come down with colon or rectal cancers this year, according to the American Cancer Society, and about 50,000 people will die from those diseases.

Yet an estimated 25 million people who should be screened don't have the procedure done. That's about 40 percent of the people who should...

										

Read More











Bowel screening to become less of a pain in the backside



												Published in: 
												New Scientist


												  Author:
												Bob Roehr, Washington DC





											Preparing for a colonoscopy isn't fun. Patients must fast and drink litres of fluid laced with foul-tasting chemicals to clean out their bowels.

The good news is that a more friendly alternative is in the pipeline. Researchers developing the approach believe a single day of specially prepared foods, with the necessary laxatives and electrolytes incorporated into the preparation, can do the cleansing job just as well as the traditional, gruelling approach...
										

Read More











 Colonoscopy Prep Made Palatable



												Published in: 
												MD Magazine


												  Author:
												Glen Scott




Patients recommended for screening colonoscopy often resist because the bowel cleansing regimen is unpleasant.

In an abstract presented May 17 at the 2015 Digestive Disease Week conference in Washington, DC, Campbell Levy, MD, of Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon, NH, and colleagues at other institutions report on a novel edible product that achieves the desired results…										

Read More











 Purgative Meals Touted as New Approach to Colonoscopy Prep 



												Published in: 
												MedPage Today


												  Author:
												John Gever 
Managing Editor





											Arguably the worst part of colonoscopies for patients was made a bit easier with a new approach to bowel cleansing, a researcher reported here.
In a small pilot study, meals infused with the conventional laxative agent PEG-3350 along with sorbitol and ascorbic acid, which patients consumed the day before screening or surveillance colonoscopies, provided good-to-excellent bowel cleansing according to the endoscopists' standard grading, with good-to-excellent tolerability ratings from the patients as well, according to L. Campbell Levy, MD, of Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon, N.H...
										

Read More
























ColonaryConcepts' colon preparation and constipation products are in development, and are limited by Federal law to investigational use only.  They have not been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration as safe or effective.

























	ColonaryConcepts Sells Its Novel Colonoscopy Preparation Assets To A GI Focused Specialty Pharma Company













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






ColonaryConcepts Sells Its Novel Colonoscopy Preparation Assets To A GI-Focused Specialty Pharma Company  











Tweet








6/1/2017 6:49:58 AM




  Life Sciences Jobs
 


  &bullet; Newest Jobs - Last 24 Hours


  &bullet; California Jobs


  &bullet; Massachusetts Jobs


  &bullet; New Jersey Jobs


  &bullet; Maryland Jobs


  &bullet; Washington Jobs


  View More Jobs


NEWTON, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ColonaryConcepts, LLC today announced the sale of its proprietary 
      colonoscopy preparation assets to an undisclosed specialty 
      pharmaceutical company that specializes in gastrointestinal health. The 
      acquirer has secured worldwide rights to the unique colon prep 
      technology, which integrates active ingredients into nutritionally 
      balanced bars and beverages, with a goal of improving patient 
      experience. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
    
“This event also brings substantial non-dilutive capital to 
      ColonaryConcepts, which will enable us to advance other products from 
      our patient-friendly technology platform, initially focused on 
      innovative new treatments for various types of constipation.”

      ColonaryConcepts, LLC continues to pursue the development of the balance 
      of its patient-friendly technology platform, including novel approaches 
      to treating various types of constipation. The company is currently 
      conducting a Phase 1b clinical trial with its lead product formulation 
      in patients with chronic idiopathic constipation (CIC).
    

      Herbert Stern, Chief Executive Officer of ColonaryConcepts commented, 
      “This transaction with an experienced GI-focused company will enable a 
      significant acceleration in the development and commercialization of our 
      novel and paradigm-shifting approach to colorectal cancer screening. We 
      remain convinced that millions of patients will benefit from the advance 
      in colonoscopy prep that ColonaryConcept’s team has developed, and are 
      delighted that our partners are committed to propelling this technology 
      forward.
    

      “This event also brings substantial non-dilutive capital to 
      ColonaryConcepts, which will enable us to advance other products from 
      our patient-friendly technology platform, initially focused on 
      innovative new treatments for various types of constipation.”
    

      Outcome Capital, LLC served as exclusive financial advisor to 
      ColonaryConcepts in the transaction.
    

About ColonaryConcepts, LLC


      ColonaryConcepts, LLC, headquartered in Newton, MA, is committed to 
      developing patient-centric innovations that improve gastrointestinal 
      health. The company currently has one product candidate in clinical 
      development: C-Bar™, a novel treatment for chronic constipation, which 
      is currently being studied in a Phase 1b clinical trial. 
      ColonaryConcepts’ physician-led product development team includes 
      Board-certified gastroenterologists, food scientists, pharmaceutical 
      development experts, culinary research chefs, and product design 
      strategists. For more information about ColonaryConcepts, LLC, please 
      visit www.colonaryconcepts.com.
    


 
Bioscribe, Inc.Joan E. Kureczka, 415-821-2413Joan@bioscribe.comorColonaryConceptsHerb 
      Stern, 401-742-4599info@colonaryconcepts.comMichael 
      Allio, 401-865-6371michael.allio@gmail.com







                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
ColonaryConcepts Initiates Phase I Study Of New Approach To Treating Chronic Constipation  Reverse Aging And Live Longer With This New High-Tech Tool  Novel Colonoscopy Prep From ColonaryConcepts Shows Excellent Efficacy And Safety With Higher Patient Preference Over Standard Preps

  Why Biotech Stock Prices Ultimately Depend On Low Inflation  40 Pro-Trumpcare Republicans Owned $23 Million+ in Health Care Stock  26 Patients Dead After Replacing Controller for Abbott (ABT)'s HeartMate II Blood Pumps at Home  How Science And Technology Can Save Lives, One App At A Time  5 Charged in Trading Scheme Involving Classified Government Information at U.S. Health Agency  Heads Up! These are the Type of Startups Google (GOOG) is Looking to Back  Investors Antsy as Novartis AG (NVS) Mulls Over Selling $50 Billion in Assets  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            ColonaryConcepts




             
        





                            •
                            Medical Devices



                            •
                            Medical Dev. & Diag. - Mergers and Acquisitions




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 




































Colonary Concepts




























Paradigm-shifting, physician-formulated innovations for gastrointestinal health.





















ColonaryConcepts' colon preparation and constipation products are in development, and are limited by Federal law to investigational use only.  They have not been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration as safe or effective.
 










ColonaryConcepts Sells Its Novel Colonoscopy Preparation Assets to a GI-Focused Specialty Pharma Company



												Published in: 
												Business Wire


												  Author:
												
Joan E. Kureczka





											ColonaryConcepts, LLC today announced the sale of its proprietary colonoscopy preparation assets to an undisclosed specialty pharmaceutical company that specializes in gastrointestinal health. The acquirer has secured worldwide rights to the unique colon prep technology, which integrates active ingredients into nutritionally balanced bars and beverages, with a goal of improving patient experience.



 ...

										

Read More












If you’ve avoided colonoscopies because of the icky prep, help may be on the way



												Published in: 
												Washington Post


												  Author:
												
Marlene Cimons





											In a sense, children have had it better than grown-ups when it comes to patient-friendly care. They get to take flavored medications and at least one vaccine (oral polio) that is needle-free, with more probably on the way. Moreover, kids probably also still get the occasional lollipop (or stickers) for putting up with something that hurts.



 ...

										

Read More











Colonoscopy prep may be getting less horrible



												Published in: 
												New York Daily News


												  Author:
												
JOE DZIEMIANOWICZ





											The worst thing about having a colonoscopy isn’t when you’re sedated and your doc scopes you where the sun don’t shine. It’s the prep, when you have to drink a gross laxative — and lots of it — to evacuate your plumbing for a clear reading. So gross. I’ve been there, so I appreciate efforts to build a better bowel cleaner.



 ...

										

Read More











Novel Colonoscopy Prep Is Poised to Improve Screening Rates for Colon Cancer



												Published in: 
												Oncology Nurse Advisor


												  Author:
												
Jason Hoffman, PharmD, RPh





											Edible colon preparation (ECP) was found to be at least as effective and safe as currently available colonoscopy preparation formulations, and it was preferred with high satisfaction, according to study results presented at the American College of Gastroenterology 2016 Annual Scientific Meeting.




 ...

										

Read More











RIP for the dreaded colonoscopy drink?



												Published in: 
												Fox News


												  Author:
												CNN Wire





											To clear the colon and rectum for doctors to examine them for early signs of cancer, patients must guzzle a gargantuan amount of a salty, repulsive-tasting drink and laxative. While there are many different brands of this drink available, most of them have the same “ick” factor.

 ...

										

Read More











RIP for the dreaded colonoscopy drink?



												Published in: 
												CNN


												  Author:
												Jacqueline Howard





											When it comes to undergoing a colonoscopy, a screening test for colon cancer, many patients agree that the preparation is the worst part
 ...

										

Read More











ColonaryConcepts Initiates Phase 1 Study of New Approach to Treating Chronic Constipation



												Published in: 
												Business Wire


												  Author:
												Joan E. Kureczka





											Edible bar-based formulation of PEG-3350 extends company’s work in developing patient-friendly colonoscopy prep to new indication

 ...

										

Read More











Drs. Corey Siegel, Joshua Korzenik develop new bar & beverage line for colonoscopy prep — 6 things to know



												Published in: 
												Becker's


												  Author:
												Allison Sobczak





											Corey A. Siegel, MD, and Joshua R. Korzenik, MD, have developed a new bar and beverage line to help ease the colonoscopy prep process for patients, according to the Boston Business Journal.

Here are six things to know: ...

										

Read More











PEG 3350-containing bars, beverages an effective new approach to bowel prep for colonoscopy



												Published in: 
												Healio





											The randomized, colonoscopist-blinded trial ended after 65 patients completed their colonoscopy, and more than 90% of those who consumed the novel ColonaryConcepts bowel prep regimen 24 hours before colonoscopy had ‘excellent’ or ‘good’ endoscopic visibility. Patients also reported high satisfaction, and no serious adverse events occurred. ...

										

Read More











ColonaryConcepts Successfully Completes Phase 2 Study for a New Approach to Colonoscopy Prep for Colorectal Cancer Screening



												Published in: 
												Business Wire


												  Author:
												Joan E. Kureczka





											ColonaryConcepts, LLC (CC) today announced positive topline results from a randomized, colonoscopist-blinded Phase 2 clinical study of the company’s novel investigational colonoscopy prep kit. The kit, to be available by prescription, is comprised of nutritionally balanced bars and beverages incorporating the standard purgative active ingredient, PEG 3350, which a patient consumes during the 24 hours prior to colonoscopy. Results of the study, ended after 65 patients completed a colonoscopy, showed successful colon cleansing (i.e., endoscopic visibility) in that over 90% of patients using the lead formulation had ‘excellent’ or ‘good’ rated colonoscopies. At the same time, participants reported high satisfaction with the CC kit and experienced no serious adverse events ...

										

Read More











Newton startup seeks to purge the unpleasantness from colonoscopy prep



												Published in: 
												Boston Business Journal


												  Author:
												Jessica Bartlett





											When Dr. Corey Siegel was doing his gastroenterology fellowship at Massachusetts General Hospital, he spotted a troubling trend: Patients were avoiding colonoscopies because the preparation ahead of the procedure was so grueling.

Siegel, who now works at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center, and his MGH mentor, Dr. Joshua Korzenik, who is now director of Brigham and Women’s Hospital Crohn’s and Colitis Center, have since embarked on developing a new bar and beverage line to help people prep for colonoscopies. The goal, he says, is to provide a more palatable alternative to the salty, sludgy liquid patients must imbibe ahead of the procedure ...

										

Read More











Purgative Meals for Colonoscopy Prep



												Published in: 
												Today's Geriatric Medicine


												  Author:
												Jamie Santa Cruz





											Patients routinely complain that bowel preparation prior to a colonoscopy is a substantial turnoff, but a new alternative to traditional preparation methods has emerged on the horizon. Researchers from ...

										

Read More











ColonaryConcepts Announces First Patient Enrolled in Landmark Gastroenterologist-Designed Colon-Prep Phase 2 Study



												Published in: 
												Digital Journal


												  Author:
												MarketWired





											ColonaryConcepts, LLC, a biotechnology company focused on breakthrough technology platforms that promote gastrointestinal health, announced the first patient enrolled in the landmark gastroenterologist-designed Colon Prep Phase 2 clinical trial...

										

Read More
















DDW: Scheduled for a colonoscopy? Pass the pretzels!



												Published in: 
												The Oncology Report


												  Author:
												PATRICE WENDLING, Oncology Practice Digital Network





											A novel, edible colon preparation could make obsolete the fasting and large volume of salty liquid cleansing that keep many a patient from completing their colonoscopies.

A pilot study showed that all 10 patients who ate a series of nutritionally balanced meals, drinks, and snacks such as pretzels and pudding had a successful colon cleansing according to the endoscopist at the time of the procedure, Dr. L. Campbell Levy of Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon, N.H., reported at the annual Digestive Disease Week...

										

Read More
















You may not have to drink that nasty liquid before your colonoscopy



												Published in: 
												Washington Post


												  Author:
												Lenny Bernstein DC





											There is general agreement that colonoscopies save lives. About 140,000 people will come down with colon or rectal cancers this year, according to the American Cancer Society, and about 50,000 people will die from those diseases.

Yet an estimated 25 million people who should be screened don't have the procedure done. That's about 40 percent of the people who should...

										

Read More











Bowel screening to become less of a pain in the backside



												Published in: 
												New Scientist


												  Author:
												Bob Roehr, Washington DC





											Preparing for a colonoscopy isn't fun. Patients must fast and drink litres of fluid laced with foul-tasting chemicals to clean out their bowels.

The good news is that a more friendly alternative is in the pipeline. Researchers developing the approach believe a single day of specially prepared foods, with the necessary laxatives and electrolytes incorporated into the preparation, can do the cleansing job just as well as the traditional, gruelling approach...
										

Read More











 Colonoscopy Prep Made Palatable



												Published in: 
												MD Magazine


												  Author:
												Glen Scott




Patients recommended for screening colonoscopy often resist because the bowel cleansing regimen is unpleasant.

In an abstract presented May 17 at the 2015 Digestive Disease Week conference in Washington, DC, Campbell Levy, MD, of Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon, NH, and colleagues at other institutions report on a novel edible product that achieves the desired results…										

Read More











 Purgative Meals Touted as New Approach to Colonoscopy Prep 



												Published in: 
												MedPage Today


												  Author:
												John Gever 
Managing Editor





											Arguably the worst part of colonoscopies for patients was made a bit easier with a new approach to bowel cleansing, a researcher reported here.
In a small pilot study, meals infused with the conventional laxative agent PEG-3350 along with sorbitol and ascorbic acid, which patients consumed the day before screening or surveillance colonoscopies, provided good-to-excellent bowel cleansing according to the endoscopists' standard grading, with good-to-excellent tolerability ratings from the patients as well, according to L. Campbell Levy, MD, of Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon, N.H...
										

Read More
























ColonaryConcepts' colon preparation and constipation products are in development, and are limited by Federal law to investigational use only.  They have not been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration as safe or effective.














































Pompano Beach Business Directory. Restaurants, Contractors, Shopping and Savings, Local Services







 




























Pompano Beach, FL






Business Directory






 
 

0 selected
0 recently viewed



Sign up
Sign in
Add Business









Find




Businesses


Deals


Content


Videos









Businesses


Deals



Content



Videos





Near





 
 Search










Home
Food & Fun
Shopping & Savings
Local Services
Health
Travel
B2B










Explore:

Latest Deals
Restaurants with Online Menu
Restaurants with Online Order
Businesses Recently Added




                Airport Transportation Services
              



                Attorneys
              



                Auto
              



                      Auto Repair
                    



                      Car Dealers
                    



                      Car Washes
                    





                Automotive
              



                      Auto Maintenance & Repair Services
                    



                      Car Rental & Leasing
                    



                      Car Washing & Detailing
                    





                Bars
              



                Beauty
              



                      Barbers
                    



                      Beauty salons
                    



                      Nails salons
                    



                      Tanning
                    





                Beauty & Spa
              



                      Nail Salons
                    



                      Tanning Salons
                    





                Business & Trade Organizations
              



                Child Care & Day Care Services
              



                Chiropractor
              



                Clothing & Appareal
              



                      Department Store
                    



                      Jewelry
                    





                Computer Repair
              



                Computer Stores
              



                Contractors
              



                      Electrical Contractors
                    



                      Painting Contractors
                    



                      Plumbing Contractors
                    





                Dentists
              



                Events
              



                      Caterers
                    



                      Party Supplies
                    



                      Venues & Event Spaces
                    





                Events & Parties
              



                      Caterers Food Services
                    



                      Halls, Auditoriums & Ballrooms Rental
                    





                Food
              



                      Bagels
                    



                      Bakeries
                    



                      Barbeque
                    



                      Beer, wine & spirits
                    



                      Delicatessen
                    



                      Delis
                    



                      Italian
                    



                      Juice-bars
                    



                      Pizza
                    



                      Restaurant, dinner & burgers
                    



                      Sandwiches
                    



                      Steakhouses
                    



                      Take Out & Delivery
                    





                Fun
              



                      Amusements Parks
                    



                      Bars & Pubs
                    



                      Cinema
                    



                      Comedy Clubs
                    



                      Fitness & Recreation
                    



                      Music Revenues
                    



                      Skating Rinks
                    





                Fun Activities
              



                      Amusement Parks
                    



                      Movie Theaters
                    





                Games & Hobbies
              



                Gym & Health Clubs
              



                Health
              



                      Dentist
                    



                      Optometrist
                    





                Hospitals
              



                Liquor & Alcohol Stores
              



                Optometrists
              



                Other
              



                      Books, Magazines, & Newspapers Stores
                    



                      Office Equipment Supplies & Furniture
                    



                      Used Merchandise
                    





                Restaurants by Cousine
              



                      Barbecue
                    



                      Chinese
                    



                      Italina
                    



                      Mexican
                    



                      Steak House
                    





                Restaurants by Type
              



                      Delivery
                    



                      Diner
                    



                      Pizza Restaurant
                    



                      Sandwich Shop
                    





                Services
              



                      Carpet Cleaning
                    



                      Carpet Rug & Upholstery Cleaners
                    



                      Child Care & Day Care
                    



                      Computer Repair & IT
                    



                      Contractors
                    



                      Couriers & Delivery
                    



                      Dry Cleaning & Laundry
                    



                      Electricians
                    



                      House Cleaning
                    



                      Keys & Locksmiths
                    



                      Landscaping
                    



                      Locksmiths
                    



                      Movers
                    



                      Painters
                    



                      Pest Control
                    



                      Pest Control Services
                    



                      Plumbing
                    



                      Self Storage
                    





                Shopping
              



                      Bookstores
                    



                      Computers
                    



                      Department Stores
                    



                      Electronics
                    



                      Florists
                    



                      Jewelry & Watches
                    



                      Office Supplies
                    



                      Sporting Goods
                    



                      Thrift Stores
                    



                      Toy, Games & Hobbies
                    





                Travel
              



                      Airline
                    



                      Airports & Terminal
                    



                      Car Rental
                    



                      Services
                    



                      Travel Agencies
                    






Top Deals






Business in Pompano Beach, FL
        
 Follow










 Morgan & Morgan 

posted

  about 16 hours ago






            
            Morgan & Morgan Wins Five Jury Awards For Plaintiffs in Past Week
          






National plaintiffs’ law firm Morgan & Morgan has kept the Florida courts busy in the past week by winning five jury verdicts totalling more than $3.67 million. The first four verdicts were all announced on July 12, and were comprised by more than $2 million in awards from cases involving an injured dock worker who …







          Morgan & Morgan
            Plantation, FL









 Send
        



















 Brodie & Friedman P.A. 

posted

  about 18 hours ago






            
            OpenStack Experts Strategy Session
          






Request a free cloud strategy session Sign up now to get a free cloud strategy session with our experts.  Spend 30 minutes with our experts. We’ll listen to your business challenges, and spend some time discussing







          Brodie & Friedman P.A.
            Boca Raton, FL









 Send
        




















        Chroma hair studio and spa
      

added

  about 20 hours ago






Deal ➤ 
            63% off at Chroma Hair Studio and Spa
          
















          Chroma hair studio and spa
            Galt Mile - Fort Lauderdale









 Send
        




















        Ceviche Street 
      

added

  1 day ago






Deal ➤ 
            40% off at Ceviche Street 
          
















          Ceviche Street 
            Fort Lauderdale, FL









 Send
        



















 Lindstrom Air Conditioning & Plumbing 

posted

  1 day ago






            
            Rigid Dryer Hose to Prevent Fires
          






Installing a Semi-Rigid Dryer Hose to Prevent Fires features a tutorial for replacing the dryer hose from a shiny, foil type to the semi-rigid dryer duct hose.







          Lindstrom Air Conditioning & Plumbing
            Pompano Beach, FL









 Send
        




















        W Fort Lauderdale Hotel
      

added

  1 day ago






Deal ➤ 
            49% off at Bliss Spa at W Fort Lauderdale
          












            Ends in
            2017-08-26T03:00:00+00:00






          W Fort Lauderdale Hotel
            Central Beach Alliance - Fort Lauderdale









 Send
        



















 JESUS PEOPLE PROCLAIM INTERNATIONAL MINISTRIES 

posted

  1 day ago






            
            Eternal Change Ministries
          






1839 West Hillsboro Boulevard*







          JESUS PEOPLE PROCLAIM INTERNATIONAL MINISTRIES
            Boca Raton, FL









 Send
        



















 Fast Track Debt Relief 

posted

  1 day ago






            
            A Closer Look at the Debt
          






Fast Track is a debt relief company that offers debt consolidation programs so you can get a closer look at the debt you are accumulating. Take a look at some of our tips to get you out of debt.







          Fast Track Debt Relief
            Tamarac, FL









 Send
        




















        Burger 21
      

added

  1 day ago






Deal ➤ 
            50% off at BURGER 21
          












            Ends in
            2017-08-15T23:59:00+00:00






          Burger 21
            Fort Lauderdale, FL









 Send
        




















        GG's of New York
      

added

  1 day ago






Deal ➤ 
            50% off at GG's of New York
          












            Ends in
            2017-08-21T23:59:00+00:00






          GG's of New York
            Fort Lauderdale, FL









 Send
        




















        101 Ocean
      

added

  1 day ago






Deal ➤ 
            50% off at 101 Ocean
          












            Ends in
            2017-08-15T23:59:00+00:00






          101 Ocean
            Fort Lauderdale, FL









 Send
        




















        BUSTERS DOUGHBOYS & CLAM CAKES
      

added

  1 day ago






Deal ➤ 
            50% off at BUSTERS DOUGHBOYS & CLAM CAKES
          












            Ends in
            2017-08-15T23:59:00+00:00






          BUSTERS DOUGHBOYS & CLAM CAKES
            Fort Lauderdale, FL









 Send
        




















        Grande Pizza
      

added

  1 day ago






Deal ➤ 
            50% off at Grande Pizza
          












            Ends in
            2017-08-15T23:59:00+00:00






          Grande Pizza
            Fort Lauderdale, FL









 Send
        




















        Sage French Cafe
      

added

  1 day ago






Deal ➤ 
            38% off at Sage Cafe
          












            Ends in
            2017-07-30T03:59:59+00:00






          Sage French Cafe
            Coral Ridge - Fort Lauderdale









 Send
        




















        Club Boca
      

added

  1 day ago






Deal ➤ 
            50% off at Club Boca
          












            Ends in
            2017-09-22T20:00:00+00:00






          Club Boca
            Boca Raton, FL









 Send
        



















 BOAT INTERNATIONAL INC 

posted

  1 day ago






            
            Build update: Second Baglietto T
          






Italian yard Baglietto has released new images of its in-build superyacht project 10228, which is taking shape ahead of a planned summer 2018 launch date







          BOAT INTERNATIONAL INC
            Flagler Heights - Fort Lauderdale









 Send
        



















 G4s Secure Solutions Usa 

posted

  2 days ago






            
            Time Health Care Professional (HCP)
          






Security jobs and careers with G4S







          G4s Secure Solutions Usa
            Boca Raton, FL









 Send
        



















 G4s Secure Solutions Usa 

posted

  2 days ago






            
            Upscale Security Officer / Security Guard
          






Security jobs and careers with G4S







          G4s Secure Solutions Usa
            Boca Raton, FL









 Send
        



















 THALES E-SECURITY 

posted

  2 days ago






            
            Thales Delivers Trust for Internet of Things (IoT) Devices and Data
          






Digital birth certificates, code signing and transparent encryption enable confidence for the IoT...







          THALES E-SECURITY
            PLANTATION, FL









 Send
        




















        Broward Center for the Performing Arts
      

added

  2 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            50% off at Broward Center for the Performing Arts
          












            Ends in
            2017-10-14T19:00:00+00:00






          Broward Center for the Performing Arts
            Fort Lauderdale, FL









 Send
        


















        Show more
        











 
 


Albuquerque (NM)
Arlington (TX)
Atlanta (GA)
Austin (TX)
Baltimore (MD)
Boston (MA)
Charlotte (NC)
Chicago (IL)
Cleveland (OH)


Colorado Springs (CO)
Columbus (OH)
Dallas (TX)
Denver (CO)
Detroit (MI)
El Paso (TX)
Forth Worth (TX)
Fresno (CA)
Honolulu (HI)


Houston (TX)
Indianapolis (IN)
Jacksonville (FL)
Kansas City (KS)
Las Vegas (NV)
Long Beach (CA)
Los Angeles (CA)
Louisville (KY)
Memphis (TN)


Mesa (AZ)
Miami (FL)
Milwaukee (WI)
Minneapolis (MN)
Nashville (TN)
New Orleans (LA)
New York (NY)
Oakland (CA)
Oklahoma City, OK)


Omaha (NE)
Philadelphia (PA)
Phoenix (AZ)
Portland (OR)
Raleigh (NC)
Sacramento (CA)
San Antonio (TX)
San Diego (CA)
San Francisco (CA)


San Jose, (CA)
Seattle (WA)
Tucson (AZ)
Tulsa (OK)
Virginia Beach (VA)
Washington (DC)




 


Alabama (AL)
Alaska (AK)
Arizona (AZ)
Arkansas (AR)
California (CA)
Colorado (CO)
Connecticut (CT)
Delaware (DE)
Florida (FL)


Georgia (GA)
Hawaii (HI)
Idaho (ID)
Illinois (IL)
Indiana (IN)
Iowa (IA)
Kansas (KS)
Kentucky (KY)
Louisiana (LA)


Maine (ME)
Maryland (MD)
Massachusetts (MA)
Michigan (MI)
Minnesota (MN)
Mississippi (MS)
Missouri (MO)
Montana (MT)
Nebraska (NE)


Nevada (NV)
New Hampshire (NH)
New Jersey (NJ)
New Mexico (NM)
New York (NY)
North Carolina (NC)
North Dakota (ND)
Ohio (OH)
Oklahoma (OK)


Oregon (OR)
Pennsylvania (PA)
Rhode Island (RI)
South Carolina (SC)
South Dakota (SD)
Tennessee (TN)
Texas (TX)
Utah (UT)
Vermont (VT)


Virginia (VA)
Washington (WA)
West Virginia (WV)
Wisconsin (WI)
Wyoming (WY)





Business listings in Pompano Beach  

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z

Newly Added












Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter













 I want to contact Hubbiz


















