










































About Us



Administration


Alumni


Awards & Rankings


Diversity


In Memoriam


Media Coverage


News


Pro Bono & Community Service


Retired Partners


Sustainability Initiative


Women Enriching Business




Online Resources


Languages

中文     Deutsch EnglishEspañolFrançais日本語한국어Pусский




People Finder



Find a person by name or search via surname initial





Quick search


ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ






































 


Industries








		Latham & Watkins meets clients’ needs by understanding the industries in which they operate.  
	





IN THIS SECTION






Aerospace, Defense & Government Services


Automotive


Cleantech


Communications


Energy - Oil & Gas


Energy - Power


Entertainment, Sports & Media


Financial Institutions


FinTech


Healthcare Services & Providers






Hospitality, Gaming & Leisure


Industrials & Manufacturing


Information Technology – Systems & Solutions


Internet & Digital Media


Life Sciences


Mining & Metals


REITs


Retail & Consumer Products


Semiconductors





Go to Industries Section 







Practices








Activism


Africa Practice


Antitrust & Competition


Australia Practice


Banking


Benefits, Compensation & Employment


Capital Markets


CFIUS & US National Security


Communications Law






Complex Commercial Litigation


Corporate Governance


Creditors Rights & Bankruptcy Litigation


Derivatives


Emerging Companies


Entertainment, Sports & Media


Environment, Land & Resources


Export Controls, Economic Sanctions & Customs


Financial Regulatory






Government Contracts


Greater China Practice


Healthcare & Life Sciences


India Practice


Indonesia Practice


Information Law, Data Privacy & Cybersecurity


Insurance Coverage Litigation


Intellectual Property Litigation


International Arbitration






Investment Funds


Islamic Finance


Israel Practice


Korea Practice


Latin America Practice


Litigation & Trial Practice


Mergers & Acquisitions


Nordic Practice


Oil & Gas Transactions






Private Equity


Private Equity Finance


Product Liability, Mass Torts & Consumer Class Actions


Project Development & Finance


Public & Tax-Exempt Finance


Public Company Representation


Real Estate


Restructuring, Insolvency & Workouts


Securities Litigation & Professional Liability






Structured Finance


Supreme Court & Appellate


Tax


Technology Transactions


Turkey Practice


White Collar Defense & Investigations





Go to Practices Section







Knowledge Library








		Latham & Watkins provides first-class thought leadership across practices and industries, locally and globally.
	





IN THIS SECTION






Blogs


Book of Jargon® & Apps


Events


Presentations


Thought Leadership


Videos


Webcasts & Podcasts







VIDEO


WORD OF THE DAY® – Side-Car
Partner Dominic Newcomb explains the term Side-Car from the Book of Jargon® – European Capital Markets and Bank Finance.

view





UPCOMING EVENT


Social Entrepreneurship Legal Clinic
Offering an opportunity to discuss legal issues impacting social entrepreneurs.

Washington, D.C., USA

Read more



Go to Knowledge Library 







Global Directory








		Located in business centers across the globe, the lawyers of Latham & Watkins come from all regions of the world to practice within its fully integrated, one-firm structure.
	





IN THIS SECTION






Find Our People


Latham Around the World - Map View


Latham Around the World - List View








Our OfficesOur People









Join Us







Events







close x


January 2000



Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa





















































Home|Practices|Master Limited Partnerships|Columbia Pipeline Partners LP





MLP List


MLP 101


Raising Capital


M&A Activity


Material Agreements


Governance


Taxes


Latham Expertise


Resources


Yieldco List


Foreign Private Issuer List





Columbia Pipeline Partners LP




Columbia Pipeline Partners LP (NYSE: CPPL), headquarted in Houston, Texas, is a fee-based, growth-oriented limited partnership formed by NiSource Inc. (NYSE:NI) that is focused on owning, operating and developing a portfolio of pipelines, storage and related midstream assets. The company’s initial assets consist of a 14.6% limited partner interest in Columbia OpCo. Columbia OpCo owns approximately 15,000 miles of strategically located pipelines extending from New York to the Gulf of Mexico and one of the nation’s largest underground natural gas storage systems. 






                            November 01, 2016
                        
view
  




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP – Merger Agreement
                            





 







                            July 30, 2015
                        
view
  




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP – Second Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement
                            





 







                            February 11, 2015
                        
view
  




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP – Contribution Agreement
                            





 







                            February 11, 2015
                        
view
  




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP – Contribution Agreement
                            





 







                            February 11, 2015
                        
view
  




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP – Omnibus Agreement
                            





 







                            February 11, 2015
                        
view
  




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP – Services Agreement
                            





 







                            February 11, 2015
                        
view
  




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP – Tax Sharing Agreement
                            





 







                            February 05, 2015
                        
view
  




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP – Audit Committee Charter
                            





 







                            February 05, 2015
                        
view
  




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP – Code of Ethics
                            





 







                            February 05, 2015
                        
view
  




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP – Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
                            





 







                            February 05, 2015
                        
view
  




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP – Governance Guidelines
                            





 







                            February 05, 2015
                        
view
  




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP – IPO Prospectus
                            





 







                            December 05, 2014
                        
view
  




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP – Credit Agreement
                            





 




 






 


© 2017 Latham & Watkins

Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.

Attorney Advertising & Terms of Use|Mobile Site|Privacy and Cookies|Site Map

Hiring Scam Warning  |
                









Notice: We appreciate your interest in Latham & Watkins. If your inquiry relates to a legal matter and you are not already a current client of the firm, please do not transmit any confidential information to us. Before taking on a representation, we must determine whether we are in a position to assist you and agree on the terms and conditions of engagement with you. Until we have completed such steps, we will not be deemed to have a lawyer-client relationship with you, and will have no duty to keep confidential the information we receive from you. Thank you for your understanding.



Cancel
Accept







		We use cookies to make the experience of our website better. By using our website, your consent to the use of cookies is deemed to be given. To understand more about how we use cookies, please see our Privacy and Cookies Policy.
	















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










  P72 Stock Quote - Columbia Pipeline Partners LP - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Columbia Pipeline Partners LP   P72:GR      Acquired   P72:GR was acquired by TRP:CN   EUR             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (EUR)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   4.66%        Sector Energy   % Price Change +0.99%     Industry Energy   % Price Change +0.99%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Columbia Pipeline Partners LP is a fee-based, growth oriented partnership formed by NiSource to own, operate and develop a portfolio of pipelines, storage and related midstream assets. The Company owns and operates interstate natural gas pipelines from the Gulf Coast to the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and Northeast.    Address  5151 San Felipe StreetSuite 2500Houston, TX 77056United States   Phone  1-713-386-3701   Website   www.columbiapipelinegroup.com     Executives Board Members    Stanley G Chapman  President    Nathaniel A Brown "Nathan"  CFO/Controller    Shawn L Patterson  VP:Operations/COO    Bruce L Connery  VP:Investor Relations     Show More         








Columbia Pipeline Partners LP - NYSE:CPPL - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Columbia Pipeline Partners LP (CPPL)
Follow




                                    17.15
                                

0.35
2.08




                        NYSE : Basic Materials
                    

Feb 16, 2017 4:03 PM EST












Prev Close
  16.80


Open
17.00


Day Low/High

                                    16.95 /
                                    17.15


52 Wk Low/High

                                    12.35 /
                                    19.49
                                


Volume
4.93M


Avg Volume 
1.14M











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
100.65M


Market Cap
1.73B


EPS
0.70


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            186.67
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            0.79
                                            (4.60%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









Forget Kinder Morgan -- This MLP Is a Much Better Play






Columbia Pipeline Partners Expected To Be Removed From The Alerian Index Series













CPPL Ex-Dividend Reminder - 2/3/17
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 2/3/17, Columbia Pipeline Partners LP will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.1975, payable on 2/13/17. As a percentage of CPPL's recent stock price of $17.20, this dividend works out to approximately 1.15%, so look for shares of Columbia Pipeline Partners LP to trade 1.15% lower — all else being equal — when CPPL shares open for trading on 2/3/17.

Feb 1, 2017 10:44 AM EST













Jefferies' Bustling Energy Practice Is Killing It
The investment bank has come in as the 10th ranked adviser on The Deal's 2016 League Tables.

Jan 24, 2017 6:22 PM EST













TransCanada Raising About $7B As it Digests and Pays Off Columbia Pipeline Purchase
The pipeline operator is paring $3.7 billion in assets and offering $3.2 billion worth of shares to pay off the $13 billion price tag on its Columbia Pipeline Group acquisition.

Nov 2, 2016 11:42 AM EDT













TransCanada Offers to Buy Rest of Columbia Pipeline Partners for $848M
Analysts were disappointed by the $15.75 per share offer, which is only 2.9% more than CPPL's stock price last Friday and 31.5% below its IPO price last year.

Sep 26, 2016 3:40 PM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ALDW, CIFC, EVK, PANW, PZZA, TAIT
    
Downgrades:  AGI, BEP, CPPL, GIG, HAIN, NJR, RVP
    
Initiations:  LTEA, OLLI, OOMA, Z
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Sep 1, 2016 11:00 AM EDT













RSI Alert: Columbia Pipeline Partners (CPPL) Now Oversold
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Aug 8, 2016 4:26 PM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  CPPL, FRPH, LNCE, PRGS, YNDX
    
Downgrades:  BSQR, CAG, PMBC
    
Initiations:  None
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Jul 1, 2016 11:00 AM EDT













Columbia Pipeline Partners LP Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for CPPL
In trading on Tuesday, shares of Columbia Pipeline Partners LP crossed above their 200 day moving average of $14.82, changing hands as high as $15.00 per share. Columbia Pipeline Partners LP shares are currently trading up about 3% on the day.

Jun 28, 2016 4:24 PM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ACSF, BLMN, BSBR, CBPX, CCRN, CMA, CNCO, DGII, DVA, GNE, LTXB, NRCIB, NRZ, PRU, SE, SRI, SXL, TCP, VOYA, WGP, XOXO
    
Downgrades:  AGU, BKS, CEB, FLTX, HRTG, HSII, LUK, MSCC, PKOH, PZZA, TGI
    
Initiations:  CPPL, GDDY, KRNT
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

May 5, 2016 11:00 AM EDT













First Week of May 20th Options Trading For Columbia Pipeline Partners (CPPL)
Investors in Columbia Pipeline Partners LP saw new options begin trading this week, for the May 20th expiration. At Stock Options Channel, our YieldBoost formula has looked up and down the CPPL options chain for the new May 20th contracts and identified one put and one call contract of particular interest.

Mar 22, 2016 10:45 AM EDT













One Reason Why Columbia Pipeline Partners (CPPL) Stock Plunged Today
Columbia Pipeline Partners (CPPL) stock closed down on Friday after TransCanada (TRP) offered to buy Columbia Pipeline (CPGX) in a deal valued at $13 billion.

Mar 18, 2016 4:20 PM EDT













Relative Strength Alert For Columbia Pipeline Partners
The DividendRank formula at Dividend Channel ranks a coverage universe of thousands of dividend stocks, according to a proprietary formula designed to identify those stocks that combine two important characteristics — strong fundamentals and a valuation that looks inexpensive. Columbia Pipeline Partners LP presently has an above average rank, in the top 50% of the coverage universe, which suggests it is among the top most "interesting" ideas that merit further research by investors.

Feb 11, 2016 4:04 PM EST













Columbia Pipeline Partners is Now Oversold (CPPL)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Oct 26, 2015 4:29 PM EDT













Reminder - Columbia Pipeline Partners (CPPL) Goes Ex-Dividend Soon
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 8/11/15, Columbia Pipeline Partners LP will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.1675, payable on 8/20/15. As a percentage of CPPL's recent stock price of $21.42, this dividend works out to approximately 0.78%, so look for shares of Columbia Pipeline Partners LP to trade 0.78% lower — all else being equal — when CPPL shares open for trading on 8/11/15.

Aug 7, 2015 10:14 AM EDT













CPPL Stock Crowded With Sellers
In trading on Monday, shares of Columbia Pipeline Partners LP entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $23.11 per share. We define oversold territory using the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which is a technical analysis indicator used to measure momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Jul 20, 2015 3:52 PM EDT













Monday's Ex-Dividends To Watch: VKI, VMO, CPPL
VKI VMO CPPL are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, May 11, 2015

May 8, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













IPO Market 'Has Been a Lonely Place' but Pace Is Picking Up
Etsy and Virtu made a quite a splash with their Nasdaq debuts this week but is it enough to bring the U.S. IPO market out of its 2015 lull?

Apr 17, 2015 11:28 AM EDT













For Oil and Gas Firms, Selling Midstream Assets Solves Cash Crunch
A growing number of oil and gas explorers and producers are considering selling or spinning off their infrastructure facilities to live another day after the dramatic slide in oil prices.

Mar 13, 2015 9:49 AM EDT













Columbia Pipeline Partners (CPPL) Stock Soars on First Trading Day After IPO
Shares of Columbia Pipeline Partners (CPPL) surged in afternoon trading Friday, the company's first trading day after its IPO.

Feb 6, 2015 2:19 PM EST













This Energy IPO May Generate Strong Demand Despite Plunging Prices
It may look like an odd time for an IPO of an energy MLP, but demand for units of Columbia Pipeline Partners is expected to be strong.

Feb 5, 2015 10:27 AM EST





























From Our Partners



Buffett Grabs His Elephant Gun

SeekingAlpha



Icahn Boosts Herbalife Bet While Advising Trump

SeekingAlpha



Publicly Traded Merger Arbitrage Funds' Top 10 Holdings Q4 2016

SeekingAlpha



Heads, You Win; Tails, You Still Win

SeekingAlpha



Columbia Pipeline Partners LP (CPPL) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 03, 2017

NASDAQ



Columbia Pipeline declares $0.1975 dividend

SeekingAlpha



2 Retirement Income Opportunities Reconsidered

SeekingAlpha



Time To Rush For The Exit?

SeekingAlpha



8% Dividend On A Top Pick For 2017

SeekingAlpha



Bank Of America's Billion Dollar Bet

SeekingAlpha



What Happened In October: 3 Challenges For Dropdown MLPs And 3 Ways Their Parent Companies Are Helping

SeekingAlpha



TransCanada Goes All In With Columbia Pipeline Group

SeekingAlpha



MLPs Fall Back (Again)

SeekingAlpha



Columbia Pipeline Partners downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citi

The Fly



Coke In 3-Way Battle For Next Deal

SeekingAlpha


































 











Trending


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says


Reversal of Fortunes: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Thursday 7/27/17)


Amazon's Shock Earnings Show That It's Cashing In on Wall Street's Goodwill











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

































 



 Columbia Pipeline Partners LP Prices Initial Public Offering 
         










    











 






 











 









Columbia Pipeline Partners LP Prices Initial Public Offering

Feb 05, 2015, 16:34 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Columbia Pipeline Partners LP 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Columbia Pipeline Partners LP Prices Initial Public Offering    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Columbia Pipeline Partners LP Prices Initial Public Offering
 


 

 




 





 


HOUSTON, Feb. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Columbia Pipeline Partners LP (the "Partnership"), a NiSource Inc. (NYSE:   NI) company, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 46,811,398 common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership at $23.00 per common unit. The Partnership has also granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 7,021,709 common units. The common units are expected to begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on February 6, 2015 under the symbol "CPPL." The offering is expected to close on February 11, 2015, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 
Upon conclusion of the offering, the public will own an approximate 50% limited partner interest in the Partnership (or an approximate 53.5% limited partner interest if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional common units).  Columbia Energy Group will own the remaining approximate 50% limited partner interest in the Partnership (or an approximate 46.5% limited partner interest if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional common units), the general partner of the Partnership and the Partnership's incentive distribution rights.
Barclays and Citigroup are acting as joint book-running managers and structuring agents for the offering. BofA Merrill Lynch, Goldman, Sachs & Co., J.P Morgan, Morgan Stanley and Wells Fargo Securities are also acting as joint book-running managers. BNP PARIBAS, Credit Suisse, RBC Capital Markets, Fifth Third Securities, KeyBanc Capital Markets, MUFG, Mizuho Securities, Scotia Howard Weil and Huntington Investment Company are acting as co-managers for the offering.
A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and declared effective. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of, or any solicitation of an offer to buy, these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.
The offering of these securities is being made only by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. When available, a copy of the final prospectus may be obtained from:
Barclays Capital Inc.
c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions
1155 Long Island Avenue
Edgewood, New York 11717 
barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com 
Toll-Free: (888) 603-5847
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions
1155 Long Island Avenue
Edgewood, NY 11717  
prospectus@citi.com 
Toll-Free: (800) 831-9146
You may also obtain a copy of the final prospectus free of charge at the SEC's website, www.sec.gov, under the registrant's name "Columbia Pipeline Partners LP."
About Columbia Pipeline Partners
Columbia Pipeline Partners LP (CPPL) is a fee-based, growth-oriented master limited partnership based in Houston, Texas, formed to own, operate and develop a growing portfolio of natural gas pipelines, storage and related midstream assets. 
CPPL's business and operations are conducted through CPG OpCo LP, which owns and operates substantially all of the natural gas transmission, storage and midstream assets of Columbia Pipeline Group.  NI-F  
This release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of federal securities laws. Such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Partnership's control. All statements, other than historical facts included in this release, are forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. Although the Partnership believes that the plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. Therefore, actual outcomes and results could materially differ from what is expressed, implied or forecast in such statements.
The Partnership's business and any offering may be influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond the Partnership's control. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes to business plans as circumstances warrant. For a full discussion of these risks and uncertainties, please refer to the "Risk Factors" section of the Partnership's Registration Statement on Form S-1 and the information included in subsequent filings it makes with the SEC. The Partnership refers you to those discussions for further information.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150205/173866LOGO 


 SOURCE  Columbia Pipeline Partners LP  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Feb 11, 2015, 12:15 ET
Preview: Columbia Pipeline Partners LP Closes Initial Public Offering













Jan 26, 2015, 16:01 ET
Preview: Columbia Pipeline Partners LP Launches Initial Public Offering






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Columbia Pipeline Partners LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















columbia pipeline partners lp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Energy
Industry: Oil, Gas & Coal
Sub-Industry: Midstream - Oil & Gas
Columbia Pipeline Partners LP is a fee-based, growth oriented partnership formed by NiSource to own, operate and develop a portfolio of pipelines, storage and related midstream assets. The Company owns and operates interstate natural gas pipelines from the Gulf Coast to the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and Northeast.




Corporate Information
Address:

5151 San Felipe Street
Suite 2500
Houston, TX 77056
United States


Phone:
1-713-386-3701


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.columbiapipelinegroup.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


Kristine Delkus
Transcanada Corp








President
Company


Stanley Chapman
Columbia Pipeline Partners LP








Board Members
Company








Karl Johannson
Transcanada Corp






Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




Columbia Pipeline Partners LP Encourages Unitholders to Vote at Reconvened Special Meeting on February 16, 2017

Feb 13, 2017



Columbia Pipeline Partners LP Encourages Unitholders to Vote at Reconvened Special Meeting on February 16, 2017

Feb 13, 2017



Whetstone Capital Urges Columbia Pipeline Partners Unitholders to Vote against Merger with TransCanada Corporation

Feb 09, 2017



Columbia Pipeline Partners Expected to Be Removed from the Alerian Index Series

Feb 06, 2017






Key Executives


Stanley G Chapman III


President




Nathaniel A Brown "Nathan"


CFO/Controller




Shawn L Patterson


VP:Operations/COO




Bruce L Connery


VP:Investor Relations







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































 


Columbia Pipeline Partners LP - Oil & Gas Product News




































Close this window
Was this article useful?

Join our newsletter and get the latest headlines delivered to you weekly.






Sign Up






                        I'm already subscribed
                    

                        > Learn more
                    


























Companies


 Columbia Pipeline Partners LP
                















                        Columbia Pipeline Partners LP
                    

5151 San Felipe, Suite 2500
Houston, 
                                                                            TX
US, 
                                                                            77056



                                    Website:
                                    
                                        www.columbiapipelinepartners.com/
                                    








Share this:










 






        Related News






Tags


            Industry News
        




                                Columbia Pipeline Partners LP announces agreement to purchase its outstanding common units and declares quarterly distribution
            


            November 1, 2016
        






















Columbia Pipeline Partners LP has announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement and plan of merger with Columbia Pipeline Group, Inc. (Columbia) pursuant to which Columbia will acquire, for cash, all of the outstanding common units of the Partnership, at a price of US$ 17.00 per common unit for an aggregate transaction value of approximately US$915 million. Columbia is a wholly-owned subsidiary of TransCanada Corporation.

Read More

























Get our newsletter (it's Free)
Insight delivered weekly to your inbox

it's free!






Sign Up






> Learn more








                Popular News







                Popular News







                Popular News




















Columbia Pipeline Partners Master Limited Partnership Ticker CPPL Profile MLPdata


































































 

						AMZ Index   
						
  
														298.25													


						AMZ Net Change  
						
  
														-2.03						


						AMZ Net Change %   
						
  
														-0.68%						


						AMZ WTD   
						
																								0.02%						


						AMZ YTD   
						
																							-6.22%						


						As of Date   
						
															7/27/2017						







REGISTER   /   SIGN IN



ACCOUNT
	        		





Profile
Subscription
Sign out










a

















MLPData Login



Invalid Email or Password.  Please Try again.





Email

 
Password




Remember Me


LOGIN

Forgot Password?










 

Not Yet a Member?





REGISTER NOW







 







REGISTER







You have viewed 4 pages and Registration for free access is required.


Name

 
						
					
Email

 
						
					
Password

 
						
					
Confirm Password

 
						
					
I Am An

Please select
Professional Investor
Individual Investor
Other

REGISTER





							Yes, I want to receive the
							
							MLP Weekly Intelligence Report
						
We do not share your email addresses







Free Registration Benefits




							Access to Weekly MLP Intelligence Report
						





							Current and Historical Distributable Cash Flow Tables
						





							Current and Historical Coverage Ratios
						





							Current and Historical Maintenance Capex
						





							Forecasted Distribution Growth Rates
						





							Yield Spreads
						





							Valuation Metrics
						


Already Registered?
LOGIN NOW



 








MLP Data Sign up


Invalid Email or Password.  Please Try again.


Sign up for our Basic Membership orlearn more about our Premium Plans:



Basic Membership





*A minimum of 8 characters is required.



What is your occupation or job title?

Select
Professional Investor
Individual Investor
Service Provider
Other






Premium Plans
Premium Features

Distributable Cash Flow Composition
Valuation Metrics
Forecasted Distribution Growth
25 Custom Ticker Lists


Learn More

Premium+ Features

Excel RTD for Windows OS
Unlimited Custom Ticker Lists


Learn More






 







FORGOT PASSWORD






password123

Login Now »




  Enter your registered email to retrieve the password

Email Not found.


Email



Submit







Don’t have
			an account?
Register.
It’s FREE!

REGISTER NOW



 







CHANGE PASSWORD











Old password

New password

Confirm password

Submit







Don’t have
			an account?
Register.
It’s FREE!
REGISTER NOW



 







 
HOME
DASHBOARD
MLPs
FUNDS

PORTFOLIO
NEWS
INSIGHTS




SCORES







PLANS & PRICING








Go to  

Quote 
Chart 
Profile 
DCF Financials 
Distributions 
Valuation 
Forecast 
Unit Metrics 
Financing Cost 
Guidance 














CPPL
Columbia Pipeline Partners
















            	Natural Gas 
            





Midstream



        Limited Partner        




		                                Ownership Structure
		                            



Exchange Listing Date 
2/6/2015


Website


            	columbiapipelinepartners.com            	



 






               		olumbia Pipeline Group, Inc. and Columbia Pipeline Partners LP announce that at the reconvened special meeting of CPPL common unitholders held earlier today, February 16, 2017, CPPL unitholders voted to approve the previously announced merger of CPPL and a wholly owned subsidiary of CPG, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 1, 2016 (the "Merger Agreement"), between CPPL, CPG and certain other related parties thereto. Approximately 97.7% of the CPPL common units represented in person or by proxy at the special meeting of CPPL unitholders voted in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, which represented approximately 59.8% of CPPL's total outstanding common units as of January 4, 2017, the record date for the special meeting. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, CPG acquired all of CPPL's outstanding common units not already owned by CPG and its subsidiaries. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, CPPL unitholders are entitled to receive (i) $17.00 in cash without interest, plus (ii) an additional amount of cash without interest equal to the product of (x) the number of days from and including the first day of the quarter in which the closing of the merger occurs through and including the closing date of the merger multiplied by (y) $0.00217 (a daily distribution rate equal to the quotient of $0.1975 divided by 91). Accordingly, each CPPL unitholder is entitled to receive $17.10 per common unit held by such CPPL unitholder. The final allocation of merger consideration is currently expected to occur on or about February 17, 2017               



               Go to ENB







 











Stay Informed!
Sign up for our newsletter to stay informed with what has happened this month.













 















        	Sorry ! You are using a dated Browser which does not allow us to show you much of 
        	MLPData.com...please upgrade to any of the latest browsers by clicking the icons 
        	below and we hope to see you return to MLPData.
        






Chrome





Firefox





Safari





Internet Explorer



 




Search Symbol
  



  




You are looking for data on a ticker that is not a Master Limited Partnership. You can view the universe coverage on FIND MLPs page.

 Go to FIND MLPs Page » 







Search Again







                        Go to
                        


Quote 
Chart 
Profile 
DCF Financials 
Distributions 
Valuation 
Forecast 
Unit Metrics 
Financing Cost 
Guidance 























Add to My Lists








Add New / Existing List




























‹‹ Back to Website







                   We use over 20 data sources to bring you the most real time and accurate information
                   available on the Master Limited Partnership universe.  MLPDATA.com enables you to select,
                    analyze and monitor your investment decisions with the following features:
                








                        Select, Analyze and Monitor MLPs:
                    


Quote and Trade Data
Benchmark Bond Yields
Top 10 Performance, Market Cap, Liquidity Leaders and Laggards
Week to Date, Month to Data, and Year to Date Total Returns
Distributable Cash Flow Statements
Coverage Ratios
Distribution and Dividend Announcements
Annualized Yields
Distribution Growth Rates
Incentive Distribution Rights and Payout Levels
Index Performance Attribution
New Issuance Alerts
Industry Focused Breaking News and Articles
Valuation Metrics
Insider Transactions






                       Screen and Scan the MLP Universe to find Opportunities:
                    


Value Chains – Upstream, Midstream, Downstream
Commodity Exposure
Coverage Ratios
Distribution Growth Rates
Price and Total Return
Tax Treatment of Income
Incentive Distribution Rights




                       Analyze ETF, Close End and Mutual Fund Flows:
                    


Weekly Changes in Assets Under Management
Historical Fund Flows
Historical Dollar Traded Volumes




                       Screen and Monitor Funds:
                    


Quote and Trade Data
Product Fees
Week to Date, Month to Date, and Year to Date Total Returns
							Portfolio Monitor ETNs, ETFs, Open and Closed End Funds










Scans







Top Historical Distribution Coverage – 

        		Top ten units which have provided the highest distribution growth rates for the period selected vs the previous period.  
        		For example, One Year growth rate compares the cumulative distributions over the previous 4 quarters compared to the cumulative distributions from the 4 quarters previous the most recent 4 quarters
        	


Highest Payout Coverage –

				Top ten units which have the highest Distribution coverage ratios, which is the calculated as DCF/Actual Distributions.  
				The calculation uses the Trailing Twelve Month cumulative Distributable Cash Flow divided by the Trailing Twelve Month cumulative Actual Payments
			


Top Yield Increase – 

				Top ten units which had the greatest increase in yield change for the period selected.  
				The period selected compares the current yield against the yield for the prior date.  
				For example, the YTD selection would compare the current yield vs the yield as of the year end.
			


Top Yield Decrease – 

				 Top ten units which had the greatest decrease in yield change for the period selected.  
				 The period selected compares the current yield against the yield for the prior date.  
				 For example, the YTD selection would compare the current yield vs the yield as of the year end.
			


Top Forecasted Distribution Growth – 

				Top ten units which have the highest forecasted distribution growth rates as provided by the top tier Sell Side MLP Analysts.  
				When selected, Actual distribution compares the previous calendar year’s actual distributions against the forecasted distributions.  
				Annualized distribution compares the annualized Q4 distribution against the forecasted distributions.
			


Lowest GP Payouts – 

				  Top ten units with Incentive Distribution Rights which have the lowest prevailing General Partner payout rates.
			



 



Scores Glossary







 Outlook for Unit Performance

	        1 .  High Risk of Distribution Cut 
	        2 .  Distribution At Risk 
	        3 .  No Risk of Distribution Cut 
	        4 .  No Risk of Distribution Cut; Growth at Risk 
	        5 .  No Risk of Distribution Cut; Strong Growth 


 Annualized Yield: 

        		Latest Distribution multiplied by Distribution Frequency to provide expected 12 month distribution.
        		


Latest Qtr Avg Yield:  

				The Average Annualized Yield realized over the Quarter.
				


Latest YoY Growth Rate:   

				The growth rate of the most recent distribution rate compared to the period from one year prior.
			


3 Year Growth Rate: 

				 The forecasted Three Year Distribution growth rate, provided my Management or the mean forecast of a select 
				     group of analyst forecasts.
			


YoY DCF Coverage:   

				Most Recent Quarter compared to the Previous Year Quarter's Distributable Cash Flow Coverage Ratio, 
				which is    calculated as Distributable Cash Flow/Actual Distributions paid in that period
			


YoY CFFO:   

				  Most Recent Quarter compared to the Previous Year Quarter's Cash Flow From Operations. 
			



 





CORRECTION: Columbia Pipeline Partners LP and Columbia Pipeline Group, Inc. Announce Unitholder Approval and Effective Date of MergerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 3 hrs 46 minsS&P Futures2,464.75-7.25 (-0.29%)Dow Futures21,712.00-31.00 (-0.14%)Nasdaq Futures5,855.00-54.50 (-0.92%)CORRECTION: Columbia Pipeline Partners LP and Columbia Pipeline Group, Inc. Announce Unitholder Approval and Effective Date of MergerMarketwiredFebruary 16, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareHOUSTON, TEXAS--(Marketwired - Feb 16, 2017) -In the news release, "Columbia Pipeline Partners LP and Columbia Pipeline Group, Inc. Announce Unitholder Approval and Effective Date of Merger," issued earlier today by Columbia Pipeline Partners LP (CPPL), please be advised that the second sentence of the first paragraph should contain 97.7% and 59.8% in their respective places instead of blank placeholders as originally issued incorrectly by Marketwired. Complete corrected text follows.Columbia Pipeline Group, Inc. ("CPG") and Columbia Pipeline Partners LP (CPPL) ("CPPL") announce that at the reconvened special meeting of CPPL common unitholders held earlier today, February 16, 2017, CPPL unitholders voted to approve the previously announced merger of CPPL and a wholly owned subsidiary of CPG, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 1, 2016 (the "Merger Agreement"), between CPPL, CPG and certain other related parties thereto. Approximately 97.7% of the CPPL common units represented in person or by proxy at the special meeting of CPPL unitholders voted in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, which represented approximately 59.8% of CPPL's total outstanding common units as of January 4, 2017, the record date for the special meeting.Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, CPG acquired all of CPPL's outstanding common units not already owned by CPG and its subsidiaries. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, CPPL unitholders are entitled to receive (i) $17.00 in cash without interest, plus (ii) an additional amount of cash without interest equal to the product of (x) the number of days from and including the first day of the quarter in which the closing of the merger occurs through and including the closing date of the merger multiplied by (y) $0.00217 (a daily distribution rate equal to the quotient of $0.1975 divided by 91). Accordingly, each CPPL unitholder is entitled to receive $17.10 per common unit held by such CPPL unitholder. The final allocation of merger consideration is currently expected to occur on or about February 17, 2017.CPG and CPPL also announced today that all conditions required to complete the merger under the terms of the Merger Agreement have been satisfied and all necessary filings have been made for the transaction to take effect on February 17, 2017. CPPL common units will continue to trade on the NYSE on February 16, 2017 and will be suspended from trading on the NYSE effective as of the opening of trading on February 17, 2017. On February 17, 2017, CPPL will direct the NYSE to file a Form 25 on CPPL's behalf with the Securities and Exchange Commission to commence the process of delisting the common units of CPPL from the NYSE and deregistering such common units under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.About Columbia Pipeline Partners LPColumbia Pipeline Partners LP is a Delaware master limited partnership with interests in three regulated U.S. natural gas pipelines which serve markets extending from New York to the Gulf of Mexico, as well as storage and related midstream assets. CPPL's general partner became an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of TransCanada Corporation (TRP) on July 1, 2016, and as a result, CPPL is effectively managed by TransCanada. For more information about Columbia Pipeline Partners LP, visit CPPL's website at www.columbiapipelinepartners.com. Additional information can be found at www.transcanada.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of federal securities laws. All statements, other than historical facts included in this release, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein include statements related to the effects of the merger and the final allocation of the merger consideration. Such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond CPG's and CPPL's control. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. Although CPG and CPPL each believe that the plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. Therefore, actual outcomes and results could materially differ from what is expressed, implied or forecast in such statements.Read MoreCPG's and CPPL's business may be influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond CPG's and CPPL's control. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes to business plans as circumstances warrant. For a full discussion of these risks and uncertainties and other factors, please refer to CPG's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as amended, as updated and supplemented by subsequent filings with the SEC, and CPPL's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC, as updated and supplemented by subsequent filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements included in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by such cautionary statements. CPG and CPPL expressly disclaim any obligation to update, amend or clarify any forward looking statement to reflect events, new information or circumstances occurring after the date of this release except as required by applicable law.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceVirgin Atlantic founder Sir Richard Branson sells 31pc stake in airline for £220m as part of new tie-up with Air France-KLMThe TelegraphZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo FinanceMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredA PGA Tour pro explained what separates Jordan Spieth from fellow stars like Rory McIlroy and Dustin JohnsonBusiness InsiderAmazon wobble creates ripples across worldwide stock marketsReutersVerizon Q2 Revenue Flat as Wireless Unit Sales Decline 1.9% Despite Subcriber ReboundVariety"Women Need To Carry This Device With Them"Siren SongSponsoredAmazon could be the first trillion dollar company: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoRolls-Royce Motor CEO: We’re not in the auto business. We’re in the luxury business.Yahoo FinanceTrump Is Acting Suspicious Because He ‘May Be’ Innocent, Fox News SaysBen: I always hire a slew of lawyers when I haven't done anything so it makes perfect sense. 😂😂Join the Conversation1 / 5569








Columbia Pipeline Partners LP and Columbia Pipeline Group, Inc. Announce Unitholder Approval and Effective Date of MergerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 3 hrs 46 minsS&P Futures2,464.75-7.25 (-0.29%)Dow Futures21,712.00-31.00 (-0.14%)Nasdaq Futures5,855.00-54.50 (-0.92%)Columbia Pipeline Partners LP and Columbia Pipeline Group, Inc. Announce Unitholder Approval and Effective Date of MergerMarketwiredFebruary 16, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareHOUSTON, TEXAS--(Marketwired - Feb 16, 2017) - Columbia Pipeline Group, Inc. ("CPG") and Columbia Pipeline Partners LP (CPPL) ("CPPL") announce that at the reconvened special meeting of CPPL common unitholders held earlier today, February 16, 2017, CPPL unitholders voted to approve the previously announced merger of CPPL and a wholly owned subsidiary of CPG, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 1, 2016 (the "Merger Agreement"), between CPPL, CPG and certain other related parties thereto. Approximately [•]% of the CPPL common units represented in person or by proxy at the special meeting of CPPL unitholders voted in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, which represented approximately [•]% of CPPL's total outstanding common units as of January 4, 2017, the record date for the special meeting.Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, CPG acquired all of CPPL's outstanding common units not already owned by CPG and its subsidiaries. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, CPPL unitholders are entitled to receive (i) $17.00 in cash without interest, plus (ii) an additional amount of cash without interest equal to the product of (x) the number of days from and including the first day of the quarter in which the closing of the merger occurs through and including the closing date of the merger multiplied by (y) $0.00217 (a daily distribution rate equal to the quotient of $0.1975 divided by 91). Accordingly, each CPPL unitholder is entitled to receive $17.10 per common unit held by such CPPL unitholder. The final allocation of merger consideration is currently expected to occur on or about February 17, 2017.CPG and CPPL also announced today that all conditions required to complete the merger under the terms of the Merger Agreement have been satisfied and all necessary filings have been made for the transaction to take effect on February 17, 2017. CPPL common units will continue to trade on the NYSE on February 16, 2017 and will be suspended from trading on the NYSE effective as of the opening of trading on February 17, 2017. On February 17, 2017, CPPL will direct the NYSE to file a Form 25 on CPPL's behalf with the Securities and Exchange Commission to commence the process of delisting the common units of CPPL from the NYSE and deregistering such common units under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.About Columbia Pipeline Partners LPColumbia Pipeline Partners LP is a Delaware master limited partnership with interests in three regulated U.S. natural gas pipelines which serve markets extending from New York to the Gulf of Mexico, as well as storage and related midstream assets. CPPL's general partner became an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of TransCanada Corporation (TRP) on July 1, 2016, and as a result, CPPL is effectively managed by TransCanada. For more information about Columbia Pipeline Partners LP, visit CPPL's website at www.columbiapipelinepartners.com. Additional information can be found at www.transcanada.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of federal securities laws. All statements, other than historical facts included in this release, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein include statements related to the effects of the merger and the final allocation of the merger consideration. Such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond CPG's and CPPL's control. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. Although CPG and CPPL each believe that the plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. Therefore, actual outcomes and results could materially differ from what is expressed, implied or forecast in such statements.CPG's and CPPL's business may be influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond CPG's and CPPL's control. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes to business plans as circumstances warrant. For a full discussion of these risks and uncertainties and other factors, please refer to CPG's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as amended, as updated and supplemented by subsequent filings with the SEC, and CPPL's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC, as updated and supplemented by subsequent filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements included in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by such cautionary statements. CPG and CPPL expressly disclaim any obligation to update, amend or clarify any forward looking statement to reflect events, new information or circumstances occurring after the date of this release except as required by applicable law.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceVirgin Atlantic founder Sir Richard Branson sells 31pc stake in airline for £220m as part of new tie-up with Air France-KLMThe TelegraphZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo FinanceMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredA PGA Tour pro explained what separates Jordan Spieth from fellow stars like Rory McIlroy and Dustin JohnsonBusiness InsiderAmazon wobble creates ripples across worldwide stock marketsReutersVerizon Q2 Revenue Flat as Wireless Unit Sales Decline 1.9% Despite Subcriber ReboundVariety"Women Need To Carry This Device With Them"Siren SongSponsoredAmazon could be the first trillion dollar company: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoRolls-Royce Motor CEO: We’re not in the auto business. We’re in the luxury business.Yahoo FinanceTrump Is Acting Suspicious Because He ‘May Be’ Innocent, Fox News SaysBen: I always hire a slew of lawyers when I haven't done anything so it makes perfect sense. 😂😂Join the Conversation1 / 5569








