



      Welcome to Community Trust and Investment Company 
    












    Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.

Skip to main content















Search













 Log In



  
Select Account
Select Account

Personal Internet Banking
Business Internet Banking
Retirement Accounts 
Brokerage Accounts
Wealth & Trust 



GO

Enroll | Demo 



GO

Demo



GO


GO

Enroll



GO










I am sorry, an error has occurred.





Symbol
Price
Change







Add a Stock






Add a Stock
×



Symbol or Name

Find


Company


Add



No results were found. Try again.


This stock is already in the list.









































Discover






                        About CTIC
                      






                        Hours & Locations
                      






                        Contact Us
                      






                        CTIC Investment Approach
                      






                        eNewsletter Sign-Up
                      








RETIREMENT PLANS 

 Local Individual and Institutional Plans 

One of the first steps in financially securing your future is to establish a retirement plan. We believe you should spend your time doing what makes you successful, and we'll help you plan for your next phase - retirement.


Learn More





 
TRUST.

 Our company was founded on it. 


We are Community Trust and Investment Company, an integral part of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc., Over the years, our progressive strategy and meticulous methods have resulted in dynamic performance for our clients.

Discover the Difference
















Retirement Plans › Community Trust and Investment Company











    Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.

Skip to main content















Search













Home >
CTIC/Retirement Services

Retirement Plans

Our Wealth and Trust Management (WTM) team offers several retirement plan options:

401(K) Plans
401(k) Plans are the most popular retirement plan offered today. This plan enables employees to save for retirement by making pre-tax or Roth contributions from their salary. Employers may also deposit various types of contributions to aid in their employees’ retirement. These plans may offer participants a variety of diverse mutual funds or may be managed by our professional Wealth and Trust Management investment staff.

Profit Sharing Plans
WTM's profit sharing plans satisfy employers' goals that desire to provide retirement savings for their employees while still maintaining a great deal of flexibility in the levels of contributions. Typically, these plans consist of only employer-provided contributions.
 
Defined Benefit Plans
WTM's defined benefit plans typically provide a monthly benefit to employees during retirement years based upon a fixed formula in the plan. Employees do not contribute to this type of plan, and the employer contributions are mandatory.

Money Purchase Plans 
WTM's money purchase plans satisfy employers' goals that desire to provide retirement savings for their employees and are comfortable committing to a fixed level of contributions annually. Typically, these plans consist of only employer-provided contributions. 
 




Select one

Log in to Online Services 
Personal Internet Banking
Business Internet Banking
Retirement Accounts 
Brokerage Accounts
Wealth & Trust 

Go
Go
GO



ESTATE PLANNING
As they say, you can't take it with you - but unless you do some planning you may not be able to leave it behind, either. 
LEARN MORE




WTM INVESTMENT PHILOSOPHY
WTM offers disciplined investment management that is consistent with client objectives. We would welcome the opportunity to help you build an investment strategy. 
LEARN MORE













WTM Community Relations › Community Trust and Investment Company











    Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.

Skip to main content















Search













Home >
CTIC/About Us

WTM Community Relations

Community Trust and Investment Company’s Wealth and Trust Management team strongly supports our banks motto “Building Communities Built on Trust”. We believe in supporting our communities and engaging in the lives of those we serve. WTM values our investment in the community through charitable contributions as well as team members who serve in several community organizations and outreach programs.




Select one

Log in to Online Services 
Personal Internet Banking
Business Internet Banking
Retirement Accounts 
Brokerage Accounts
Wealth & Trust 

Go
Go
GO


 MEET CTICCTIC is comprised of two business units: Wealth and Trust Management (WTM) and Community Trust Financial Services (which we refer to as Financial Services or CTFS).LEARN MORE


MEET OUR TRUST & ESTATE SERVICES TEAMOur Wealth and Trust Management team offer personalized Trust & Estate Services and we look forward to building long term relationships with our clients.LEARN MORE














      Investment Management Accounts 
    











    Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.

Skip to main content















Search













Home >
CTIC/Investment Management

Individual IMA Accounts

                  CTIC offers disciplined investment management that is consistent with client objectives. Our Wealth and Trust Management team ensures this consistency through active portfolio management with a preference for individual securities. The client has online access to his/her account information, which is updated daily. With every Investment Management Account (IMA) there is a portfolio manager and administrative officer that will conduct regular meetings with clients to review account activity, performance and to confirm that the objectives are being met.    Active Asset Allocation   Disciplined Opportunistic Investing   Taxable & Tax-Advantaged       Representative Clients      Individuals   Business Retirement Plans   Institutions      Non-profits      Quasi-Government Organizations    Churches    Municipalities    Foundations   




Select one

Log in to Online Services 
Personal Internet Banking
Business Internet Banking
Retirement Accounts 
Brokerage Accounts
Wealth & Trust 

Go
Go
GO


﻿RETIREMENT PLANSWe are a local provider of retirement plans to employers of all sizes. WTM offers Defined Benefit Plans as well as Defined Contribution Plans including 401K, Profit Sharing and Money Purchase Plans. GET STARTED


TRUST ADMINISTRATIONOur Wealth & Trust Management team is your professional trustee - securing your legacy through prudent investments and responsible administration. LEARN MORE














      Community Trust and Investment Company's Updates
    











    Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.

Skip to main content















Search













Home >
CTIC/Resources

CTIC Updates

WILL G. DAVIS JOINS COMMUNITY TRUST AND INVESTMENT COMPANY'S WEALTH AND TRUST MANAGEMENT TEAM AS ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT, RETIREMENT/INSTITUTIONAL SERVICES

APRIL 17, 2017


LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY:  Andy D. Waters, President and CEO of Community Trust and Investment Company (CTIC), is pleased to announce that Will G. Davis has joined CTIC’s Wealth and Trust Management team as Assistant Vice President, Relationship Officer for Retirement/Institutional Services.
As a key member of Retirement/Institutional Services, Mr. Davis’ responsibilities include overseeing client relationships as well as the administration of institutional and retirement accounts.  His office is located at 100 East Vine Street in downtown Lexington, Kentucky.
Will earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting (B.B.A.) and Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) from Morehead State University in Morehead, Kentucky.  Will also holds the following designations: Certified Financial Planner (CFP®), Qualified Plan Financial Consultant (QPFC) and Accredited Investment Fiduciary (AIF®). 
Will is a member of the Financial Planning Association and the National Association of Plan Advisors.  He resides in Danville, Kentucky.



ANDY D. WATERS, PRESIDENT AND CEO OF COMMUNITY TRUST AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, FEATURED IN THE LANE REPORT

MARCH 14, 2017

In the March edition of The Lane Report, Kentucky wealth management professionals offered their opinions on this year's economic outlook. Waters said, "We are calling 2017 the year of high expectations. The market appears to be discounting a significant amount of the pro-growth policies that the new administration has promised. We remain confident that an overweight position in equities is appropriate and see high mid-single-digit returns for the year. We continue to prefer financials as we see them as the primary beneficiaries of rate hikes and stronger GDP growth. However, we do not believe the Fed will implement all three rate hikes in 2017 because of the high level of global debt and its impact on the administration’s ability to provide fiscal stimulus. We continue to favor municipal bonds since municipalities benefit from a stronger housing market and healthy economy.”

To see the full article featuring Andy D. Waters, click here.COPYRIGHT 2017 THE LANE REPORT. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.


ANDY D. WATERS, PRESIDENT AND CEO, AND R. TRACY OSBORNE, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, FEATURED IN TOPS IN LEX

FEBRUARY 2017

Andy D. Waters, President and CEO, and R. Tracy Osborne, Senior Vice President, were featured in the February issue of TOPS in Lexington! "The Money Issue" features local financial professionals.

To see the full article, click here.COPYRIGHT 2017 TOPS IN LEXINGTON. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.


KELLAN CLARK PROMOTED TO ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT

FEBRUARY 2017

Kellan Clark was recently promoted to Assistant Vice President. Kellan joined Community Trust Wealth & Trust Management in 2012 and serves as a Relationship Officer for many of our clients.
To learn more about Kellan, click here.




Select one

Log in to Online Services 
Personal Internet Banking
Business Internet Banking
Retirement Accounts 
Brokerage Accounts
Wealth & Trust 

Go
Go
GO



TRUST ADMINISTRATION
Our Wealth and Trust Management team is your professional trustee - securing your legacy through prudent investments and responsible administration. 
LEARN MORE





FINANCIAL WELLNESS
Having a plan for your future business only makes sense. Contact our Wealth and Trust Management team today at 1.800.724.7974.
CONTACT US











 JavaScript is not enabled.


	Community Trust & Invstmnt Co - 1 Reviews - 100 E Vine St Ste 501, Lexington, KY - Banks & Financial Trust Services Reviews - Phone (859) 389-5300














































Judy's Book



near







Sign in




                    Owners
                


Help
























Community Trust & Invstmnt Co


                            Claim
                        







 5.0 















1                                            
                                            reviews
                                    


                                            Write review
                                        




            TrustScore®
            

            High
        






                            id: 29575345
                        







                                        100 E Vine St Ste 501
                                    

Lexington,
                                        KY
40507






                                    (859) 389-5300
                                



Incorrect info? Correct your
                                    listing












Business Links:
Citysearch Profile



Main categories:
Investment Services
                                ,
                                    Banks & Financial Trust Services



Related categories:
Legal & Financial
                                    ,
                                        Financial Services
                                    ,
                                        Trust Companies









Photos















Reviews



















( 
                1
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            






Best












Awesome


                                Community Trust Bank was extremely helpful and answered my many questions very well. This experience made me thankful for doing business with them.
                            




Worst


All reviews seem positive










Judy's Book (1)


Other sources (0)



                                    Write review
                                









Awesome
10/25/2016













5

Guest


                        Community Trust Bank was extremely helpful and answered my many questions very well. This experience made me thankful for doing business with them.
                        more



Reply |
                        

Report abuse


                            | 








 < Previous  1  Next > 
















        SUMMER DISCOUNT :
    

15% OFF all yearly plans


    Use YEAR15 at checkout. Expires 7/30/2017
    





Pin It




Owner Message



Yes, Star, NYCE Network
                            


































ABOUT
Help
About Us
Blog
Privacy Policy - Terms of Use




OUR SERVICES
Business Owners
Learning Center
Partners & Publishers
Advertise with us
Negotiated Perks
KidScore™




MY ACCOUNT
Sign In
Write A Review



























From family friendly trips with kid friendly activities to local plumbers lawyers, spas, and contractors.  Judy’s Book has millions of listings and reviews for the best and not so great.  Whether you’re looking for a specific business or just trying to discover great places we make it easy.  We’re a family oriented site focusing on bringing trusted reviews and recommendations to moms and others.   Green and Sustainable places are becoming more relevant to Judy’s Book users, have a favorite place?  Write a review and tell users why it’s Green!




EXPLORE BY CATEGORY

                    Automotive


                            Car Dealers

                            Towing

                            Mechanics



                    Business to Business


                            Manufacturing

                            Business Services



                    Civic & Community 


                            Libraries



                    Education & Instruction 


                            Elementary Schools

                            Colleges & Universities



                    Entertainment & Arts 


                            Museums & Galleries



                    Food & Dining 


                            Coffee Shops

                            Bakeries

                            Restaurants



                    Health & Medical 


                            Chiropractors

                            Dentists

                            Veterinarians







                    Other Professional Services

                    Animals & Pets

                    Legal & Financial 


                            Lawyers, Law Firms & Attorneys

                            Mortgages & Loans



                    Home & Garden 


                            Electricians

                            Plumbers

                            Windows & Doors



                    Personal Care 


                            Salons

                            Spas

                            Massage



                    Real Estate 

                    Retail Shopping 


                            Apparel



                    Sports & Recreation 

                    Travel & Transportation 


                            Hotels & Lodging

                            Movers



                    More...




ALL LOCATIONS

                    Atlanta, GA Reviews 
Austin,
                    TX Reviews 
Boston,
                    MA Reviews 
Chicago,
                    IL Reviews 

                    Cincinnati, OH Reviews 
Dallas,
                    TX Reviews 

                    Houston, TX Reviews 

                    Los Angeles, CA Reviews 

                    Minneapolis, MN Reviews 
New
                    York, NY Reviews 

                    Philadelphia, PA Reviews 

                    San Francisco, CA Reviews 
Seattle,
                    WA Reviews 
More...















Community Trust & Investment Co                                                                                          - Crawfordsville                                    , IN         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IN



Crawfordsville



Nondeposit Trust Facilities



Nondeposit Trust Facilities



                            Community Trust & Investment Co
                                    



 





















C 


Community Trust & Investment Co                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



119 E MAIN ST CRAWFORDSVILLE, IN 47933
Get Directions



(765) 362-7881
 





Business Info



 Founded 1993
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,020,166.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Nondeposit Trust Facilities
 Contacts Randy Pattison                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Community Trust & Investment Co                                                                                          is located at 119 E Main St in Crawfordsville and has been in the business of Nondeposit Trust Facilities since 1993. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Community Trust & Investment Co: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























community trust & investment co
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Community Trust and Investment Company (CTIC) operates as an investment management company. The Company offers wealth management, retirement solution, endowments, estate administration, financial planning, and advisory services. CTIC serves customers in the States of Kentucky, West Virginia, and Tennessee.




Corporate Information
Address:

100 East Vine Street
Suite 501
Lexington, KY 40507
United States


Phone:
1-859-389-5350


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.ctbi.com





Board Members




Vice President
Company


Mark Gooch
Community Trust Bank Inc/Pikeville KY








President/CEO
Company


Andy Waters
Community Trust & Investment Co








Board Members
Company


Krishna Malempati
Omni Ventures Inc


Crit Luallen
Commonwealth of Kentucky


E Lowman
Cardinal Asset Management Ltd


























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Community Trust and Investment Company: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 3:16 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Community Trust and Investment Company



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Community Trust and Investment Company is a privately owned investment manager. The firm also provides trust, estate, and fiduciary services to its clients. It provides its services to individuals and institutional investors. The firm manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm employs a fundamental analysis to create its portfolios. It uses external research to make its investments. The firm is based in Lexington, Kentucky with additional offices in Pikeville, Kentucky; Middlesboro, Kentucky; Versailles, Kentucky; and Ashland, Kentucky. Community Trust and Investment Company opera...
Community Trust and Investment Company is a privately owned investment manager. The firm also provides trust, estate, and fiduciary services to its clients. It provides its services to individuals and institutional investors. The firm manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm employs a fundamental analysis to create its portfolios. It uses external research to make its investments. The firm is based in Lexington, Kentucky with additional offices in Pikeville, Kentucky; Middlesboro, Kentucky; Versailles, Kentucky; and Ashland, Kentucky. Community Trust and Investment Company operates as a subsidiary of Community Trust Bancorp Inc.
Detailed Description


100 East Vine StreetSuite 501Lexington, KY 40507United States



Phone: 859-389-5300

www.ctbi.com/ctic/about-us/ctic-team







Key Executives for Community Trust and Investment Company




Mr. Andy D. Waters


      	President and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 51
        







Ms. Sandra K. Payne


      	Senior Vice President of Operations and Compliance Manager
      








Ms. Brenda H. Brammer


      	Senior Vice President and Retirement Services Manager
      








Ms. Catherine H. Lee


      	Senior Vice President and Investment Manager
      








Mr. David W. Sever


      	Senior Vice President and Community Trust Financial Services Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Community Trust and Investment Company Key Developments

Community Trust and Investment Co. Promotes Barrett Coleman to Vice President, Portfolio Manager
Nov 2 15
Community Trust and Investment Co. announced that Barrett Coleman has been promoted to vice president, portfolio manager with the wealth and trust management division.


Community Trust and Investment Co. Appoints Matthew R. Galbraith as Vice President of Wealth and Trust Management Team
Sep 7 15
Community Trust and Investment Co. announced that Matthew R. Galbraith has joined the wealth and trust management team as vice president, investment.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Community Trust and Investment Company, please visit www.ctbi.com/ctic/about-us/ctic-team.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Community Trust and Investment Company › Community Trust and Investment Company











    Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.

Skip to main content















Search













Home >
CTIC/About Us

Community Trust and Investment Company

MEET COMMUNITY TRUST AND INVESTMENT COMPANY 
We are Community Trust and Investment Company (CTIC), headquartered in Lexington, KY. Our President and CEO is Andy D. Waters. We are one of the largest independent trust companies in Kentucky with assets under management of over $2.2 billion and total assets of $2.6 billion. 
We are a subsidiary of Community Trust Bancorp Inc., which traces its roots back to 1903, its trust powers back to 1936, and its brokerage services back to 1998. Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. (CTBI) is an independent, Kentucky-based bank holding company and is headquartered in Pikeville, Kentucky. Community Trust owns a well-earned reputation for honesty and integrity. Clients have trusted our parent company with their financial affairs for over a century, and CTIC continues that tradition. 


CTIC is comprised of two business units, Wealth and Trust Management (WTM) and Community Trust Financial Services (CTFS). 

 
Learn more about our Community Trust and Investment Company Staff


CTIC Management
 Wealth and Trust Management  
 Financial Services (CTFS)  


Click here to learn more about Community Trust and Investment Company's services.




Select one

Log in to Online Services 
Personal Internet Banking
Business Internet Banking
Retirement Accounts 
Brokerage Accounts
Wealth & Trust 

Go
Go
GO



INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
Our Wealth and Trust Management team creates investment plans that are tailored to meet your investment needs. 
LEARN MORE



TRUST ADMINISTRATION
Our Wealth & Trust Management team is your professional trustee - securing your legacy through prudent investments and responsible administration. 
LEARN MORE










• Community Trust And Investment Co • Lexington • Kentucky •                      USA   Lexington  LoginRegisterLogin with Facebook        C Community Trust And Investment Co    Not evaluated yet  Evaluate     100 E Vine St Ste 501, Lexington, Kentucky, 40507-1441    About Us How to get     COMMUNITY TRUST AND INVESTMENT CO | Lexington  |  Add to My list Added        Companies  Products      Search companies…  







  Edit Community Trust And Investment Co    100 E Vine St Ste 501, 40507-1441   Lexington, Kentucky  How to get    Estate Planning       







  Top Businesses         Dedicated Dog Training       Chicago Criminal Defense & Personal Injury Attorney Sal Sheikh       Pittsburgh SEO Magician       Evolution Hearing       The Stewart Law Firm, PLLC   







   Evaluations of Community Trust And Investment Co:        To evaluate this company please Login or Register    Statistics:3times viewed4times listed   Keywords: Estate Planning, Estate Planning Lexington Community Trust And Investment Co - Lexington - Kentucky    100 E Vine St Ste 501, 40507-1441Show on map   How to get   







id0310003049637 Related Content for: Community Trust And Investment Co    Community Trust and Investment Company - Central Kentucky Community Trust and Investment Company (CTIC), an integral part of Community Trust Bancorp Incorporated, which traces its roots back to 1903.      Historic Tax Credits and more - National Trust Community ... The National Trust Community Investment Corporation (NTCIC) makes equity investments in projects that qualify for Federal and state historic tax credits, …      Southern Community Bank and Trust: Personal and Business … Southern Community Bank and Trust offers a full range of personal and business financial services delivered with an exceptional level of personal attention. We are ...      Investment trust - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia An investment trust is a form of collective investment found mostly in the United Kingdom. Investment trusts are closed-end funds and are constituted as public ...      Welcome | Community First Trust Company C ommunity First Trust Company is passionate about the trust business. This is all we do and serving our clients is what we strive to do best. We have seven locations ...      Co-op helps community investment projects to top of the tree ... Sep 07, 2012 · Co-op helps community investment projects to top of the tree. A new fund is offering co-operative enterprises £50,000, while it is estimated savers can ...      Community land trust - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia A community land trust is a nonprofit corporation that develops and stewards affordable housing, community gardens, civic buildings, commercial spaces and other ...      Rockland Trust - Online Bank MA Mobile Bank of Massachusetts ... Rockland Trust - Massachusetts Community Savings Bank and Online Bank in MA providing a full range of personal, business and Mobile Banking products and services …      Community Bank & Trust Co in Clarks Summit, PA | 125 N State … Community Bank & Trust Co in Clarks Summit, PA -- Map, Phone Number, Reviews, Photos and Video Profile for Clarks Summit Community Bank & Trust Co. Community …      Frandsen Bank & Trust Welcome to Frandsen Bank & Trust. ... Frandsen Bank & Trust: Your Bridge to Financial Success for Life. Frandsen Bank & Trust helps individuals and businesses build ...      The New York Community Trust - About The Trust - Our staff A directory and biographies of our staff. ... Overview; Create Your Own Philanthropic Legacy; Why Donors Choose The Trust      Midwest Bank Free Online Bill Pay! With our Free Online Bill Pay, schedule your payments and let us do the rest. ...Learn More»      Pan-Jamaican Investment Trust Limited Pan Jamaican increases shares in Sagicor Life Jamaica. Sagicor Financial Corporations sells 8% interest in Sagicor Life Jamaica to Pan Jamaican Investment Trust.      Citizens Bank & Trust Co. — Your Hometown Bank Since 1886 Your Hometown Bank Since 1886 ... Downtown Office 102 Main St South PO Box 339 Hutchinson, MN 55350 Phone: 320-587-2233      Online Trading and Online Investing | Scottrade | Stocks, IRAs and ... $7 online trades, no maintenance fees, and no inactivity fees for easy online trading and online investing. Invest with Scottrade® today to access robust trading ...      Pueblo Community College - Pueblo, CO - College/University | … Pueblo Community College, Pueblo, CO. 2,932 likes · 94 talking about this · 3,586 were here.      Central Vermont Community Land Trust - Building Homes. … The River Station Apartments are located within walking distance of the Winooski River and the popular Hungry Mountain Co-Op. Located at 191 Barre Street, the River ...      Professionals | Community First Trust Company William L. Kerst, Jr., CPA - President & CEO, Little Rock, Hot Springs. Bill earned his Bachelors of Science in Accounting from Arkansas Tech University in 1984 and ...      Decorah Bank & Trust | Banking Services Decorah Iowa “We love dealing with people we know. Were not numbers. Its great to feel part of the community. Thanks!”      Tower Bank Tower Bank: A locally owned bank in Fort Wayne, Indiana, offering personal banking, business services, online banking, trust and investment services, and outstanding ...      Leading Alternative Investment Custodian, Self Directed IRAs ... Leading Alternative Investment Custodian, Self Directed IRAs, Precious Metals, and more      Bryn Mawr Trust :: Business Banking, Personal Banking, Wealth ... Get Free Insurance Quotes. For auto, home or renters insurance. Fast. Easy.      First Columbia Bank & Trust Co. Investor Relations . CCFNB Bancorp. Inc. CCFNB Bancorp, Inc. is a registered financial holding company, headquartered in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania.      The Trust Company of Toledo Trust is Everything. The Trust Company is reinstating the tenets under which old-line financial institutions once conducted business: recognize community ...     Community Trust And Investment Co100 E Vine St Ste 50140507-1441LexingtonKentucky     About TuugoToSPrivacy PolicyFAQMobileTranslate TuugoSite MapBlog0.0795750617980964Copyright 2009 - 2017 Tuugo  


    Companies in Lexington Kentucky USA               Companies in Lexington Kentucky USA LoginRegisterLogin with Facebook www.tuugo.us    Companies  Products      Hotels, New York    Search in: Lexington           CompaniesProducts +Publish for free Promote your Ad   Home   Kentucky 














Alabama
(187,128)


Alaska
(69,639)


American Samoa
(20)


Arizona
(106,505)


Arkansas
(99,154)


California
(4,151)


Colorado
(54,953)


Connecticut
(25,389)


D.C.
(400)


Delaware
(7,461)


Federated States Of Micronesia
(26)


Florida
(141,033)


Georgia
(65,932)


Guam
(40)


Hawaii
(11,218)


Idaho
(10,735)


Illinois
(4,883)


Indiana
(30,205)


Iowa
(14,809)


Kansas
(16,893)


Kentucky
(20,091)


Louisiana
(29,007)


Maine
(5,183)


Marshall Islands
(5)


Maryland
(29,347)


Massachusetts
(48,079)


Michigan
(46,188)


Minnesota
(31,853)


Mississippi
(11,581)


Missouri
(35,383)


Montana
(6,710)


Nebraska
(11,773)


Nevada
(24,006)


New Hampshire
(7,337)


New Jersey
(59,334)


New Mexico
(10,947)


New York
(117,593)


North Carolina
(46,515)


North Dakota
(3,418)


Northern Mariana Islands
(7)


Ohio
(62,657)


Oklahoma
(21,815)


Oregon
(24,159)


Palau
(8)


Pennsylvania
(70,880)


Puerto Rico
(86)


Rhode Island
(6,792)


South Carolina
(23,290)


South Dakota
(4,515)


Tennessee
(31,645)


Texas
(165,960)


Utah
(15,676)


Vermont
(3,124)


Virgin Islands
(52)


Virginia
(39,120)


Washington
(67,029)


West Virginia
(4,699)


Wisconsin
(32,686)


Wyoming
(3,350)




   Lexington 














Albany
(20)


Alexandria
(38)


Alvaton
(12)


Ashland
(237)


Auburn
(16)


Barbourville
(15)


Bardstown
(83)


Beaver Dam
(11)


Bellevue
(18)


Benton
(44)


Berea
(57)


Boone
(18)


Bowling Green
(507)


Brandenburg
(55)


Brooks
(12)


Brownsville
(11)


Burkesville
(15)


Burlington
(52)


Cadiz
(19)


Calvert City
(13)


Campbellsville
(55)


Campton
(14)


Carlisle
(10)


Carrollton
(22)


Catlettsburg
(16)


Cave City
(21)


Central City
(11)


Cold Spring
(29)


Columbia
(52)


Corbin
(98)


Covington
(169)


Coxs Creek
(10)


Crescent Springs
(26)


Crestview Hills
(16)


Crestwood
(42)


Cumberland
(31)


Cynthiana
(24)


Danville
(85)


Dayton
(13)


Dry Ridge
(14)


Edgewood
(42)


Edmonton
(14)


Elizabethtown
(245)


Elkhorn City
(10)


Elsmere
(23)


Eminence
(20)


Erlanger
(84)


Falmouth
(12)


Fayette
(694)


Flatwoods
(29)


Flemingsburg
(30)


Florence
(227)


Fort Knox
(25)


Fort Mitchell
(63)


Fort Thomas
(42)


Fort Wright
(13)


Frankfort
(120)


Franklin
(44)


Fulton
(13)


Georgetown
(127)


Glasgow
(147)


Goshen
(11)


Grayson
(52)


Greensburg
(20)


Greenup
(23)


Greenville
(14)


Hardinsburg
(25)


Harlan
(30)


Harrodsburg
(29)


Hazard
(54)


Hebron
(39)


Henderson
(156)


Highland Heights
(22)


Hindman
(12)


Hodgenville
(21)


Hopkinsville
(162)


Horse Cave
(18)


Independence
(29)


Irvine
(21)


Jackson
(15)


Jamestown
(14)


Jeffersontown
(24)


La Grange
(55)


Lancaster
(12)


Lawrenceburg
(31)


Lebanon
(27)


Leitchfield
(49)


Lexington
(3,647)


Liberty
(19)


London
(118)


Louisa
(18)


Louisville
(6,452)


Lousiville
(13)


Madisonville
(84)


Manchester
(14)


Mayfield
(76)


Maysville
(40)


Middlesborough
(45)


Monticello
(26)


Morehead
(70)


Morganfield
(15)


Morgantown
(27)


Mount Sterling
(66)


Mount Vernon
(24)


Mount Washington
(47)


Munfordville
(15)


Murray
(84)


Newport
(133)


Nicholasville
(168)


Olive Hill
(19)


Owensboro
(277)


Owingsville
(11)


Paducah
(271)


Paintsville
(29)


Paris
(24)


Pewee Valley
(11)


Pikeville
(133)


Prestonsburg
(58)


Princeton
(23)


Prospect
(74)


Radcliff
(142)


Richmond
(172)


Russell
(14)


Russell Springs
(37)


Russellville
(58)


Salyersville
(25)


Sandy Hook
(12)


Science Hill
(16)


Scottsville
(51)


Shelbyville
(94)


Shepherdsville
(120)


Shively
(24)


Somerset
(147)


South Williamson
(12)


Springfield
(11)


St. Matthews
(43)


Stanford
(15)


Taylor Mill
(11)


Taylorsville
(13)


Tompkinsville
(16)


Union
(26)


Versailles
(69)


Vine Grove
(42)


Walton
(50)


West Liberty
(19)


Whitesburg
(17)


Wilder
(10)


Williamsburg
(22)


Williamstown
(38)


Winchester
(93)




     Sort byBest RatedMost recentDistance Filtered By Kentuckyx Lexingtonx    By Categories   Agriculture, Fishing & Forestry   Farming equipment and services Horses Soil  Apparel & Accessories   Accesories Alterations and services businesses Clothing Footwear Outwear  Art, Entertainment & Media   Amusement centres  Artists and entertainers Arts Games, Hobbies and Parties Music News and information Night life Radio Video, movies and television  Automotive   Accessories Detailing and aesthetics  Motorcycles Motorized vehicles  New and used car dealers Parts and supplies Repairs  Construction & Renovation   Building materials & Equipment Concrete, Cement & Paving Contractor Equipment & Services Design and Architecture Floors, Ceilings & Roofs Inspectors & Surveyors Painting & Plastering Plumbing & Piping  Education   Academic centers Service and Supplies Specialized Schools  Family & Community   Children and Child care Community Services & Organizations Business Pet Services Pet Supplies  Finance & Legal   Accounting Services Bank and Financial Services Financial Industry Supplies Insurance Legal Loans and Credit services business Retirement and Financial planning Taxes  Food & Beverages   Bars, Pubs & Cafes Beverages Desserts & Sweets Facilities and Services Foods General Restaurants  Health & Medicine   Alternative Health Care Dental Care Diet and Nutrition Doctors and Health Specialists Fitness and Exercise Health services Hospital & Clinics Long term Care Medical Products Equipment Physicians and Surgeons Therapy & Counselling Vision & Eye Care  Home & Garden   Accessories Appliances Cabinets, Racks & Organizers Cleaning Supplies & Services Cooling & Ventilating Doors Furniture Garden & Lawn Heating business Housewares Housing Providers Interior decoration Lighting Moving and Storage Outdoor services Painting, Floor & Wall coverings Pest control Safety & Security  Industrial Supplies & Services   Adhesives, Chemicals, Inks, Dyes & Lubricants Amusement equipment and devices Cleaning Equipment, Supply & Services Furniture General supplies and services Hydraulics and pneumatics Industrial Electrical Supplies & Services Industrial food and beverage  Instruments – General Labels and labeling Machines, Machining Machinery Material handling Metals, metals working and metals products Oil, coal, fuels and natural gases Plastics and rubber products and services Printing publishing Security and safety products Textiles Tools Wood and paper  Personal Care   Barbers, Beauty salons & Spas Body art & Piercing Cosmetics Skin and Scalp Services & Products Supplies  Public utilities & Environment   Energy and power Environment Mining Public utilities Waste  Real Estate & Insurance   Building management Insurance Business Real Estate  Shopping & Speciality Stores   Antiques Art supplies and services Books Consignment Shops Discount, used and rental goods Gifts and novelty  Party supplies and services Shopping services and supplies  Sports & Recreation   Associations and clubs Boat and watersport Games Hunting and guns Sport services Sporting goods Stadiums and sporting facilities  Technology   Communication Services & Equipment Computer Equipment Computer Services Information systems Internet  Transportation   Aircrafts and airports Boats and marine Buses Mass and public transportation Special Transportation Services Trucking and freight  Travel & Lodging   Lodging Tours and excursions Transport Travel agencies    







 







        Based on 8 Evaluations  Add to My list Added      InfoRecovery - Data Recovery Services     2333 Alexandria Drive | 40504     See phone loading...  (888)305-0911             Contact         Hard Drive Recovery, raid recovery, usb flash drive recovery, ssd recovery, Server Recovery, Database Repair      D     Based on 2 Evaluations  Add to My list Added      Dilworth Tax Lawyers     455 Southland Dr, Suite #6 | 40503     See phone loading...  (859) 955-0986             Contact         Tax Attorneys      A     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      Arnold Wage Levy Lawyers     3387 Tates Creek Rd #6 | 40502     See phone loading...  (859) 412-1373             Contact                        O     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      Ontiveros IRS Tax Attorneys     3101 Richmond Rd,Suite #5 | 40509     See phone loading...  (859) 412-1391             Contact                             Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      Locust Trace Veterinary Clinic     3591 Leestown Rd | 40511     See phone loading...  (859) 225-0303             Contact         Vet Lexington KY, Veterinarian Lexington KY, Animal Clinic Lexington KY, Pet Care Lexington KY, Vet Clinic Lexington KY, Veterinary Clinic Lexington KY, Animal Care Lexington KY      T     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      The F Begley Tax Group     1424 Alexandria Dr, Suite #6 | 40504     See phone loading...  (859) 242-7768             Contact         Accountants And Business Advisors      T     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      The Swaney Tax Law Group     435 Redding Rd, Suite #6 | 40517     See phone loading...  (859) 643-8006             Contact         Tax Attorneys      T     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      The Lexington Tax Attorneys     247 Surfside Dr, Suite #7 | 40503     See phone loading...  (859) 412-1375             Contact                        C     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      C. Hill Back Tax Relief     3180 Richmond Rd, Suite #6 | 40509     See phone loading...  (859) 412-1371             Contact                        T     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      The Lunsford Tax Advisors     1600 Leestown Rd, Suite #5 | 40511     See phone loading...  (859) 412-1387             Contact                             Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Corbin Recovery     1050 Monarch St 205 | 40513     See phone loading...  (859) 878-2449             Contact         Drug Rehab Center           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Action Pest Control     574 Horton Court, Unit B | 40511     See phone loading...  (859) 899-0299             Contact         Pest Control, Termite Control, bed bug control, Ant Control, Rodent Control           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Rest Assured Massage and Spa     1795 Alysheba Way, Suite 3204 | 40509     See phone loading...  859-286-9859             Contact         couples massage           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Galaxy Auto Sales     1091 E New Circle Road | 40505     See phone loading...  859-523-0601      See fax loading... 859-523-0602         Contact         Used Cars, Financing, craigslist, AutoTrader           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      TCB Global Enterprises LLC     Lexington | 40509     See phone loading...  (859) 479-0198             Contact         Health Coach, Weight Loss Services, Weight Loss, Weight Control, Weight Control Services           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Morgan Dental Services     1510 Newtown Pike # 201 | 40511     See phone loading...  859-559-0271             Contact         Dentist Lexington KY, Dental Implants, Family Dentist, Emergency Dentist, general dentist, clearcorrect, Laser Dentistry, Extractions           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Hughes Recovery     333 W Vine St #1674 | 40507     See phone loading...  (859) 308-6018             Contact         Drug Rehab Center, Addiction Treatment           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Harvey's Bar and Hugo's Ultra Lounge     200 West Main Street | 40507     See phone loading...  859-226-9333             Contact         bar and loung, lounge in Lexington Kentuck, Bar, outdoor lounge, Night Club Lexington KY           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Teak Closeouts     359 Thompson Road | 40508     See phone loading...  1-800-270-4031             Contact         Teak Furniture           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Search Sharks     1753 Farmview Drive | 40515     See phone loading...  859-227-0183             Contact         Internet Search Engine Optimiz           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Kentucky Counseling Center     152 E. Reynolds Rd, Suite 103 | 40517     See phone loading...  855-591-0092             Contact         psychiatry lexington, counseling lexington, Mental Health Services      A     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Audiology Associates     259 Southland Drive | 40503     See phone loading...  859-277-0491             Contact         Hearing Aids, Audiology, Hearing Aid, Hearing Services, Hearing Aid Batteries, Hearing           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Xact Communications     560 E Third St. Lexington, Lexington | 40508     See phone loading...  +1 844-937-9228             Contact         business communication service, Business Telephone Systems, Telephone Systems, Business Phone System, cloud based phone, Virtual Phone System, Business Phone Service, corporate telephone systems           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      BT Web Group, LLC     168 E. Reynolds Rd. | 40517     See phone loading...  859-263-9045             Contact         Website Design, Digital Marketing, Internet Marketing, Internet Marketing Services, Search Engine Marketing, Search Engine Optimization, Web Design, Web Development      M     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Morgan Collins & Yeast PLLC     900 Beasley St #225 | 40962     See phone loading...  859-327-3383             Contact         Workers Compensation Law, Personal Injury Law  







  12345678910 Next       Companies  Products      Hotels, New York    Search in: Lexington        About TuugoToSPrivacy PolicyFAQMobileTranslate TuugoSite MapBlogTuugo Language:  AfrikaansBahasa IndonesiaBahasa MelayuDanskDeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisItalianoMagyarNederlandsPolskiPortuguêsRomânăSvenskaTiếng ViệtČeštinaΕλληνικάРусскийУкраїнськаภาษาไทย中文 (简写)日本語한국말 0.584144830703743 Copyright 2009 - 2017 Tuugo 


    


Community Trust Company - Products and Services


























Skip to Content
Login to Online Banking


	Products and Services



About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Sign In
Register



















Consumer
Financial Professional





Products & Services





Borrowing

Residential MortgagesCommercial Mortgages




Savings & Deposits

Term Deposits & GICsMaximizer Savings Account




Registered Accounts

Self-Directed Registered AccountsClassic Registered Accounts




  
Resource Centre





Rates & Fees

Borrowing RatesInvestments & Savings RatesFee Schedules




Tools & Resources

CalculatorsFrequently Asked QuestionsMedia Segments




  
Forms & Applications
 






You are here:

Home (Consumer)
Products and Services













Products and Services





We care about where you're going, not just where you've been.
Whether you're looking for a mortgage, an investment, or ways to save, our flexible products and services can help you build a beautiful future, no matter what you have on your bucket list.





Our products and services help you see your options differently.








   



   



   





























Community Trust & Investment Co. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Community Trust & Investment Co.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Holdings & Top Positions



Community Trust & Investment Co.



 OVERVIEW



Headquarters


100 East Vine Street, Suite 501, Lexington, Ky 40507-1441




Industries


Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


CT is a large-cap GARP manager that benchmarks their portfolio to the S&P 500. They focus primarily on the finance sector, globally. The firm takes a long-term approach and maintains a low turnover rate.




Website


http://www.ctbi.com/ctic






 In The News
          See more






See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Andy D. Waters

President & Chief Executive Officer




Jamie Maloney

Trader & Investment Coordinator





E. Barrett Coleman

Vice President & Portfolio Manager




Tammy R. Provost

Vice President & Portfolio Manager





Robert Christopher Meng

Senior Vice President & Investment Manager




Kirk A. Schmitt

Vice President, Senior Equity Manager & Strategist





Kevin J. Stumbo

Vice President




Jeff Hirsch

Investment Analyst





Taylor Linville

Investment Analyst




Cameron Adams

Equity Analyst







See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Jean R. Hale

President, Chief Executive Officer & Chairman of the Board at Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. (Kentucky)




Nick Carter

President at New Gauley Coal Corp.





Andy D. Waters

President & Chief Executive Officer at Community Trust & Investment Co.




Charles J. Baird

President at Baird & Baird PSC





Krishna M. Malempati

Former Vice President at Om Ventures, Inc.




Mark A. Gooch

President & Chief Executive Officer at Community Trust Bank, Inc. (Pikeville, Kentucky)





E. B. Lowman II

Member, Board of Directors at Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. (Kentucky)







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Community Trust & Investment Co.



                        Community Trust & Investment Co.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Community Trust & Investment Co.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Community Trust & Investment Co..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













﻿

























NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI) Position Increased by Community Trust & Investment Co. - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for NXP Semiconductors N.V.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor NXP Semiconductors N.V. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Synnex Corporation (NYSE:SNX) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results
Brokerages Anticipate Macy’s Inc (M) Will Post Earnings of $0.45 Per Share
BlackBerry Limited (NASDAQ:BBRY) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Expectations
BidaskClub Downgrades BCE, Inc. (NYSE:BCE) to Sell
Big Lots, Inc. (NYSE:BIG) Downgraded to “Sell” at BidaskClub
Xenith Bankshares (NASDAQ:XBKS) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.46
Colliers International Group (NASDAQ:FSRV) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows
BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Boston Scientific Corporation (NYSE:BSX)
BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.44
Advance Auto Parts Inc (NYSE:AAP) Stake Held by Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio
Brokerages Expect Actua Corporation (ACTA) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $31.75 Million
Atlantic Capital Bancshares, Inc. (ACBI) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $25.10 Million
Alere (NYSE:ALR) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.41
Kopin Corporation (NASDAQ:KOPN) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.43
Cameron International (NYSE:CAM) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds
Quality Systems (NASDAQ:QSII) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Retail Properties of America (NYSE:RPAI) Share Price
Credit Agricole S A Has $997,000 Stake in Sonic Corp. (NASDAQ:SONC)
Credit Agricole S A Cuts Stake in Global Net Lease, Inc. (GNL)


 


NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI) Position Increased by Community Trust & Investment Co.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 16th, 2017 // No Comments 

Community Trust & Investment Co. increased its stake in NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI) by 0.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 193,213 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock after buying an additional 1,724 shares during the period. NXP Semiconductors N.V. makes up 2.3% of Community Trust & Investment Co.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 13th largest position. Community Trust & Investment Co. owned 0.08% of NXP Semiconductors N.V. worth $19,997,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in NXPI. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System boosted its stake in NXP Semiconductors N.V. by 15.9% in the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 15,289 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock valued at $1,498,000 after buying an additional 2,100 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in NXP Semiconductors N.V. by 4.7% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 10,273 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock valued at $1,007,000 after buying an additional 460 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in NXP Semiconductors N.V. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $210,000. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN bought a new stake in NXP Semiconductors N.V. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $583,000. Finally, Lincoln Capital Corp bought a new stake in NXP Semiconductors N.V. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,516,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 76.81% of the company’s stock. 




Shares of NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NXPI) traded up 0.17% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $109.40. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,781,973 shares. NXP Semiconductors N.V. has a 12 month low of $75.04 and a 12 month high of $109.98. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $108.65 and its 200 day moving average is $103.46. The stock has a market capitalization of $27.54 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.03 and a beta of 0.90. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/16/nxp-semiconductors-n-v-nasdaqnxpi-shares-bought-by-community-trust-investment-co-updated.html. 


 Get NXP Semiconductors N.V. alerts:



NXPI has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised NXP Semiconductors N.V. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Instinet lowered NXP Semiconductors N.V. from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $110.00 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, May 8th. Nomura lowered NXP Semiconductors N.V. from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, May 8th. Mizuho reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $110.00 price objective on shares of NXP Semiconductors N.V. in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG lowered NXP Semiconductors N.V. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $110.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday, June 19th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have given a hold rating, four have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $108.58.
About NXP Semiconductors N.V.
NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NXP) is a holding company. The Company operates as a semiconductor company. The Company provides high performance mixed signal and standard product solutions. The Company’s segments are High Performance Mixed Signal (HPMS), Standard Products (SP), and Corporate and Other. Its product solutions are used in a range of end-market applications, including automotive, personal security and identification, wireless and wireline infrastructure, mobile communications, multi-market industrial, consumer and computing. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for NXP Semiconductors N.V. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NXP Semiconductors N.V. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 









































Community Trust & Investment Co Buys Facebook Inc, BP PLC, Johnson Controls International ... - Nasdaq.com











































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Community Trust & Investment Co Buys Facebook Inc, BP PLC, Johnson Controls International ...


May 19, 2017, 07:38:24 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Community Trust & Investment CoNew Purchases: FB , BP , ENB , GLPI, BDX,Added Positions:JCI, CVX, AVGO, PXD, HAL, GOOG, SLB, UNH, GE, AGN,Reduced Positions:CTBI, XOM, AIG, CDW, AAPL, DOW, AXP, AEP, LUK, BX,Sold Out:HBI, TEL, VLO, TOT, OXY, SE, IBB, BIVV,For the details of COMMUNITY TRUST & INVESTMENT CO's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=COMMUNITY+TRUST+%26+INVESTMENT+COThese are the top 5 holdings of COMMUNITY TRUST & INVESTMENT COCommunity Trust Bancorp Inc ( CTBI ) - 1,766,546 shares, 9.44% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 4.98%JPMorgan Chase & Co ( JPM ) - 397,075 shares, 4.07% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.64%Alphabet Inc ( GOOG ) - 37,019 shares, 3.59% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 2.80%Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ ) - 244,311 shares, 3.55% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.53%Microsoft Corp ( MSFT ) - 449,798 shares, 3.46% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.23%New Purchase: Facebook Inc (FB)Community Trust & Investment Co initiated holdings in Facebook Inc. The purchase prices were between $116.86 and $142.65, with an estimated average price of $133.64. The stock is now traded at around $148.06. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.92%. The holdings were 55,577 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: BP PLC (BP)Community Trust & Investment Co initiated holdings in BP PLC. The purchase prices were between $33.31 and $38.57, with an estimated average price of $35.17. The stock is now traded at around $36.94. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.89%. The holdings were 221,370 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Enbridge Inc (ENB)Community Trust & Investment Co initiated holdings in Enbridge Inc. The purchase prices were between $40.31 and $44.37, with an estimated average price of $42.25. The stock is now traded at around $39.58. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.19%. The holdings were 39,360 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc (GLPI)Community Trust & Investment Co initiated holdings in Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc. The purchase prices were between $30.27 and $33.42, with an estimated average price of $31.57. The stock is now traded at around $36.16. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.05%. The holdings were 13,500 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Becton, Dickinson and Co (BDX)Community Trust & Investment Co initiated holdings in Becton, Dickinson and Co. The purchase prices were between $164.8 and $185.34, with an estimated average price of $178.67. The stock is now traded at around $184.13. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 1,475 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI)Community Trust & Investment Co added to the holdings in Johnson Controls International PLC by 68.75%. The purchase prices were between $40.82 and $44.3, with an estimated average price of $42.28. The stock is now traded at around $42.60. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.52%. The holdings were 259,830 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Broadcom Ltd (AVGO)Community Trust & Investment Co added to the holdings in Broadcom Ltd by 41.99%. The purchase prices were between $174.28 and $226.45, with an estimated average price of $205.92. The stock is now traded at around $234.10. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.43%. The holdings were 57,348 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Chevron Corp (CVX)Community Trust & Investment Co added to the holdings in Chevron Corp by 36.50%. The purchase prices were between $106.28 and $117.85, with an estimated average price of $112.17. The stock is now traded at around $106.52. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.43%. The holdings were 126,553 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Pioneer Natural Resources Co (PXD)Community Trust & Investment Co added to the holdings in Pioneer Natural Resources Co by 82.74%. The purchase prices were between $174.95 and $198.9, with an estimated average price of $185.5. The stock is now traded at around $176.62. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.41%. The holdings were 41,765 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Halliburton Co (HAL)Community Trust & Investment Co added to the holdings in Halliburton Co by 512.40%. The purchase prices were between $47.78 and $58.21, with an estimated average price of $53.78. The stock is now traded at around $47.78. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.38%. The holdings were 78,552 shares as of 2017-03-31.Sold Out: Hanesbrands Inc (HBI)Community Trust & Investment Co sold out the holdings in Hanesbrands Inc. The sale prices were between $18.98 and $23.83, with an estimated average price of $21.2.Sold Out: TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL)Community Trust & Investment Co sold out the holdings in TE Connectivity Ltd. The sale prices were between $67.31 and $76.53, with an estimated average price of $73.55.Sold Out: Valero Energy Corp (VLO)Community Trust & Investment Co sold out the holdings in Valero Energy Corp. The sale prices were between $65.11 and $70.42, with an estimated average price of $66.92.Sold Out: Total SA (TOT)Community Trust & Investment Co sold out the holdings in Total SA. The sale prices were between $49.2 and $51.91, with an estimated average price of $50.51.Sold Out: Occidental Petroleum Corp (OXY)Community Trust & Investment Co sold out the holdings in Occidental Petroleum Corp. The sale prices were between $62.06 and $72.27, with an estimated average price of $66.53.Sold Out: Spectra Energy Corp (SE)Community Trust & Investment Co sold out the holdings in Spectra Energy Corp. The sale prices were between $40.68 and $43.45, with an estimated average price of $41.93.JCI 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of JCIPeter Lynch Chart of JCIPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        CTBI
                                    
, 

                                        JPM
                                    
, 

                                        GOOG
                                    
, 

                                        JNJ
                                    
, 

                                        MSFT
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
Are CEOs Buying?
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







3 Things You Really Need to Know About Marijuana Stock MedReleaf


						7/21/2017 02:43 PM
					



2 Reasons Incyte Is a Better Growth Stock Than Exelixis -- and 1 Reason It Isn't


						7/21/2017 02:42 PM
					



3 Been-There-Done-That Biotech CEOs Who Are Doing it Again


						7/21/2017 02:42 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Iraq plans to sell us dollar bond deal in coming weeks - sources
Petro River Makes Oil Discovery in Kern County, California
U.S. shale oil output seen up for eighth month at 5.6 mln bpd -EIA
XPO Logistics Announces Public Offering of Common Stock







Chipotle: The Bull Case For Queso
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
Lockheed Martin Invests in contextere to Transform the Future of Work...
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...
Morgan Stanley chooses Frankfurt as EU hub post Brexit - source




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





CTBI








0%



Rate It





JPM








72%



Rate It





GOOG








90%



Rate It





JNJ








83%



Rate It





MSFT








84%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX

















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 





















Edward Jones | Making Sense of Investing

























Edward Jones
Hide Menu
Open Search


Enter search terms

Close Search
Search Site







Edward JonesHide Menu



Secure Login


Find an Advisor
The Value of Edward Jones
Investments & Services
Preparing for Your Future
Market News & Guidance


Set Country

US | En
Set Country

US | En
CA | En
CA | Fr















Put the power of personal attention to work for you.





Put the power of personal attention to work for you.

As an Edward Jones client, you'll work with a dedicated financial advisor who spends time listening to you, explaining recommendations, answering questions and helping you plot the right course. We know financial decisions can be complicated, but they're important. That's why we believe every question deserves a thoughtful answer. 
Don't take our word for it. Contact your local financial advisor to see the difference personal attention can make.

Watch our video






Put the power of personal attention to work for you.

Watch our video






Online Access
Secure Login

Login Help
  |  
Enroll Now
  |  
Login Changes






By Location
By Name



Find a Financial Advisor
Enter a city and state, or zip code


Submit




Find a Financial Advisor
Select a State and then enter a last name

Select a State


State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY


Enter a last name

Submit













Featured News

Market Outlook: 3rd Quarter | Watch Video
Does Your Portfolio Need a Passport? | Read More
The 3 R's of Investing: Review, Review, Review | Read More

More news 










Working with Your Financial Advisor





Working with Your Financial Advisor
See why in-person, in-depth communication helps to guide you step by step through investment decisions on the path towards reaching your goals.

Watch our video






Working with Your Financial Advisor

Watch our video





Visualize Your Goals


Retirement Savings

Less than half of working investors know how much to save.
Use our calculator 



Savings Calculator

Realize the power of long-term saving with our calculator.
Use our calculator 



Life Insurance

80% of consumers think life insurance costs more than it does.
Use our calculator 










Ranked No. 5 on FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work For List

Learn more







Digital Options to Stay in Touch Wherever You Go

Learn more







Check the background of the firm with FINRA's BrokerCheck

Visit BrokerCheck.com





























 





















Find a Financial Advisor | Edward Jones

























Edward Jones
Hide Menu
Open Search


Enter search terms

Close Search
Search Site







Edward JonesHide Menu



Secure Login


Find an Advisor
The Value of Edward Jones
Investments & Services
Preparing for Your Future
Market News & Guidance


Set Country

US | En
Set Country

US | En
CA | En
CA | Fr











By Location
By Name




Find a Financial Advisor
Enter a city and state, or zip code


Submit

Get my current location


Anyone can provide advice. Our goal is to provide advice and guidance based on your needs. We have more than 14,000 financial advisors in the U.S. – each one dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
To find a financial advisor near you, use the search box above.





Find a Financial Advisor

Select a State


State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY


Enter a last name

Submit



Anyone can provide advice. Our goal is to provide advice and guidance based on your needs. We have more than 13,000 financial advisors in the U.S. – each one dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
To find a financial advisor near you, use the search box above.






Find a Financial Advisor




Start a New Search



Show More




First Name (Required)



Last Name (Required)



Email (Required)



Are you a client? (Required)


							Yes I am a client

							No I am not a client



Type your message
500 characters remaining

This form is subject to our Online Privacy Statement.

Send
Cancel


Thank you. Your message has been submitted.Close


There was an error submitting your message. Please refresh your browser and try again.Close






New Search

By Location


Submit





By Name

Select a State


State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY


Enter a last name

Submit







































  
Home » Find a Financial Advisor


 





















The Value Of Edward Jones | Edward Jones

























Edward Jones
Hide Menu
Open Search


Enter search terms

Close Search
Search Site







Edward JonesHide Menu



Secure Login


Find an Advisor
The Value of Edward Jones
Investments & Services
Preparing for Your Future
Market News & Guidance


Set Country

US | En
Set Country

US | En
CA | En
CA | Fr















The Value of Edward Jones






The Edward Jones Advantage
Watch our video
Video Icon




The Edward Jones Advantage


                Use the following Play/Pause button to start and stop the video player.  When finished continue to the next region.
                Play/Pause





There's an advantage in working with a financial advisor who knows you – and your financial goals. That's what makes Edward Jones different from other investment firms. Supporting the relationship between you and your financial advisor shapes nearly every aspect of our business.
You may have seen one of our 12,000 offices in your community. That's because we believe you deserve more than a 1-800 number when it comes to your financial future.
What you may not know is that we're a Fortune 500 company with thousands of associates and sophisticated technology supporting your local financial advisor.
The Edward Jones approach in determining your goals, and developing tailored financial strategies, has been helping nearly 7 million clients for more than 90 years.
In fact, we like to think we became one of the largest financial services firms in the country by not acting that way. If you're ready to work with a different kind of investment firm—one that cares as much about why you're investing as what you invest in— you're ready to work with Edward Jones.
Close






Working with a Personal Financial Advisor
Watch our video
Video Icon







                Use the following Play/Pause button to start and stop the video player.  When finished continue to the next region.
                Play/Pause





Working with a Personal Financial Advisor
Whether you're new to investing or have been investing for years, you owe it to yourself to experience the difference of working with an Edward Jones financial advisor. Our firm is built to deliver personalized service, and we treat you with the respect you deserve. We've been doing it since 1922.
How we can help
We get it. Investing can be complicated. Ask all the questions you want, and we will answer them in plain English. Your financial advisor is your long-term financial partner. These are important goals and you need an advocate – someone who listens and really understands what's important to you. We believe that's the best way to develop a personalized financial strategy.
Close






Are We Right for You?
Here are 5 qualities you can expect from an Edward Jones financial advisor.
View slideshow
Read more 

Are We Right for You?






Understands Me
I want to work with a financial advisor who really gets to know me and my family, our goals and what’s important to us.







Clearly Explains Investing
I’m looking for a financial advisor who will spend time educating me on investment topics and answering my questions.







Knows My Investment Style
I want someone who makes recommendations in my best interest and explains how they can help me make progress towards my goals.







Meets on My Schedule
Meeting with my financial advisor should be convenient. And I want choices – whether that means meeting in person or over the phone.







Stays in Touch
I want my financial advisor to contact me to reassure me that I’m on the right track or make suggestions if I’m not. Even if I’m not expecting it.







Edward Jones & You
If these sound like qualities you’re looking for in a financial advisor, Edward Jones might be right for you.
Find a financial advisor






Understands Me
I want to work with a financial advisor who really gets to know me and my family, our goals and what’s important to us.


Clearly Explains Investing
I’m looking for a financial advisor who will spend time educating me on investment topics and answering my questions.


Knows My Investment Style
I want someone who makes recommendations in my best interest and explains how they can help me make progress towards my goals.


Meets on My Schedule
Meeting with my financial advisor should be convenient. And I want choices – whether that means meeting in person or over the phone.


Stays in Touch
I want my financial advisor to contact me to reassure me that I’m on the right track or make suggestions if I’m not. Even if I’m not expecting it.


Edward Jones & You
If these sound like qualities you’re looking for in a financial advisor, Edward Jones might be right for you.

Find a financial advisor



Close






Focus On You
Read more



Focus On You




Every investment firm has principles. And they usually sound exactly the same. We believe Edward Jones is different in almost every way. Our principles were deliberately created with you in mind. We don't just talk about personal service. We're built to deliver it.
Your dedicated financial advisor – It's your financial future, so an 800-number or Internet search for financial advice doesn't cut it. You have a relationship with an Edward Jones financial advisor, who spends time to learn why you're investing and then develops a personalized strategy. No cookie-cutter plans here.
In your neighborhood – With more than 15,000 financial advisors, you shouldn't have to go far to find an Edward Jones office in your community. That means you can actually meet with a financial advisor to discuss what's important to you.
Tailored for individual investors - All of our resources – including investment research, online account access, easy-to-understand statements, sophisticated software and detailed reports – are developed with you in mind.
Experienced support team - Backing up this personal service is a Fortune 500 company with thousands of people and advanced technology. Your financial advisor uses these resources to develop the best strategy for you.
We spend the time and have the knowledge to help you sort through complicated financial questions. Most financial services firms claim to focus on you and your needs, but can they really do it? We believe Edward Jones is uniquely positioned from the ground up to provide the attention, respect and service you deserve.
Find a financial advisor
Close






Prepare for Your First Appointment 
Learn more



Prepare for Your First Appointment 




We're honored that you're considering working with us to help achieve your financial goals. Here are three ways you can prepare our first meeting.


Think about why you're investing
Understanding the "why" will help you be better prepared to discuss your goals and strategies to help reach them. What's important to you and your family? What do you want to achieve?


Gather your statements
If you've worked with a financial advisor before, it's helpful to know about your current investments and your experience to date. If you're new to the investing world, we promise to talk with you, not at you. Our goal is to empower you with the knowledge you'll need to pursue your goals.


Bring your questions
We want to make sure to answer any investment questions you may have, as well as how we can best work together. What do you expect? How often do you want to touch base?


Request appointment
Close






Invested in the Community
We support the communities where we live and work. See how Edward Jones gets involved.
View slideshow
Learn more 

Invested in the Community






We are invested in our community
We value the communities where we work, so we're committed to giving back. You'll find our associates serving clients in our offices, but you'll also find us investing our time and talents to support local organizations and great causes. Many Financial Advisors are on Chambers of Commerce and serve as board members and event coordinators for local organizations, and our associates volunteer, donate and support a variety of charitable organizations.







Tour De Ted
Each year, branch and Home Office associates take to the road to raise funds for cancer research for the firm's annual Tour de Ted. In memory of Ted Jones, former managing partner who died from cancer, the first Tour de Ted showcased the firm's community-oriented culture while paying tribute to the history of Edward Jones. Volunteers rode the path of the original "wire" that connected Pueblo, Colo., to St. Louis, Mo., which created our branch network.







Emergency Assistance
Sixteen Financial Advisors in Texas decided to set aside one day out of their busy schedules to give back to their community. They volunteered at the Montgomery County Emergency Assistance facility by painting offices and hallways, and sorting and tagging clothes.







School Supply Drive
Eight local Edward Jones Financial Advisors teamed up on behalf of school children, clearly demonstrating their commitment to family values. Their school supply drive brought in hundreds of classroom necessities, from notebooks and markers to tissues and cleaning wipes.







Habitat for Humanity
When investors wanted to save for a new home, Edward Jones was there to help. Associates from Ontario, Canada, helped a local family reach its goal of home ownership in another way when they came together for the Habitat for Humanity build in Amherstburg, Ont., the first such home built in this community.







Pedal the Cause
We're proud of our associates who joined the fight against cancer as Edward Jones Pedal the Cause riders. More than 200 bike riders from across the U.S. took to the streets (and the Katy Trail) to help fundraise for cancer research.







Walk to End Alzheimer's®
At Edward Jones, we live and work in the communities we serve. We want to make a difference in people’s lives, both in and out of the office. Alzheimer’s disease has a significant impact on individuals, family, friends and community. That’s why we’ve chosen to partner with the Alzheimer’s Association as the National Presenting Sponsor of the Walk to End Alzheimer’s®. We invite you to join us in the fight to end this terrible disease.





We are invested in our community
We value the communities where we work, so we're committed to giving back. You'll find our associates serving clients in our offices, but you'll also find us investing our time and talents to support local organizations and great causes. Many Financial Advisors are on Chambers of Commerce and serve as board members and event coordinators for local organizations, and our associates volunteer, donate and support a variety of charitable organizations.

Tour De Ted
Each year, branch and Home Office associates take to the road to raise funds for cancer research for the firm's annual Tour de Ted. In memory of Ted Jones, former managing partner who died from cancer, the first Tour de Ted showcased the firm's community-oriented culture while paying tribute to the history of Edward Jones. Volunteers rode the path of the original "wire" that connected Pueblo, Colo., to St. Louis, Mo., which created our branch network.


Emergency Assistance
Sixteen Financial Advisors in Texas decided to set aside one day out of their busy schedules to give back to their community. They volunteered at the Montgomery County Emergency Assistance facility by painting offices and hallways, and sorting and tagging clothes.


School Supply Drive
Eight local Edward Jones Financial Advisors teamed up on behalf of school children, clearly demonstrating their commitment to family values. Their school supply drive brought in hundreds of classroom necessities, from notebooks and markers to tissues and cleaning wipes.


Habitat for Humanity
When investors wanted to save for a new home, Edward Jones was there to help. Associates from Ontario, Canada, helped a local family reach its goal of home ownership in another way when they came together for the Habitat for Humanity build in Amherstburg, Ont., the first such home built in this community.

Pedal the Cause
We're proud of our associates who joined the fight against cancer as Edward Jones Pedal the Cause riders. More than 200 bike riders from across the U.S. took to the streets (and the Katy Trail) to help fundraise for cancer research.

Walk to End Alzheimer's®
At Edward Jones, we live and work in the communities we serve. We want to make a difference in people’s lives, both in and out of the office. Alzheimer’s disease has a significant impact on individuals, family, friends and community. That’s why we’ve chosen to partner with the Alzheimer’s Association as the National Presenting Sponsor of the Walk to End Alzheimer’s®. We invite you to join us in the fight to end this terrible disease.



Close
































Edward Jones | Cannot access page

























Cannot access page
The requested URL was rejected. Please consult with your administrator.

Your support ID is: 4477101796609300229


If you are trying to enter a Web address that you have seen in printed material or that you were given by an Edward Jones associate, please make sure you enter the address exactly as it appears. Web addresses for this site cannot contain spaces and should be entered using all lowercase letters.









Home Page
Investments & Services
Site Map
Account Login








Copyright © 2015 Edward Jones. All rights reserved. Member SIPC.
					
This site is designed for U.S. residents only. The services offered within this site are available exclusively through our U.S. financial advisors. Edward Jones' U.S. financial advisors may only conduct business with residents of the states for which they are properly registered. Please note that not all of the investments and services mentioned are available in every state.






Paladin Capital Management




















...Serving Individuals and Families...
 
 







Paladin Capital Management




















...Serving Individuals and Families...
 
 







Paladin Capital Management




















...Serving Individuals and Families...
 
 







Paladin Capital Management




















...Serving Individuals and Families...
 
 








U.S. Trust - Investment Management




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Investment Management
Insights, Strategies and Solutions
Our experienced professionals have expertise in a broad spectrum of traditional, alternative and non-financial assets.  We can work with you to develop and manage a portfolio tailored to your needs.






Portfolio Consulting
A collaborative dialogue with your portfolio manager
Your portfolio manager is a key member of your U.S. Trust relationship team and serves as your personal "chief investment officer." He or she will work with you to create an Investment Policy Statement, which serves as a blueprint for your portfolio by documenting your:

Objectives
Risk tolerance
Cash flow needs
 Tax situation
Wealth aspirations

Your portfolio manager's ongoing role is to incorporate our best strategic and tactical thinking, most relevant research analysis, current market insights and appropriate investment solutions into your portfolio. He or she will regularly monitor your portfolio to make sure it conforms to your Investment Policy Statement, which will be updated whenever there are significant changes in your life or goals.
Asset management
A more complete approach to asset allocation1
We analyze a wide range of asset classes, including hedge and private equity funds2 and global investment opportunities, as potential components of an asset allocation. In addition, we believe that true diversification requires managing for cash flows across and within asset classes in various market environments — not simply allocating according to a grid.
Your asset allocation will be based on the long-term expectations established for each asset class by our most senior investment professionals. Over the shorter term, however, your portfolio manager can adjust your portfolio tactically in response to emerging opportunities and risks, and reflecting U.S. Trust insights about trends and themes relevant to you.
How you own your assets — personally or in trusts; in taxable or tax-exempt solutions — can have a material impact on the overall performance of your portfolio. At U.S. Trust we focus on this wealth structuring aspect of your portfolio in conjunction with managing the assets themselves.
Alternative Investments
SOPHISTICATED SOLUTIONS TO MEET YOUR NEEDS2
Alternative investments at U.S. Trust focus on non-traditional assets such as:

Hedge funds
Private equity
Real estate and tangible assets

Because performance is often differentiated from equity and fixed income markets, alternative investments may be an ideal complement to traditional investments. 
Through our access to the industry's premier managers, we are able to offer solutions that provide options for all client segments. And we support you every step of the way with knowledge built on our experience in alternatives, including industry-leading research, rigorous due diligence, and cutting-edge portfolio construction.
Drawing from the experience, resources and expertise of the firm, you and your portfolio manager can explore alternative investments that can help you pursue what matters most to you.
Specialty asset management
Expertise in nonfinancial assets3
Specialty asset management at U.S. Trust focuses on nonfinancial assets such as:

Farm and ranch land
Timberland
Oil and gas properties
Private businesses
Real estate

Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist, as appropriate, to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
We can help you realize your objectives with assets you already own, or help you acquire specific assets to take advantage of their capital growth and diversification potential — whether you own these assets outright or they are held in trust.
Our team of specialists can provide complete turnkey services including identifying and purchasing real property and providing ongoing management.
Capital markets
Sophisticated market-linked solutions4
Through our access to the resources of Merrill Lynch, one of the world's leading capital markets participants, we can tailor approaches to risks and opportunities in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity and equity markets. Derivative-based transactions target the risks you seek to hedge, and are designed to dovetail with your overall portfolio and wealth management strategies.

1 Asset allocation and diversification do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
2 Alternative Investments such as derivatives, hedge funds, private equity funds, and funds of funds can result in higher return potential but also higher loss potential. Changes in economic conditions or other circumstances may adversely affect your investments. Before you invest in alternative investments, you should consider your overall financial situation, how much money you have to invest, your need for liquidity, and your tolerance for risk. Alternative investments are speculative and involve a high degree of risk.
3 Nonfinancial assets, such as closely-held businesses, real estate, oil, gas and mineral properties, and timber, farm and ranch land, are complex in nature and involve risks including total loss of value.  Special risk considerations include natural events (for example, earthquakes or fires), complex tax considerations, and lack of liquidity.  Nonfinancial assets are not suitable for all investors.  Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager, and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax, or estate planning strategy.
4 Brokerage services are provided by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Certain U.S. Trust associates are registered representatives with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S") and may assist you with investment products and services provided through MLPF&S and other nonbank investment affiliates. MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."). U.S. Trust operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp.
AR-ARY4G4DX-EXP-2017.06.17 






Videos:


Investment Management




Portfolio Construction



Fixed Income Solutions



Specialty Asset Manangement

View More Videos






You Might Also Be Interested In:

Wealth Structuring
Credit & Banking
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Institutional Investment Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

A Transforming World


Impact Investing




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






352F5F6B (JCF*******802)




   







U.S. Trust - Contact Us




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Learn More








AR-ARHC3KYB EXP-2018.01.25






Videos:


Generations of Commitment to History and Heritage



Private Banking



Investment Management



The Role of a Fiduciary

View More Videos






Additional Resources

Our Latest Thinking
Press Room





Share:


Twitter
Facebook
Email
LinkedIn






Find An Office Near You






































 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






352F5F6B (JCF*******802)




   







U.S. Trust - Our Latest Thinking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Our Latest Thinking











Identifying the main drivers of long-term change is key to investment success in the 21st century. We believe we are at the beginning of a secular growth phase for the U.S. economy driven largely by the rebalancing of global growth from the developed to the developing world. We focus on the long-term drivers, the macro forces and investment themes at play across industries that are taking us into the next growth cycle.
Learn More






2017 Mid-Year ISO: The Tortoise and the Hare Cycle

Learn More









2017 U.S. Trust Insights on Wealth and Worth®
Our Survey results reveal common success traits that create a picture of modern day wealth in America.
Learn More









Reaping What We Compute
The Future of Technology in Agriculture
Learn More






Making It Your Mission
What values drive and inform your giving?
Learn More






Estate Administration in the Digital Era
Modern technology and antiquated statutes can present estate administrators with unexpected challenges.
Learn More






Highlights from the 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of HNW Philanthropy
Our study reveals a passion for philanthropy but also uncertainty about the impact.
Watch The Video






Capital Acumen Issue 32
 The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as a part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






The Growing Adoption of Wind Power
 The wind power industry is expected to deliver rapid job growth over the next decade.
Learn More






THE OWNER'S EMOTIONAL JOURNEY
 Lessons Learned Before, During and After the Sale of a Business 
Learn More






2017 Viewpoint: Shifting winds
Navigating Uncertainty with Specialty Assets
Learn More






Market Insights You Can Act On
Having the ability to have a pulse on what's going on around the world is absolutely critical.
Watch The Video









Alternative Energy: Powering a Brighter Future
Conventional sources are expected to continue to dominate the energy mix as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy
Learn More






Technology Is Disrupting Everything—Even Sneakers
CIO Chris Hyzy looks at game-changing innovation across industries and the often unexpected investment opportunities it's creating
Watch The Video






Sci-Fi M.D.: Moore's Law Meets the Hippocratic Oath
With technology generating futuristic advances, look for investment opportunities within healthcare — and beyond
Learn More






The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK's vote point to an uncertain future across the Eurozone and elsewhere.
Learn More






New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Optimism about the impact of President Trump's potentially pro-growth policies accelerates tectonic shifts in the markets.
Learn More






Five Investment Themes for 2017
Global equity markets are ending the year on a high note with solid gains for the fourth quarter so far in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Learn More






PRESIDENT TRUMP: WHAT HIS TAX PROPOSALS COULD MEAN FOR YOU
Mitch Drossman discusses what tax-planning steps individuals and corporations should consider.
Watch The Video






The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 
Who's Giving to Which Causes and Why
Read More






Don't Fight the Fed
Despite unfavorable predictions from many economists, a stable dollar and the Federal Reserve's cautious stance seem to have staved off a global recession.
Read More






Investing in Iran: Roses or Thorns?
 In a nation newly open to foreign commerce, we find an abundance of investment opportunities — and caveats
Read More






In Conversation With Jane McGonigal
Shall we play a game? The author and video game designer talks time, gaming and the future.
Read More






IMPACT INVESTING: PEOPLE, THE PLANET AND PROFIT
As Impact Investing Comes Of Age, Investors Can Finally Seek a Better World and Return on Investment.
Learn More






Can China's Economy Bounce Back
DeAnne Steele on the depreciation of the yuan, the changing focus of the Chinese economy, and what it all means for investors.
Read More







Business Owners: You, Your Family, and Your Business
Working with a global financial services company helps enable you to address — and simplify — both your business and personal financial lives.

Learn More  







 KEEPING PENSION FUNDING GOALS IN SIGHT
This white paper investigates the use of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in pension funding strategies.
Learn More 






Investing for Maximum Impact
Today's investors are using their portfolios to change the world-without losing return potential
Learn More




 



Addressing Memory and Your Family
There is no cure for cognitive decline, but we have a partial solution: being prepared for the unexpected.
Watch The Video






Rebuilding America: The Road Ahead
U.S. roads and highways, bridges and power grids, and other critical infrastructure have fallen into dangerous disrepair.
Learn More






Timberland as a Sustainable Investment
Timberland offers an opportunity to pursue both—an environmentally sensitive investment platform and financial advantages.
Learn More







Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, highlights why women are growing into an economic superpower
Learn More







Women and Climate Change
Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, describes how women may be especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change
Learn More






Direct Real Estate Investing
Commercial real estate offers the potential for attractive yields, capital appreciation and valuable tax benefits.
Learn More






A fixed income investment approach designed to optimize after-tax yield and after-tax total return
Learn More






Experiences shared and lessons learned from entrepreneurs who successfully sold or transferred their businesses to family members.
Learn More









Intelligent Outsourcing
This white paper examines when the outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) arrangement may be appropriate for an organization.
Learn More






The Power of Positive Teaching
Educating children about the responsibilities of wealth can help keep them wealth-smart.
Learn More





Mitch Drossman, U.S. Trust's national director of wealth planning strategies, discusses the midterm election results, their possible legislative impact, and the implications from a tax-planning perspective.
Watch The Video












Specialty Asset Management
Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
Learn More






Transitioning America's Farmland
It's clear that over the next decade or so, much of America's farmland — now held or farmed by an aging generation — will need to be transitioned.
Learn More






From Best Practices to Next Practices
In search of long-term and sustained philanthropic impact.
Learn More






Making Specialty Asset Gifts Work for Your Organization
Without the proper planning, accepting gifts of real assets today can lead to unexpected and potentially costly consequences. Are you prepared?
Learn More






Women and Girls Equality Strategy
By applying a gender lens, investors can align their portfolios with the goal of supporting gender equality while seeking a market rate of return.
Learn More






The more successful and established entrepreneurs become, the more likely they are to want a more formal mechanism for giving.
Learn More






Family Wealth Services
Our comprehensive, values-based approach to meeting the wealth management needs of our clients and their families.
Learn More






The ElderCare Planning Program
We are committed to addressing the wealth management needs of our clients and their aging families.
Learn More






Personalized Banking and Credit
Your banking and credit needs deserve the same level of expertise as your investments.
Learn More






Customized Aviation Financing
Developing a financing strategy for your aircraft.
Learn More






Financial Empowerment
Prepare your children for the important financial opportunities that lie ahead.
Learn More






Financing a special and unique asset.
Learn More



 






 







Filter By:





Capabilities


Show All
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring and Planning
Credit & Banking




Topics


Show All

Tax Planning
Trusts and Estates
Non-Financial Assets
Philanthropy










Back to Top




AR-ARTPRMPV-EXP-2018.02.7























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






352F5F6B (JCF*******802)



   








Capital Acumen Online


































ISSUE 32: 2017



Follow us on:





Click here to send us your comments







Home
Features


Arts Special


Art in a New World


Arts Calendar 2017


Investment Spotlight


Anchored by Discipline and Patience


Future Perspective


Technology Gives Healthcare an Adrenaline Shot


Your Business


Putting the Success in Your Succession Plan


Philanthropy


Getting Your Giving Right


Global Insights


The Ripple Effect of Brexit



Our Insights


President's Letter


A Message From Keith Banks


Macro Analysis


Making Globalization Work for Everyone


Insights


Reducing the Tax Bite by Postponing It


Financial Empowerment: It’s a Woman Thing


Investment Outlook


New Administration, New Realities for Investors


In Brief


U.S. Trust Focuses on Impact Investing


Bank of America Commits to Carbon Neutrality by 2020



Archive

Issue 31: 2016
Issue 30: 2015
Issue 29: 2015


Videos


Private Wealth (Keith Banks)


Investment Management Video (Hyzy)


Art in a New World (Evan Beard)


2016 Wealth and Worth Video


Philanthropic Giving (Claire Costello)


Womenomics (Vanderbrug)


Women and Climate (Vanderbrug)


Do Municipal Bonds Make Sense (David Litvack Video)


What's the Outlook for fixed income post Brexit? (Chris Gunster Video)










In This Issue






A Message From Keith Banks

Read More





Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes.
Read More





Anchored by Discipline and Patience
The investment process at Schafer Cullen.
Read More





Technology Gives Healthcare an Adrenaline Shot
A future of opportunities.
Read More





Putting the Success in Your Succession Plan
5 steps to transfer or sale of your business.
Read More





Getting Your Giving Right
Philanthropic best practices can make charitable giving more impactful.
Read More





The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK’s vote point to an uncertain future — at least for the time being.
Read More





Making Globalization Work for Everyone
The benefits of globalization must be distributed more equitably.
Read More





Reducing the Tax Bite by Postponing It
Deferring income may be especially rewarding this year.
Read More





Financial Empowerment: It’s a Woman Thing
Women can bolster their financial acumen underutilized resource — each other.
Read More





New Administration, New Realities for Investors
The impact of potentially pro-growth policies.
Read More





U.S. Trust Focuses on Impact Investing
A primer, a web page and more.
Read More





Bank of America Commits to Carbon Neutrality by 2020
100% renewable electricity is part of the bank’s plan.
Read More



Back
More











Art in A New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Read more



Putting the Success in Your Succession Plan
5 steps to ensure that the transfer or sale of your business is right for you, your business and your family.
Read more



Reducing the Tax Bite by Postponing It
Imminent tax cuts could make deferring income especially rewarding this year. 
Read more



Getting Your Giving Right
Adopting philanthropic best practices can make one's charitable giving both more impactful and more satisfying.
Read more



Financial Empowerment: It's a Woman Thing
U.S. Trust seminars show that women can bolster their financial acumen by tapping a powerful but underutilized resource — each other.
Read more












Keith T. Banks
A message from Keith Banks
Read more



Christopher M. Hyzy
New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Read more



Mitchell A. Drossman
Reducing the Tax Bite by Postponing It
Read more



Karen Reynolds Sharkey
Putting the Success in Your Succession Plan
Read more



Rosemary Ringwald
Financial Empowerment: It's a Woman Thing
Read more



Evan Beard
Art in a New World
Read more



Robert T. McGee
Making Globalization Work for Everyone
Read more



Joseph P. Quinlan
Technology Gives Healthcare an Adrenaline Shot
Read more



Jackie Vanderbrug
U.S. Trust Focuses on Impact Investing
Read more



Karin Kimbrough
The Ripple Effect of Brexit
Read more


Our Experts:



























































Getting Your Giving Right





"Just as they would speak with a financial advisor about their investment portfolio, collectors can now turn to private banks like U.S. Trust to unlock capital from their collection."
—Evan Beard
National Art Services Executive, U.S. Trust
Read more


Technology Gives Healthcare a Shot of Adrenaline











Client Log In | 
          Find an Office Near You | 
          Have Us Contact You | 
          Our Capabilities |
          About Capital Acumen |
          Print Archive |
          U.S. Trust Home




Bank of America Home •
              Privacy & Security

Opinions expressed are subject to change. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
 The information and views are as of the date noted, are for informational purposes only, and are not intended to address the financial objectives, situation or specific needs of any individual investor. The information presented does not constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice or recommendations. 
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.


Investment products:


 Are Not FDIC Insured 
Are Not Bank Guaranteed 
 May Lose Value


U.S. Trust operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
Bank of America, N.A. and U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the “Bank”) do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services.  Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank. Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
© 2017 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.AR57QL4V
















Community Trust Bank














    Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.

Skip to main content















Search













 Log In



  
Select Account
Select Account

Personal Internet Banking
Business Internet Banking
Retirement Accounts 
Brokerage Accounts
Wealth & Trust 



GO

Enroll | Demo 



GO

Demo



GO


GO

Enroll



GO










I am sorry, an error has occurred.





Symbol
Price
Change







Add a Stock






Add a Stock
×



Symbol or Name

Find


Company


Add



No results were found. Try again.


This stock is already in the list.









































Discover






                        About CTB
                      






                        Hours & Locations
                      






                        Financial Calculators
                      






                        Investor Relations
                      






                        Contact Us
                      









MORTGAGE LOANS
Whether you're planning to purchase your first home, build a new home or hoping to set up a new residence, we provide a variety of terms and options.

 LEARN MORE





internet banking

Community Trust Bank Internet banking gives you the power to transfer money, pay bills, and more, all in a secure, convenient environment. 


Learn more












 JavaScript is not enabled.


	Awesome - Review by Guest | Community Trust & Invstmnt Co
































Judy's Book



near







Sign in




                    Owners
                


Help
























Community Trust & Invstmnt Co



                        Claim
                    







Community Trust & Invstmnt Co



Awesome
10/25/2016













5

Guest


                        Community Trust Bank was extremely helpful and answered my many questions very well. This experience made me thankful for doing business with them.
                        more



Reply |
                        

Report abuse


                            | 








                            Write review
                        


















Top 10 in Lexington -              Cafe's And Coffee Shops, Preschools, Dry Cleaning, Obstetricians,  More




        SUMMER DISCOUNT :
    

15% OFF all yearly plans


    Use YEAR15 at checkout. Expires 7/30/2017
    





















ABOUT
Help
About Us
Blog
Privacy Policy - Terms of Use




OUR SERVICES
Business Owners
Learning Center
Partners & Publishers
Advertise with us
Negotiated Perks
KidScore™




MY ACCOUNT
Sign In
Write A Review



























From family friendly trips with kid friendly activities to local plumbers lawyers, spas, and contractors.  Judy’s Book has millions of listings and reviews for the best and not so great.  Whether you’re looking for a specific business or just trying to discover great places we make it easy.  We’re a family oriented site focusing on bringing trusted reviews and recommendations to moms and others.   Green and Sustainable places are becoming more relevant to Judy’s Book users, have a favorite place?  Write a review and tell users why it’s Green!




EXPLORE BY CATEGORY

                    Automotive


                            Car Dealers

                            Towing

                            Mechanics



                    Business to Business


                            Manufacturing

                            Business Services



                    Civic & Community 


                            Libraries



                    Education & Instruction 


                            Elementary Schools

                            Colleges & Universities



                    Entertainment & Arts 


                            Museums & Galleries



                    Food & Dining 


                            Coffee Shops

                            Bakeries

                            Restaurants



                    Health & Medical 


                            Chiropractors

                            Dentists

                            Veterinarians







                    Other Professional Services

                    Animals & Pets

                    Legal & Financial 


                            Lawyers, Law Firms & Attorneys

                            Mortgages & Loans



                    Home & Garden 


                            Electricians

                            Plumbers

                            Windows & Doors



                    Personal Care 


                            Salons

                            Spas

                            Massage



                    Real Estate 

                    Retail Shopping 


                            Apparel



                    Sports & Recreation 

                    Travel & Transportation 


                            Hotels & Lodging

                            Movers



                    More...




ALL LOCATIONS

                    Atlanta, GA Reviews 
Austin,
                    TX Reviews 
Boston,
                    MA Reviews 
Chicago,
                    IL Reviews 

                    Cincinnati, OH Reviews 
Dallas,
                    TX Reviews 

                    Houston, TX Reviews 

                    Los Angeles, CA Reviews 

                    Minneapolis, MN Reviews 
New
                    York, NY Reviews 

                    Philadelphia, PA Reviews 

                    San Francisco, CA Reviews 
Seattle,
                    WA Reviews 
More...












 JavaScript is not enabled.


	Community Trust & Invstmnt Co - 1 Reviews - 100 E Vine St Ste 501, Lexington, KY - Banks & Financial Trust Services Reviews - Phone (859) 389-5300














































Judy's Book



near







Sign in




                    Owners
                


Help
























Community Trust & Invstmnt Co


                            Claim
                        







 5.0 















1                                            
                                            reviews
                                    


                                            Write review
                                        




            TrustScore®
            

            High
        






                            id: 29575345
                        







                                        100 E Vine St Ste 501
                                    

Lexington,
                                        KY
40507






                                    (859) 389-5300
                                



Incorrect info? Correct your
                                    listing












Business Links:
Citysearch Profile



Main categories:
Investment Services
                                ,
                                    Banks & Financial Trust Services



Related categories:
Legal & Financial
                                    ,
                                        Financial Services
                                    ,
                                        Trust Companies









Photos















Reviews



















( 
                1
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            






Best












Awesome


                                Community Trust Bank was extremely helpful and answered my many questions very well. This experience made me thankful for doing business with them.
                            




Worst


All reviews seem positive










Judy's Book (1)


Other sources (0)



                                    Write review
                                









Awesome
10/25/2016













5

Guest


                        Community Trust Bank was extremely helpful and answered my many questions very well. This experience made me thankful for doing business with them.
                        more



Reply |
                        

Report abuse


                            | 








 < Previous  1  Next > 
















        SUMMER DISCOUNT :
    

15% OFF all yearly plans


    Use YEAR15 at checkout. Expires 7/30/2017
    





Pin It




Owner Message



Yes, Star, NYCE Network
                            


































ABOUT
Help
About Us
Blog
Privacy Policy - Terms of Use




OUR SERVICES
Business Owners
Learning Center
Partners & Publishers
Advertise with us
Negotiated Perks
KidScore™




MY ACCOUNT
Sign In
Write A Review



























From family friendly trips with kid friendly activities to local plumbers lawyers, spas, and contractors.  Judy’s Book has millions of listings and reviews for the best and not so great.  Whether you’re looking for a specific business or just trying to discover great places we make it easy.  We’re a family oriented site focusing on bringing trusted reviews and recommendations to moms and others.   Green and Sustainable places are becoming more relevant to Judy’s Book users, have a favorite place?  Write a review and tell users why it’s Green!




EXPLORE BY CATEGORY

                    Automotive


                            Car Dealers

                            Towing

                            Mechanics



                    Business to Business


                            Manufacturing

                            Business Services



                    Civic & Community 


                            Libraries



                    Education & Instruction 


                            Elementary Schools

                            Colleges & Universities



                    Entertainment & Arts 


                            Museums & Galleries



                    Food & Dining 


                            Coffee Shops

                            Bakeries

                            Restaurants



                    Health & Medical 


                            Chiropractors

                            Dentists

                            Veterinarians







                    Other Professional Services

                    Animals & Pets

                    Legal & Financial 


                            Lawyers, Law Firms & Attorneys

                            Mortgages & Loans



                    Home & Garden 


                            Electricians

                            Plumbers

                            Windows & Doors



                    Personal Care 


                            Salons

                            Spas

                            Massage



                    Real Estate 

                    Retail Shopping 


                            Apparel



                    Sports & Recreation 

                    Travel & Transportation 


                            Hotels & Lodging

                            Movers



                    More...




ALL LOCATIONS

                    Atlanta, GA Reviews 
Austin,
                    TX Reviews 
Boston,
                    MA Reviews 
Chicago,
                    IL Reviews 

                    Cincinnati, OH Reviews 
Dallas,
                    TX Reviews 

                    Houston, TX Reviews 

                    Los Angeles, CA Reviews 

                    Minneapolis, MN Reviews 
New
                    York, NY Reviews 

                    Philadelphia, PA Reviews 

                    San Francisco, CA Reviews 
Seattle,
                    WA Reviews 
More...













 



























































Community Trust and Investment Company - Investing - 100 East Vine St, Lexington, KY - Phone Number - Yelp

  





















                        Skip to Search Form
                    sazyfyvzczqryuqrexsazyf



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

        








            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        











 












100 East Vine StSte 501Lexington, KY 40507


        (859) 389-5300
    






            Community Trust and Investment Company
        





Claimed
    


            This business has been claimed by the owner or a representative.
                Learn more






Investing






        Edit
        , Opens a popup

Edit category













Write a Review
    







            Add Photo
    






Share
, Opens a popup







Bookmark
, Opens a popup





















Get directions













































Swap start/end points
Start from












Start from
Swap start/end points











Community Trust and Investment Company


        100 East Vine St, Lexington, KY 40507
    




Get directions


























Edit




        100 East Vine StSte 501Lexington, KY 40507
    










Get Directions








Phone number

        (859) 389-5300
    






 
Business website
ctbi.com/ctic









        Message the business

    








Send to your Phone







Financial Services



Investing

















Community Trust and Investment Company…









Community Trust and Investment Company…










 Add Photos
    



































        Ad
    

Wall & Associates







3.4 Miles away from Community Trust and Investment Company
            








                    Wall & Associates, Inc. provides personalized attention to the details of each case, representing our clients in all dealings with the IRS, including responding to IRS communications on your behalf, and pursuing procedural…
            
read more



            in Financial Advising, Debt Relief Services, Tax Services
        















        Ad
    

Allstate Insurance Agent: Asa Pham






            2 reviews
    







3.9 Miles away from Community Trust and Investment Company
            









Anna M. said
    
    "Everyone here goes out of their way to make sure all my questions are always answered. They genuinely care about my needs and are well informed. I have recommended them to all my friends and family!"
            
read more



            in Insurance
        










Ask the Community


                Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about Community Trust and Investment Company.
            
Ask a Question













Rating



1 (Eek! Methinks not.)



2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)



3 (A-OK.)



4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)



5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)






                    Hey there trendsetter! You could be the first review for Community Trust and Investment Company.
                





From the business

Specialties

            Community Trust and Investment Company, headquartered in Lexington, KY, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  We stress a diversified approach to investing, always keeping at the forefront your unique needs while carefully managing and growing your assets.  Our experienced team, with a global network of experts at their disposal, has the means to service your  accounts and manage your assets specifically to meet your objectives.  Community Trust and Investment Company is Kentucky-based, which allows for local decision making and increased availability for our clients.
        









Report






Photos for Community Trust and Investment Company








            Community Trust and Investment Company Headquarters
        










            Community Trust and Investment Company Executive Team
        











                                    You Might Also Consider
                            













        Ad
    

Allstate Insurance Agent: Philip Humphries







12.7 Miles away from Community Trust and Investment Company
            








                    As an Allstate agent in Versailles, I've gotten to know a lot of local families. I enjoy being a part of the community, and building relationships is one of the best parts of my job. I know what life is like in Versailles…
            
read more



            in Insurance
        









Business info summary












Today

8:00 am - 5:00 pm
Open now










            Hours
        



Mon

8:00 am - 5:00 pm





Tue

8:00 am - 5:00 pm





Wed

8:00 am - 5:00 pm





Thu

8:00 am - 5:00 pm





Fri

8:00 am - 5:00 pm


Open now



Sat

            Closed
        




Sun

            Closed
        










Edit business info
    



                Upcoming Special Hours
            



Mon 9/4/2017

                Closed
            


Mon 10/9/2017

                Closed
            


Thu 11/23/2017

                Closed
            


Mon 12/25/2017

                Closed
            



Show more


Other Investing Nearby




                        Find more Investing near Community Trust and Investment Company
                    





Browse nearby








Restaurants









Nightlife









Shopping









Show all











Rating Details





                    5 stars
                





0






                    4 stars
                





0






                    3 stars
                





0






                    2 stars
                





0






                    1 star
                





0





We calculate the overall star rating using only reviews that our automated software currently recommends. Learn more.




Text to Phone












                    Oops, looks like something’s wrong. Try again!
                


×














                    Are you a human? Please complete the bot challenge below.
                


×














Sent! Check your phone to view the link now!
                


×


















Community Trust and Investment Company



Investing


Lexington, KY




Text a link to your phone so you can quickly get directions, see photos, and read reviews on the go!





+1






















Text Link


                            Your carrier’s rates may apply
                        


















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    





































 JavaScript is not enabled.


	Community Trust & Invstmnt Co - 1 Reviews - 100 E Vine St Ste 501, Lexington, KY - Banks & Financial Trust Services Reviews - Phone (859) 389-5300














































Judy's Book



near







Sign in




                    Owners
                


Help
























Community Trust & Invstmnt Co


                            Claim
                        







 5.0 















1                                            
                                            reviews
                                    


                                            Write review
                                        




            TrustScore®
            

            High
        






                            id: 29575345
                        







                                        100 E Vine St Ste 501
                                    

Lexington,
                                        KY
40507






                                    (859) 389-5300
                                



Incorrect info? Correct your
                                    listing












Business Links:
Citysearch Profile



Main categories:
Investment Services
                                ,
                                    Banks & Financial Trust Services



Related categories:
Legal & Financial
                                    ,
                                        Financial Services
                                    ,
                                        Trust Companies









Photos















Reviews



















( 
                1
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            






Best












Awesome


                                Community Trust Bank was extremely helpful and answered my many questions very well. This experience made me thankful for doing business with them.
                            




Worst


All reviews seem positive










Judy's Book (1)


Other sources (0)



                                    Write review
                                









Awesome
10/25/2016













5

Guest


                        Community Trust Bank was extremely helpful and answered my many questions very well. This experience made me thankful for doing business with them.
                        more



Reply |
                        

Report abuse


                            | 








 < Previous  1  Next > 
















        SUMMER DISCOUNT :
    

15% OFF all yearly plans


    Use YEAR15 at checkout. Expires 7/30/2017
    





Pin It




Owner Message



Yes, Star, NYCE Network
                            


































ABOUT
Help
About Us
Blog
Privacy Policy - Terms of Use




OUR SERVICES
Business Owners
Learning Center
Partners & Publishers
Advertise with us
Negotiated Perks
KidScore™




MY ACCOUNT
Sign In
Write A Review



























From family friendly trips with kid friendly activities to local plumbers lawyers, spas, and contractors.  Judy’s Book has millions of listings and reviews for the best and not so great.  Whether you’re looking for a specific business or just trying to discover great places we make it easy.  We’re a family oriented site focusing on bringing trusted reviews and recommendations to moms and others.   Green and Sustainable places are becoming more relevant to Judy’s Book users, have a favorite place?  Write a review and tell users why it’s Green!




EXPLORE BY CATEGORY

                    Automotive


                            Car Dealers

                            Towing

                            Mechanics



                    Business to Business


                            Manufacturing

                            Business Services



                    Civic & Community 


                            Libraries



                    Education & Instruction 


                            Elementary Schools

                            Colleges & Universities



                    Entertainment & Arts 


                            Museums & Galleries



                    Food & Dining 


                            Coffee Shops

                            Bakeries

                            Restaurants



                    Health & Medical 


                            Chiropractors

                            Dentists

                            Veterinarians







                    Other Professional Services

                    Animals & Pets

                    Legal & Financial 


                            Lawyers, Law Firms & Attorneys

                            Mortgages & Loans



                    Home & Garden 


                            Electricians

                            Plumbers

                            Windows & Doors



                    Personal Care 


                            Salons

                            Spas

                            Massage



                    Real Estate 

                    Retail Shopping 


                            Apparel



                    Sports & Recreation 

                    Travel & Transportation 


                            Hotels & Lodging

                            Movers



                    More...




ALL LOCATIONS

                    Atlanta, GA Reviews 
Austin,
                    TX Reviews 
Boston,
                    MA Reviews 
Chicago,
                    IL Reviews 

                    Cincinnati, OH Reviews 
Dallas,
                    TX Reviews 

                    Houston, TX Reviews 

                    Los Angeles, CA Reviews 

                    Minneapolis, MN Reviews 
New
                    York, NY Reviews 

                    Philadelphia, PA Reviews 

                    San Francisco, CA Reviews 
Seattle,
                    WA Reviews 
More...


























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


