

Community First Bancshares, Inc. (Union City, TN): Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:49 AM ET
Banks

Company Overview of Community First Bancshares, Inc. (Union City, TN)



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of February 27, 2015, Community First Bancshares, Inc. was acquired by Simmons First National Corporation .Community First Bancshares, Inc. operates as a bank holding company for First State Bank which offers personal and commercial banking services. It was formerly known as Sharon Bancshares, Inc. and changed its name to Community First Bancshares, Inc. in June 1999. The company was incorporated in 1986 and is based in Union City, Tennessee.


115 West Washington AvenueUnion City, TN 38261United StatesFounded in 1986



Phone: 731-886-8800

Fax: 731-886-8801

www.first-state.net







Key Executives for Community First Bancshares, Inc. (Union City, TN)


Community First Bancshares, Inc. (Union City, TN) does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1854 Bancorp United States 1889 Bancorp MHC United States 1st Financial Bank USA United States 1st Manatee Bank United States 1st National Bank United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Community First Bancshares, Inc. (Union City, TN), please visit www.first-state.net.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 

COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) Files An 8-K Other Events     SEC Filings  COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) Files An 8-K Other Events  ByME Staff 8-k -April 27, 2017 66  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) Files An 8-K Other Events

Item 8.01 Other Events.

 On April 27, 2017, Newton Federal Bank announced that it had closed its mutual holding company reorganization, and Community First Bancshares, Inc. had closed its related stock offering. A copy of the press release announcing these actions is attached as exhibit 99 to this Current Report. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits Exhibit Description       Press release dated April 27, 2017

  About COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) First Community Bancshares, Inc. is a financial holding company. The Company provides commercial banking products and services through its subsidiary First Community Bank (the Bank). The Bank operates as First Community Bank in Virginia, West Virginia, and North Carolina and People’s Community Bank, a Division of First Community Bank, in Tennessee. It provides insurance services through its subsidiary First Community Insurance Services, and offers wealth management and investment advice through its Trust Division and subsidiary First Community Wealth Management. Its products include demand deposit accounts, savings and money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and individual retirement arrangements; commercial, consumer, and real estate mortgage loans and lines of credit; various credit card, debit card, and automated teller machine card services; corporate and personal trust services; investment management services, and life, health, and property and casualty insurance products. COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) Recent Trading Information COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) closed its last trading session down -0.10 at 27.24 with 49,432 shares trading hands.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      Vista Outdoor Inc. (NYSE:VSTO) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain...    ALCOA CORPORATION (NYSE:AA) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    FREIGHTCAR AMERICA, INC. (NASDAQ:RAIL) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain...     SLM CORPORATION (NASDAQ:ISM) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    KKR Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers    Harte Hanks,Inc. (NYSE:HHS) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Vista Outdoor Inc. (NYSE:VSTO) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 
 ALCOA CORPORATION (NYSE:AA) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 FREIGHTCAR AMERICA, INC. (NASDAQ:RAIL) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 
 SLM CORPORATION (NASDAQ:ISM) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 KKR Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Biotech Movers: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:VRTX) and Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:INO)  July 19, 2017   Here’s What Just Happened With Puma Biotechnology, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBYI) and CymaBay...  July 18, 2017   Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37949LSE1947Stocks1361Tech News1256Biotech Stocks1174Stock Market News1118Small Caps715Analyst Ratings646Canada470   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 






























 

COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) Files An 8-K Other Events     SEC Filings  COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) Files An 8-K Other Events  ByME Staff 8-k -April 25, 2017 112  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) Files An 8-K Other EventsItem 8.01 Other Events.Community First Bancshares, Inc. (the “Company”), the proposed holding company for Newton Federal Bank (the “Bank”), is expected to close its stock offering on Thursday, April 27, 2017. The Company’s common stock is expected to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol “CFBI” beginning on Friday, April 28, 2017. The stock offering is being conducted in connection with the Bank’s reorganization into the mutual holding company structure.A total of 3,467,595 shares of common stock are expected to be issued in the subscription offering at a price of $10.00 per share. The offering was oversubscribed by eligible account holders who had a first-tier priority (those depositors having a qualifying deposit as of September 30, 2015) in the subscription offering, and the employee stock ownership plan (the “ESOP”). Accordingly, shares will be allocated to first tier subscribers and the ESOP in accordance with the Bank’s Plan of Reorganization from a Mutual Savings Association to a Mutual Holding Company and Stock Issuance Plan, as amended, as described in the Company’s Prospectus. No shares will be sold to other subscribers in the subscription offering.At the closing of the reorganization and offering, the Bank will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and the Company will issue and sell 46% of its to be outstanding shares to subscribers in the offering, and will issue 54% of its to be outstanding shares to Community First Bancshares, MHC, the Company’s proposed federally-chartered mutual holding company, which will own a majority of the Company’s shares.Some eligible account holders may not receive all shares for which they subscribed. Eligible account holders wishing to confirm their allocations may do so by contacting the Stock Information Center at (678) 729-9788. The Stock Information Center is open Monday through Friday, between 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time.This current report contains certain forward-looking statements about the reorganization and stock offering. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding anticipated future events and can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include words such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” and “intend” or future or conditional verbs such as “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” or “may”. Forward-looking statements, by their nature, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Certain factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected results include delays in consummation of the offering, increased competitive pressures, changes in the interest rate environment, general economic conditions or conditions within the securities markets, and legislative and regulatory changes that could adversely affect the business in which the Company and the Bank are engaged.A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. This current report is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy common stock. The offer is made only by means of the written prospectus forming part of the registration statement.The shares of common stock are not savings accounts or savings deposits, may lose value and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.     About COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) First Community Bancshares, Inc. is a financial holding company. The Company provides commercial banking products and services through its subsidiary First Community Bank (the Bank). The Bank operates as First Community Bank in Virginia, West Virginia, and North Carolina and People’s Community Bank, a Division of First Community Bank, in Tennessee. It provides insurance services through its subsidiary First Community Insurance Services, and offers wealth management and investment advice through its Trust Division and subsidiary First Community Wealth Management. Its products include demand deposit accounts, savings and money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and individual retirement arrangements; commercial, consumer, and real estate mortgage loans and lines of credit; various credit card, debit card, and automated teller machine card services; corporate and personal trust services; investment management services, and life, health, and property and casualty insurance products. COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) Recent Trading Information COMMUNITY FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FCBC) closed its last trading session up +0.71 at 26.18 with 24,591 shares trading hands. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. (NYSE:AIG) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of...    SKYLINE CORPORATION (NYSEMKT:SKY) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers    Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:XBIO) Files An 8-K Other Events     INTERACTIVE BROKERS GROUP, INC. (NASDAQ:IBKR) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    MERCARI COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, LTD. (OTCMKTS:MCAR) Files An 8-K Changes in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant    New Media Investment Group Inc. (NYSE:NEWM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Analyst Activity – Barclays PLC Reiterates Buy on Talend S.A. (NASDAQ:TLND) 
 Analyst Activity – Barclays PLC Reiterates Hold on Charles River Laboratories International (NYSE:CRL) 
 Analyst Activity – Barclays PLC Reiterates Hold on Quest Diagnostics (NYSE:DGX) 
 Analyst Activity – Barclays PLC Reiterates Hold on Varonis Systems (NASDAQ:VRNS) 
 Analyst Activity – Barclays PLC Reiterates Buy on Talend S.A. (NASDAQ:TLND) 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Here’s What Just Happened With Puma Biotechnology, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBYI) and CymaBay...  July 18, 2017   Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017   Biotech Movers: TESARO Inc (NASDAQ:TSRO) and Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL)  July 14, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37821LSE1947Stocks1361Tech News1252Biotech Stocks1171Stock Market News1117Small Caps712Canada470Press Releases453   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 









































Community First Bancshares, Inc. Competitors - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search
























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    CFBI > 
    Competitors













Community First Bancshares, Inc. Competitors 


CFBI 
$13.06
*  
0.06

0.46%
Get CFBI Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 27, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading CFBI now
				        




Exchange:NASDAQ 
Industry: Finance 
Community Rating:  
View: 
 
				    CFBI Pre-Market



















CFBI





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks












Competitor Industry: Savings Institutions












Community First Bancshares, Inc.








CompanyName ▲ 

Symbol:
		                            Market


LastSale


NetChange


Volume


Today's High /
Low


52 Weeks High /
Low


P / E Ratio


Market Cap





1st Constitution Bancorp (NJ)FCCY: NASDAQ-GM
$ 17.20 
0.05 ▲
1,181
$ 17.20$ 17.15
$ 20.85$ 12.198
16.54
138,064


Access National CorporationANCX: NASDAQ-GM
$ 26.59 
0.26 ▲
49,875
$ 26.6699$ 26.16
$ 33.18$ 21.0159
20.77
539,937


ASB Bancorp, Inc.ASBB: NASDAQ-GM
$ 45 
-0.50 ▼
3,000
$ 45.20$ 44.35
$ 46$ 24.56
97.83
170,460


Astoria Financial CorporationAF: NYSE
$ 19.79 
0.20 ▲
522,989
$ 20.06$ 19.49
$ 21.66$ 14.11
34.12
2,013,158


Atlantic Coast Financial CorporationACFC: NASDAQ-GM
$ 7.80 
0.02 ▲
8,423
$ 7.84$ 7.55
$ 8.35$ 5.84
19.02
121,321


Bancorp 34, Inc.BCTF: NASDAQ-CM
$ 14.20 
0.20 ▲
1,005
$ 14.20$ 14.14
$ 14.30$ 11.35
NE
48,820


Bank Mutual CorporationBKMU: NASDAQ-GS
$ 9.70 
unch 
251,964
$ 9.85$ 9.60
$ 10.20$ 7.31
26.94
445,540


BankFinancial CorporationBFIN: NASDAQ-GS
$ 14.92 
0.02 ▲
26,696
$ 15.06$ 14.83
$ 15.31$ 12.02
38.26
274,215


BankUnited, Inc.BKU: NYSE
$ 34.92 
0.27 ▲
4,043,076
$ 35.12$ 34.46
$ 41$ 28.13
15.66
3,730,469


BCB Bancorp, Inc. (NJ)BCBP: NASDAQ-GM
$ 15.05 
unch 
7,290
$ 15.10$ 14.95
$ 17.05$ 10.5101
17.5
169,915


Beneficial Bancorp, Inc.BNCL: NASDAQ-GS
$ 15.50 
-0.05 ▼
148,236
$ 15.80$ 15.45
$ 19$ 13.43
32.29
1,186,525


BofI Holding, Inc.BOFI: NASDAQ-GS
$ 24.89 
-0.31 ▼
1,080,937
$ 26.17$ 24.88
$ 32.57$ 15.29
12.2
1,577,777


BofI Holding, Inc.BOFIL: NASDAQ-GS
$ 25.55 
-0.40 ▼
3,052
$ 25.9499$ 25.55
$ 29.95$ 23.02
NE
52,122


Broadway Financial CorporationBYFC: NASDAQ-CM
$ 2.59 
-0.05 ▼
14,700
$ 2.64$ 2.51
$ 2.67$ 1.42
17.27
48,420


Brookline Bancorp, Inc.BRKL: NASDAQ-GS
$ 14.75 
unch 
193,742
$ 14.95$ 14.625
$ 17.45$ 11.07
19.16
1,128,670


Capitol Federal Financial, Inc.CFFN: NASDAQ-GS
$ 14.07 
0.22 ▲
389,640
$ 14.23$ 13.90
$ 17.04$ 13.55
22.69
1,944,502


Carver Bancorp, Inc.CARV: NASDAQ-CM
$ 3.12 
-0.07 ▼
2,024
$ 3.15$ 3.12
$ 6.61$ 2.82
NE
11,532


Central Federal CorporationCFBK: NASDAQ-CM
$ 2.19 
0.04 ▲
9,599
$ 2.20$ 2.1164
$ 3.64$ 1.30
36.5
35,673


Charter Financial Corp.CHFN: NASDAQ-CM
$ 18.76 
-0.15 ▼
25,940
$ 19.115$ 18.63
$ 21.105$ 12.51
18.04
282,769


Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc.CZWI: NASDAQ-GM
$ 14 
-0.17 ▼
2,099
$ 14.18$ 14
$ 14.43$ 9.26
21.54
73,738


Clifton Bancorp Inc.CSBK: NASDAQ-GS
$ 16.56 
0.07 ▲
44,564
$ 16.84$ 16.50
$ 17.49$ 14.50
66.24
381,277


Coastway Bancorp, Inc.CWAY: NASDAQ-CM
$ 20.50 
unch 

n/an/a
$ 20.8195$ 12.445
NE
90,036


Codorus Valley Bancorp, IncCVLY: NASDAQ-GM
$ 27.99 
-0.08 ▼
7,287
$ 28.25$ 27.80
$ 29.56$ 19.0642
16.75
236,180


Community First Bancshares, Inc.CFBI: NASDAQ-CM
$ 13.06 
-0.06 ▼
47,100
$ 13.12$ 12.95
$ 15$ 11.52
NE
98,446


Dime Community Bancshares, Inc.DCOM: NASDAQ-GS
$ 20.35 
-0.10 ▼
167,377
$ 20.65$ 20.225
$ 22.475$ 16.10
22.36
765,852







<< first< previous123next >last >>


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































Equity Bancshares, Inc. Announces Merger Agreement  With Community First Bancshares, Inc. Nasdaq:EQBK









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In














Equity Bancshares, Inc. Announces Merger Agreement  With Community First Bancshares, Inc.
Proposed transaction would add five Arkansas branches to Equity Bank network 



















July 14, 2016 16:54 ET

 | Source: Equity Bancshares, Inc.






WICHITA, Kan., July  14, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Equity Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:EQBK) (“Equity,” or “the Company”), parent company of Equity Bank, announced today it has entered into a definitive merger agreement with Community First Bancshares, Inc. (“Community First,” or “CFBI”) of Harrison, Arkansas. Equity will acquire all outstanding common shares of CFBI pursuant to the definitive merger agreement. Community First Bancshares, Inc., headquartered in Harrison, Arkansas, is the holding company of Community First Bank and its five branch locations in Arkansas: Harrison (2), Berryville, Eureka Springs, and Pea Ridge. CFBI ranks first in deposit market share in Harrison and in the top four within each of the communities it serves. As of March 31, 2016, Community First Bank had total assets of $475 million, net loans of $352 million, and $395 million in deposits. Following the consummation of the transaction, Community First Bank will merge with and into Equity Bank, subject to receipt of customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions, as well as the approvals of Equity and CFBI shareholders and CFBI’s disposition of its ownership interest in White River Bancshares, Inc. The transaction is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2016. Equity reported $1.5 billion in consolidated total assets, net loans of $935 million, and deposits of $1.2 billion as of March 31, 2016, and net income of $3.4 million during the first quarter, ended March 31, 2016. Equity operates 29 Equity Bank offices in Kansas and Missouri. The proposed merger will be Equity’s tenth strategic transaction in the past 14 years and first since the Company completed its initial public offering on November 16, 2015. The merger with CFBI will add a third state to Equity’s footprint. “We’re fortunate to collaborate with a community bank similar to ours in people, scope, mission, and philosophy,” said Brad Elliott, Chairman and CEO of Equity. “Our partnership with Community First is an opportunity to strengthen our two companies as one. We believe that this transaction continues Equity’s model of adding mid-size markets to supplement its metropolitan areas of Kansas City and Wichita.  The individuals joining our team have consistently served as a resource for their customers and local communities. Equity will continue our mission to serve as the best of both worlds - with sophisticated products and services delivered through the feel of a hometown, community bank. We are proud to continue to build on Community First’s success.” “We’re pleased to join Equity, and to find a partner dedicated to the continued service and partnership within our local communities,” said Jerry Maland, Chairman, President and CEO of CFBI. “Equity shares our approach to local decision making and straightforward customer service, as well as a similar client approach, culture, and operating styles. We think our customers will benefit from the additional products and service of a strong bank network, dedicated to the continued growth of our Arkansas employees, customers and communities. In addition, our customers can count on continued local service by our Board and our key Community First leaders, including Dave Morton, Ann Main, and Danny Criner.” Following the transaction’s completion, CFBI Directors will continue their service as Arkansas community board members to Equity’s Arkansas markets. Equity will add two directors from CFBI’s Board of Directors to serve on the Equity Board of Directors. Equity also will retain key management in its Arkansas market, including Ann Main promoted to Arkansas Market Leader, David Morton as Arkansas CEO, and Danny Criner remaining as Chief Credit Officer of Arkansas locations while serving on Equity’s loan committee. At the close of the transaction, Equity will be comprised of approximately $2.1 billion in assets and 34 branch offices across its three-state footprint of Arkansas, Kansas and Missouri. The combined institution is expected to include $1.7 billion in deposits and $1.4 billion in loans. Based on $2.1 billion in consolidated assets, the combined company would be the third largest bank holding company headquartered in Kansas at the time of this release. Under the terms of the agreement, approved by the boards of directors of Equity and CFBI, at the effective time of merger the shareholders of CFBI will have the right to receive an aggregate consideration of approximately $185.74 per share. The definitive agreement provides that each outstanding share of CFBI common stock will represent the right to receive a fixed exchange ratio of 7.261 shares of Equity Class A common stock and $27.30 in cash. Equity will issue a total of 2,690,000 shares worth approximately $58.7 million, based upon Equity’s stock valued at $21.82 per share, based on the closing price as of July 12, 2016, and pay an aggregate of $10.1 million in cash to CFBI shareholders. The aggregate transaction value of $68.8 million represents approximately 129% of stated tangible common equity of CFBI, and approximately 153% of adjusted tangible common equity, when excluding an approximate $8.2 million investment in White River Bancshares to be distributed to CFBI shareholders prior to completion of the merger. The actual aggregate transaction value may be subject to equity adjustments prior to closing, as further set forth in the definitive merger agreement. Equity expects the merger to be approximately 26% accretive to diluted earnings per share in 2017, and 25% accretive to earnings per share in 2018, with transaction-related and one-time costs of approximately $6.6 million. Equity expects the merger to be approximately 9.0% dilutive to tangible book value per share at closing, inclusive of the estimated purchase accounting adjustments, and expects the tangible book value earnback to be approximately 3.5 years. Finally, Equity expects to remain above all “Well Capitalized” capital ratios as defined by regulatory guidelines, inclusive of the impact of all estimated purchase accounting adjustments. Equity Bancshares, Inc. was advised by Keefe, Bruyette and Woods, a Stifel company, and Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP as legal counsel. Community First Bancshares, Inc. was advised by Stephens Inc., and Bryan Cave LLP as legal counsel. Conference Call and Webcast Equity Bancshares, Inc. will host a conference call on Thursday, July 14, 2016 at 4:30 p.m. central time to discuss its merger with Community First Bancshares, Inc. Participants may dial into the call toll-free at (877) 637-1713 from anywhere in the U.S. or (503) 406-4038 internationally, using conference ID no. 38842168. Participants are encouraged to dial into the call approximately 10 minutes prior to the start time. Investors, news media, and other participants may also view the webcast at investor.equitybank.com. A replay of the call and webcast will be available two hours following the close of the call until July 22, 2016, accessible at (855) 859-2056 or investor.equitybank.com.    Equity will post presentation slides on its website to be addressed by management during the call. The slides will be available for download on Equity’s website approximately one hour before the start of the call. Please note that slides will not advance automatically if streaming call or listening to conference call audio. About Equity Bancshares, Inc. Equity Bancshares, Inc. is the holding company for Equity Bank, offering a full range of financial solutions, including commercial loans, consumer banking, mortgage loans, and treasury management services. As of March 31, 2016, Equity had $1.5 billion in consolidated total assets, with 29 locations throughout Kansas and Missouri, including corporate headquarters in Wichita and branches throughout the Kansas City metropolitan area. Equity provides an enhanced banking experience for customers through a suite of sophisticated banking products and services tailored to their needs, while delivering the high-quality, relationship-based customer service of a community bank. Equity’s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “EQBK.” Learn more at www.equitybank.com. About Community First Bancshares, Inc. Community First Bancshares, Inc. is the holding company for Community First Bank, offering simple and straightforward community banking products with proven staff and service, with the mission of enhancing the financial condition of partners in the great communities served. Founded in 1997, CFBI offices are located in Harrison, Berryville, Eureka Springs, and Pea Ridge, Arkansas. Additional Information for Investors and Shareholders The information contained herein does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. In connection with the proposed merger of Equity and CFBI, Equity will file a registration statement on Form S-4 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The registration statement will include a joint proxy statement of Equity and CFBI, which also will constitute a prospectus of Equity, which Equity and CFBI will send to their respective shareholders. Investors and shareholders are advised to read the joint proxy statement/prospectus when it becomes available because it will contain important information about Equity, CFBI and the proposed transaction. These documents will contain important information relating to the proposed transaction. When filed, this document and other documents relating to the merger filed by Equity can be obtained free of charge from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. These documents also can be obtained free of charge by accessing Equity's website at www.equitybank.com under the tab “Investor Relations” and then under “Financials.” Alternatively, these documents, when available, can be obtained free of charge from Equity by directing a request to Equity Bancshares, Inc., 7701 East Kellogg, Wichita, Kansas 67207, Attention: John J. Hanley, SVP and Director of Investor Relations, Telephone: (316) 612-6000; or to Community First Bancshares, Inc., 200 E. Ridge Avenue, Harrison, Arkansas, Attention: Jerry Maland, Chairman, President & CEO, Telephone: (870) 391-8069. Participants in the Transaction Equity, CFBI and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed under the rules of the SEC to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the respective shareholders of Equity and CFBI in connection with the proposed transaction. Certain information regarding the interests of these participants and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be included in the joint proxy statement/prospectus regarding the proposed transaction when it becomes available. Additional information about Equity and its directors and officers may be found in the definitive proxy statement of Equity relating to its 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the SEC on March 28, 2016 and Equity's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on March 17, 2016. The definitive proxy statement and annual report can be obtained free of charge from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. No Offer or Solicitation  This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to sell, or the solicitation or an offer to buy any securities. There will be no sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirement of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Special Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements  This press release contains “forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  These forward-looking statements reflect the current views of Equity’s management with respect to, among other things, future events and Equity’s financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as “may,” “should,” “could,” “predict,” “potential,” “believe,” “will likely result,” “expect,” “continue,” “will,” “anticipate,” “seek,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “project,” “forecast,” “goal,” “target,” “would” and “outlook,” or the negative variations of those words or other comparable words of a future or forward-looking nature.  These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about Equity’s industry, management’s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond Equity’s control. Accordingly, Equity cautions you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although Equity believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.  Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Equity’s expectations include competition from other financial institutions and bank holding companies; the effects of and changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve Board; changes in the demand for loans; fluctuations in value of collateral and loan reserves; inflation, interest rate, market and monetary fluctuations; changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; and acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses, and similar variables. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. For discussion of these and other risks that may cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” in Equity’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2016 and any updates to those risk factors set forth in Equity’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. If one or more events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if Equity’s underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from what Equity anticipates. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and Equity does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict those events or how they may affect us. In addition, Equity cannot assess the impact of each factor on Equity’s business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that Equity or persons acting on Equity’s behalf may issue. Annualized, pro forma, projected and estimated numbers are used for illustrative purpose only, are not forecasts and may not reflect actual results.EQBK Contact:
John Hanley
SVP, Director of Investor Relations
913-583-8004
jhanley@equitybank.com

CFBI Contact:
Jerry Maland
Chairman, President & CEO
870-391-8069
maland@communityfirstbank.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Equity Bancshares, Inc.


Equity Bancshares, Inc. Reports Record Second Quarter and Record Year-to-Date 2017 Results
July 20, 2017 16:30


Equity Bancshares, Inc. Expands Into Oklahoma, Announces Two Merger Agreements  With Eastman National Bank and Patriot Bank
July 17, 2017 08:00


Equity Bancshares, Inc. Will Announce Q2 2017 Results on July 20, 2017
July 12, 2017 16:15


Equity Bancshares Promotes Julie Huber to New Strategic Leadership Role
May 22, 2017 08:00


Equity Bancshares, Inc. Reports Record First Quarter 2017 Results
April 20, 2017 16:30






947



other news releases in

Calendar of Events

in the last 30 days
                            






161



other news releases in

Mergers and Acquisitions

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Equity Bancshares, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Wichita, Kansas, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
EQBK Contact:
John Hanley
SVP, Director of Investor Relations
913-583-8004
jhanley@equitybank.com

CFBI Contact:
Jerry Maland
Chairman, President & CEO
870-391-8069
maland@communityfirstbank.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Equity Bancshares, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        









CFB black.jpg






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





First Community Bank - HomeCorporate OverviewCorporate ProfileCorporate StructureOfficers & DirectorsGovernance DocumentsCommittee ChartingStock InformationStock InfoHistoric PricesCapital OfferingsDividendsBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorSEC FilingsDocumentsInsider FilingsInsider OwnershipInstitutional OwnershipFinancial InformationFinancial HighlightsFinancial ChartingBalance SheetIncome StatementDeposit Loan CompositionDeposit MarketshareBranch MapPeer AnalysisAs-Reported FinancialsBalance SheetIncome StatementCash Flow StatementNews & Market DataPress ReleasesEvent CalendarMergers & AcquisitionsAnalyst CoveragePresentationsCompany TearsheetOther InformationOrganizational Actions ReportInformation RequestEmail NotificationRSS FeedsFrequently Asked QuestionsIR Site MapEntire IR SitePress Releases Only 
                                                             
                                Filings Only
                             Officers & DirectorsClick on a person's name or image to view his or her biography. Click on a person's name to view his or her biography.Senior ManagementGary R. MillsPresidentMr. Mills has served as President of the Corporation and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of First Community Bank since August 31, 2013, and has been employed by the Corporation since 1998. Mr. Mills served as Chief Executive Officer of the Princeton Division of First Community Bank from 1998 until 2005; Senior Vice President of Credit Administration from 2005 to 2006; and most recently as Chief Credit Officer of the Corporation from 2007 until his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Mills is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Accounting from Concord University.William P. Stafford IIChief Executive OfficerMr. Stafford is a graduate of Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, Blacksburg, Virginia, and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering. He received his Juris Doctor, cum laude, from Washington & Lee University School of Law, Lexington, Virginia. Mr. Stafford has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation since his appointment by the Board in August 2013. Mr. Stafford practices as a member of his firm primarily in the areas of commercial transactions, banking, creditor’s rights, creditor bankruptcy, and trusts and estates. He currently serves as Chairman of the Board of the Corporation. Mr. Stafford serves as Director and Corporate Secretary of the H. P. and Anne S. Hunnicutt Foundation, Inc., Princeton Machinery Service, Inc., and Melrose Enterprises, Ltd. He is a member of Stafford Farms, LLC, Vermillion Development, LLC, and Walnut Hill, LLC, which include real estate and agricultural holdings. Mr. Stafford is a partner in Legal Realty, A Partnership. Mr. Stafford previously served as a member of the West Virginia Infrastructure and Jobs Development Council. Mr. Stafford previously served as a council member and Mayor of the City of Princeton, West Virginia. Mr. Stafford has served, and continues to serve, on numerous civic and community service boards and commissions. Mr. Stafford’s relevant experience qualifying him for service as a director includes: a broad range of regulatory, business, legal and banking related issues encountered in the practice of law; extensive state and municipal government service; extensive civic and community service; and twenty-one (21) years of board service for the Corporation.David D. Brown VChief Financial Officer and SecretaryMr. Brown has been Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of the Corporation and First Community Bank since May 2006, and has been employed by the Corporation since 2005. Prior to joining the Corporation, Mr. Brown served in various positions including Corporate Auditor of United Bankshares, Inc. from 1999 to 2005. From 1997 to 1999, Mr. Brown practiced in the field of public accounting, concentrating his work on tax, accounting, and auditing across a variety of industries. Mr. Brown is a Certified Public Accountant and holds Master of Public Accountancy and Bachelor of Science degrees from West Virginia University.E. Stephen LillyChief Operating Officer and Executive Vice PresidentMr. Lilly has been Chief Operating Officer (“COO”) of the Corporation and First Community Bank since June 2000. Mr. Lilly has been employed by the Corporation since 1997. Mr. Lilly has also served in a variety of banking positions and capacities with the Corporation and other banking organizations where he supervised and managed a number of operational elements, implemented new technologies, and successfully migrated and consolidated bank operations and data. Mr. Lilly also has significant experience in process engineering and customer service management.Board of DirectorsWilliam P. Stafford IIChairman of the BoardMr. Stafford is a graduate of Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, Blacksburg, Virginia, and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering. He received his Juris Doctor, cum laude, from Washington & Lee University School of Law, Lexington, Virginia. Mr. Stafford has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation since his appointment by the Board in August 2013. Mr. Stafford practices as a member of his firm primarily in the areas of commercial transactions, banking, creditor’s rights, creditor bankruptcy, and trusts and estates. He currently serves as Chairman of the Board of the Corporation. Mr. Stafford serves as Director and Corporate Secretary of the H. P. and Anne S. Hunnicutt Foundation, Inc., Princeton Machinery Service, Inc., and Melrose Enterprises, Ltd. He is a member of Stafford Farms, LLC, Vermillion Development, LLC, and Walnut Hill, LLC, which include real estate and agricultural holdings. Mr. Stafford is a partner in Legal Realty, A Partnership. Mr. Stafford previously served as a member of the West Virginia Infrastructure and Jobs Development Council. Mr. Stafford previously served as a council member and Mayor of the City of Princeton, West Virginia. Mr. Stafford has served, and continues to serve, on numerous civic and community service boards and commissions. Mr. Stafford’s relevant experience qualifying him for service as a director includes: a broad range of regulatory, business, legal and banking related issues encountered in the practice of law; extensive state and municipal government service; extensive civic and community service; and twenty-one (21) years of board service for the Corporation.W. C. Blankenship Jr.Mr. Blankenship received his Bachelor of Science degree in 1972 from Appalachian State University and served as a successful insurance agent for State Farm from 1976 until 2013. Mr. Blankenship joined First Community Bank in July 1996 following its acquisition of Citizens Bank of Tazewell, Inc. He was appointed to the Citizens Bank Board of Directors during its formation in 1981 and was instrumental in establishing that bank, eventually serving as Chairman of the Board from 1984 through its acquisition by First Community Bank.
Mr. Blankenship’s relevant experience qualifying him for service as a director includes: more than thirty-six (36) years of expertise and knowledge in insurance products and services and more than thirty-one (31) years of bank board service.C. William DavisMr. Davis graduated from the Virginia Military Institute in 1970, with a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering and from Washington & Lee School of Law in 1973, with a Juris Doctor degree.  Mr. Davis is a member of Richardson & Davis, PLLC and practices law, primarily in the areas of civil litigation, commercial transactions, trusts and estates, and banking.  Mr. Davis has served as a Director of the Corporation’s banking subsidiary since 1990 and a predecessor bank from 1987 to 1990.  Mr. Davis has served as a Director for a variety of business and professional organizations in the region, including the Bluefield Supply Company, the Flat Top Insurance Agency, the Defense Trial Counsel of West Virginia, Inc., and the West Virginia State Bar Board of Governors. 

Mr. Davis’ relevant experience qualifying him for service as a director includes: a broad range of business, legal, banking, and regulatory related issues encountered in the practice of law; extensive civic and community service; and twenty-eight (28) years of board service in the banking industry.Samuel L. ElmoreMr. Elmore received a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management and Marketing in 1970 from University of Charleston. Prior to joining First Community Bank, Mr. Elmore served as Executive Vice President, Citizens Southern Bank, Inc., Beckley, West Virginia; President and Chief Executive Officer, Bank One, Beckley, West Virginia; Vice President, Key Centurion Bancshares, Huntington, West Virginia; and President and Chief Operations Officer, Beckley National Bank, Beckley, West Virginia. Mr. Elmore currently serves on the Boards of First Community Bank and the Raleigh County Commission on Aging. Mr. Elmore previously served on the Boards of The United Way of Beckley, Beckley Area Foundation, Raleigh General Hospital and VACHA.
Mr. Elmore’s relevant experience qualifying him for service as a director includes: more than forty (40) years of experience in the community banking industry, including service as an auditor and managing the Corporation’s Credit Administration Department; prior experience with acquisitions and mergers; and a variety of offices held with increasing management responsibilities during his banking career.Richard S. JohnsonMr. Johnson earned a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration degree from the University of Richmond, Richmond, Virginia in 1973, with concentrations in Economics and Finance, and graduated with a Master Science degree from Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, Virginia in 1977, with a concentration in Real Estate and Urban Land Development.  Mr. Johnson has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of The Wilton Companies, a real estate investment, development, brokerage and management group of companies, since 2002. He assumed the role of Chairman of The Wilton Companies in 2010.  Prior to joining The Wilton Companies, Mr. Johnson served as President of Southern Financial Corp. of Virginia from 1985 to 2002 and Chairman of the Board of Southern Title Insurance Corporation from 1980 to 1985.  Mr. Johnson currently serves as a Director of First Community Bank and Fidelity Group, LLC; Trustee Emeritus of the University of Richmond, and Director and past Chairman of the City of Richmond Economic Development Authority.  Mr. Johnson also serves as Director Emeritus of Ducks Unlimited, Inc. and previously served as a director of the State Fair of Virginia, Children’s Museum of Richmond, Ducks Unlimited, Inc., Ducks Unlimited Canada, University of Richmond and Landmark Apartment Trust of America.

Mr. Johnson’s relevant experience qualifying him for service as a director includes: long-range planning, various aspects of mortgage underwriting, marketing and mortgage portfolio servicing; previously chairing the Economic Development Authority of the City of Richmond, Virginia; past service as a director and Finance Committee member of Ducks Unlimited, Inc. and Ducks Unlimited Canada; state and national offices with Ducks Unlimited, Inc., including Assistant Treasurer and member of the Finance and Audit Subcommittee; and previous service as a director and Audit Committee member of the Apartment Trust of America.I. Norris KantorMr. Kantor received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1953 from the Virginia Military Institute and received a Juris Doctor degree in 1956 from the College of Law at West Virginia University. Mr. Kantor has practiced law for more than fifty (50) years and is currently Of Counsel with the law firm of Katz, Kantor, Stonestreet & Buckner, PLLC. He served as a Judge Advocate USAF from 1956 to 1958. Mr. Kantor is a director of Mercer Realty Inc., a real estate management company, and Gomolco, Inc., a real estate holding company. Mr. Kantor currently serves in the following leadership capacities: Board member of the Bluefield State College Board of Governors, New River Parkway Authority, and the Bluefield Development Authority; and Board member and Secretary of Bluefield State College Research and Development Corp. Mr. Kantor is also a former member and Chair of the West Virginia Ethics Commission and former Board member of the Bluefield State College Foundation and New River Community College Board of Governors.
Mr. Kantor’s relevant experience qualifying him for service as a director includes: a wide range of legal and business experience gained during his more than fifty (50) years as a practicing attorney; his legal work dealing with the issuance and refunding of numerous utility bonds; his ability to understand complex business, legal and financial topics; and twenty-five (25) years of service as a member of the board of directors of financial service organizations.Gary R. MillsMr. Mills has served as President of the Corporation and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of First Community Bank since August 31, 2013, and has been employed by the Corporation since 1998. Mr. Mills served as Chief Executive Officer of the Princeton Division of First Community Bank from 1998 until 2005; Senior Vice President of Credit Administration from 2005 to 2006; and most recently as Chief Credit Officer of the Corporation from 2007 until his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Mills is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Accounting from Concord University.Michael Adam SarverMr. Sarver received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Communication Studies in 2000 from West Virginia University.  Mr. Sarver has served on the Board of Directors of the Corporation’s banking subsidiary since 2014.  He manages and owns several businesses in southern West Virginia including Main Street Builders, LLC, Eastern Door & Glass, LLC and Clover Leaf Properties, LLC, which are focused on real estate development coupled with residential and commercial construction and development.  Mr. Sarver has served as a Director for a variety of businesses, civic and charitable organizations in the region, including the Salvation Army Board and the First United Methodist Church.

Mr. Sarver’s relevant experience qualifying him for service as a director includes: a broad range of business, financial and related issues encountered in operating multiple business interests; and extensive civic and community service on a variety of boards. Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence   Terms of UsePRIVACY POLICYNOTICES & DISCLAIMERS
                    Member FDIC  - 
©2017 First Community Bank. All Rights Reserved
                



    CFBI Key Statistics - Community First Bancshares Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Community First Bancshares Inc.

                  NASDAQ: CFBI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Community First Bancshares Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 8:00 p.m.


CFBI

/quotes/zigman/89368668/composite


$
13.06




Change

-0.06
-0.46%

Volume
Volume 47,100
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/89368668/composite
Previous close

$
			13.12
		


$
				13.06
			
Change

-0.06
-0.46%





Day low
Day high
$12.95
$13.12










52 week low
52 week high

            $11.52
        

            $15.00
        

















      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title







Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/cfbi

      MarketWatch News on CFBI
    
No News currently available for CFBI





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/cfbi

      Other News on CFBI
    
No News currently available for CFBI










At a Glance

Community First Bancshares, Inc. (Georgia)
3175 Highway 278


Covington, Georgia 30014




Phone
1 7707867088


Industry
Banking


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
-


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
N/A


Employees

        -


Annual Report for CFBI











/news/pressrelease/company/us/cfbi

      Press Releases on CFBI
    
No News currently available for CFBI







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:49 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:44aOil pauses ahead of U.S. rig data, but 7% weekly gain in sight 
5:42a5 weird things I found out about corporate America in my first 24 hours 
5:35aUBS, Credit Suisse profits up after strategy shift
5:30aStudent loan companies to feds: Tell states to stop regulating us
5:23aBritish-made Seedlip aims to woo the non-drinking crowd
5:05aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
5:04aEuropean stocks sell off as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
5:04aPrince William and Kate Middleton are hiring— though not for these weird five Royal Family jobs
5:02aRightmove profit rises on ad sales
5:02aBank of Ireland profit falls; to restart dividend
5:01aHow do I get a reverse mortgage?
5:00aU.S. tech stocks shape up for another day of selling after Amazon disappoints
4:58aThis city’s subway system will soon run entirely on renewable energy
4:27a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
4:26aUBS, Credit Suisse profit up after strategic shift
4:25aRenault first-half profit leaps on higher volume
4:03aFTSE 100 under pressure as BT pushed lower 
3:17aFrance's CAC 40 falls 1.1%, dropping further in early Friday trade 
3:07aBarclays falls 1.9% after earnings report 
3:04aBritish Airways parent IAG rises 3.3% after quarterly profit report  
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









First Community Bank - HomeCorporate OverviewCorporate ProfileCorporate StructureOfficers & DirectorsGovernance DocumentsCommittee ChartingStock InformationStock InfoHistoric PricesCapital OfferingsDividendsBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorSEC FilingsDocumentsInsider FilingsInsider OwnershipInstitutional OwnershipFinancial InformationFinancial HighlightsFinancial ChartingBalance SheetIncome StatementDeposit Loan CompositionDeposit MarketshareBranch MapPeer AnalysisAs-Reported FinancialsBalance SheetIncome StatementCash Flow StatementNews & Market DataPress ReleasesEvent CalendarMergers & AcquisitionsAnalyst CoveragePresentationsCompany TearsheetOther InformationOrganizational Actions ReportInformation RequestEmail NotificationRSS FeedsFrequently Asked QuestionsIR Site MapEntire IR SitePress Releases Only 
                                                             
                                Filings Only
                             Corporate ProfileEntire IR SitePress Releases OnlyFilings OnlyEntire IR SitePress Releases OnlyFilings OnlyInvestor ToolsClick here to view our Interactive Branch Map.
Stock QuoteNASDAQFCBCMarket Value ($M)463.89Change ($)0.07Change (%)0.26Volume15,324Stock Quote ($)27.26As of July 27, 2017 - Minimum 20 minute delay.Corporate Profile

First Community Bancshares, Inc., a financial holding company headquartered in Bluefield, Virginia, provides banking products 
and services through its wholly-owned subsidiary First Community Bank. First Community Bank operated 45 branch banking 
locations throughout Virginia, West Virginia, North Carolina, and Tennessee as of 
December 31, 2016. First Community Bank 
offers wealth management and investment services through its wholly-owned subsidiary First Community Wealth Management 
and the Bank's Trust Division, which collectively managed $846 million in combined assets as of December 31, 2016. The 
Company's common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol, "FCBC". The Company 
reported consolidated assets of $2.39 billion as of December 31, 2016.

News ReleasesDateTitle7/25/2017First Community Bancshares, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results and Increased Quarterly Dividend4/25/2017First Community Bancshares, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Results and Quarterly Dividend1/24/2017First Community Bancshares, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results and Quarterly Dividend10/25/2016First Community Bancshares, Inc. Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results and Quarterly Dividend7/26/2016First Community Bancshares, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2016 Results and Increased Quarterly DividendNews Releases7/25/2017First Community Bancshares, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results and Increased Quarterly Dividend4/25/2017First Community Bancshares, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Results and Quarterly Dividend1/24/2017First Community Bancshares, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results and Quarterly Dividend10/25/2016First Community Bancshares, Inc. Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results and Quarterly Dividend7/26/2016First Community Bancshares, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2016 Results and Increased Quarterly DividendPeriod: One MonthThree MonthYTDOne YearThree YearContact InformationFirst Community Bancshares, Inc.
One Community Place
P.O. Box 989
Bluefield, VA 24605-0989
(276) 326-9000

Investor Relations Contact
Mr. David D. Brown V
(276) 326-9000


Transfer Agent
Computershare
(866) 245-7683

Physical Address:
250 Royall Street
Canton, MA 02021

Mailing Address:
P.O. Box 43078Providence, RI 02940-3078Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of UsePRIVACY POLICYNOTICES & DISCLAIMERS
                    Member FDIC  - 
©2017 First Community Bank. All Rights Reserved
                

Community First Bancshares, Inc.                                                                                         - Appleton City                                     , MO         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MO



Appleton City



Commercial Banks, Nec



Commercial Banks, Nec



                            Community First Bancshares, Inc.
                                    



 





















C 


Community First Bancshares, Inc.                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



216 E 4TH ST APPLETON CITY, MO 64724
Get Directions



(660) 679-6191
 





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 11
 Industries Commercial Banks, Nec
 Contacts Doug Scheilz                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














First Community Bank - HomeCorporate OverviewCorporate ProfileCorporate StructureOfficers & DirectorsGovernance DocumentsCommittee ChartingStock InformationStock InfoHistoric PricesCapital OfferingsDividendsBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorSEC FilingsDocumentsInsider FilingsInsider OwnershipInstitutional OwnershipFinancial InformationFinancial HighlightsFinancial ChartingBalance SheetIncome StatementDeposit Loan CompositionDeposit MarketshareBranch MapPeer AnalysisAs-Reported FinancialsBalance SheetIncome StatementCash Flow StatementNews & Market DataPress ReleasesEvent CalendarMergers & AcquisitionsAnalyst CoveragePresentationsCompany TearsheetOther InformationOrganizational Actions ReportInformation RequestEmail NotificationRSS FeedsFrequently Asked QuestionsIR Site MapEntire IR SitePress Releases Only 
                                                             
                                Filings Only
                             Mergers & AcquisitionsM&A Deal Type AcquisitionsSales/DivestituresBank & Thrift Company DealsTargetSellerStateIndustry TypeAnnounce DateStatusDeal Value($M)Target TotalAssets ($000)Peoples Bank of VirginiaVABank3/01/2012Completed on 5/31/201240.55285,898TriStone Community BankNCBank4/02/2009Completed on 7/30/20098.31152,417Coddle Creek Financial Corp.NCThrift7/31/2008Completed on 11/14/200833.04158,932PCB Bancorp, Inc.TNBank12/31/2003Completed on 3/31/200436.06166,802CommonWealth BankVABank1/27/2003Completed on 6/9/200324.77129,802Monroe Financial, IncorporatedWVBank5/22/2002Completed on 11/30/20022.0035,073Citizens Southern Bank, Inc.WVBank6/27/2000Completed on 10/31/20006.5064,550Blue Ridge BankNCBank11/22/1996Completed on 4/9/199724.30103,156Citizens Bank of TazewellVABank1/16/1996Completed on 7/3/19968.0048,961American Bankshares, IncorporatedWVBank10/26/1994Terminated8.6077,844Peoples Bank of Richwood, IncWVBank9/15/1992Completed on 1/29/19930.3032,943 Bank & Thrift Branch DealsTargetSellerIndustry TypeAnnounce DateStatusNumber ofBranchesAllBranchStatesTotal DepositsTransferred($000)7 BranchesFirst BancorpBank3/04/2016Completed on 7/15/20167VA134,3007 BranchesBank of America CorporationBank6/10/2014Completed on 10/24/20147NC,VA318,0004 BranchesBB&T CorporationBank8/09/2001Completed on 12/7/20014VA122,8911 BranchHuntington Bancshares IncorporatedBank7/02/1997Completed on 9/26/19971WV51,5003 BranchesFirst Virginia Banks, Inc.Bank6/19/1997Completed on 7/17/19973VA45,5002 BranchesHuntington Bancshares IncorporatedBank5/30/1996Completed on 9/30/19962WV20,818 Government Assisted DealsTargetSellerStateIndustry TypeDate SoldTarget Total  Assets ($000)Target Assets  Sold ($000)Target TotalDeposits ($000)Waccamaw BankNCBank6/08/2012533,114483,375472,704First Federal S&LAWVThrift11/09/199028,50023,10024,400 Insurance Broker DealsTargetSellerAnnounce Date
  									Status
  									Deal Value  ($M)
  									LTMRevenue($000)
  									Undisclosed Insurance agency12/31/2013Completed on 12/31/20130.40NAMurphy Insurance Agency, Inc.7/31/2010Completed on 7/31/20100.67NACarr & Hyde Insurance, Inc.12/16/2008Completed on 12/16/2008NANABrokerage East, Inc.12/01/2008Completed on 12/1/2008NANAMain Insurance Agency10/01/2008Completed on 10/1/2008NANAREL Insurance Services, Inc.7/31/2008Completed on 7/31/20081.80NAAllgood Insurance5/16/2008Completed on 5/16/2008NANAGreenPoint Insurance Group, Inc.9/28/2007Completed on 9/28/20073.27NA Securities & Investments DealsTargetSellerTypeAnnounce DateStatusDeal Value  ($M)TargetTotalAssets($000)Investment Planning Consultants, Inc.Asset Manager11/30/2006Completed on 11/30/20062.90NAStone Capital Management, Inc.Asset Manager1/15/2003Completed on 1/15/20030.49NA Specialty Finance Company DealsTargetSellerAnnounce Date
  								Status
  								Deal Value  ($M)
  								Target Total  Assets ($000)
  								United First Mortgage Inc.United First Mortgage Incorporated9/28/1999Completed on 9/28/19991.97NA  Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence   Terms of UsePRIVACY POLICYNOTICES & DISCLAIMERS
                    Member FDIC  - 
©2017 First Community Bank. All Rights Reserved
                First Community Bank - HomeCorporate OverviewCorporate ProfileCorporate StructureOfficers & DirectorsGovernance DocumentsCommittee ChartingStock InformationStock InfoHistoric PricesCapital OfferingsDividendsBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorSEC FilingsDocumentsInsider FilingsInsider OwnershipInstitutional OwnershipFinancial InformationFinancial HighlightsFinancial ChartingBalance SheetIncome StatementDeposit Loan CompositionDeposit MarketshareBranch MapPeer AnalysisAs-Reported FinancialsBalance SheetIncome StatementCash Flow StatementNews & Market DataPress ReleasesEvent CalendarMergers & AcquisitionsAnalyst CoveragePresentationsCompany TearsheetOther InformationOrganizational Actions ReportInformation RequestEmail NotificationRSS FeedsFrequently Asked QuestionsIR Site MapEntire IR SitePress Releases Only 
                                                             
                                Filings Only
                             Capital OfferingsCommon StockAnnounce DateOffering TypeStatusPrivate Placement?Share Price ($)Shares OfferedOffering Size ($000)6/1/2009Follow-OnPriced 6/4/2009No12.50005,290,00066,125 Common stock, $1.00 par value12/21/2007Shelf RegistrationPending 12/21/2007No-92,094- Common stock, $1.00 par value5/2/2007Shelf RegistrationPending 5/2/2007No-79,111- Common stock, $1.00 par value4/8/2003Shelf RegistrationPending 4/8/2003No-21,533- Common stock, $1.00 par valuePreferred StockAnnounce DateOffering TypeStatusPrivate Placement?Coupon (%)Shares OfferedOffering Size ($000)5/23/2011Private Placement - Preferred StockPriced 5/20/2011Yes6.000018,92118,921 6.000% Series A non-cumulative convertible preferred stock, $0.01 par value12/19/2008Shelf RegistrationTerminatedNo-41,500NA Variable rate series A cumulative perpetual preferred stock issued under TARP, $1.00 par value10/30/2008Private Placement - Preferred StockPriced 11/21/2008Yes-41,50041,500 Variable rate series A cumulative perpetual preferred stock issued under TARP, $1.00 par valueTrust PreferredAnnounce DatePrivate Placement?Coupon (%)Maturity DateYTM (%)Offering Size ($000)9/25/2003Yes-10/8/2033-15,000 Floating rate trust preferred securities, due 10/08/33Common Stock (Subsidiaries)Announce DateOffering TypeStatusPrivate Placement?Share Price ($)Shares OfferedOffering Size ($000)Peoples Bank of Virginia9/14/2001IPOPriced 4/15/2002No15.0000-- Common stock, $5.00 par valueTriStone Community Bank4/29/2005IPOPriced 11/30/2004No11.00001,500,00016,500 Common stock, $5.00 par valuePreferred Stock (Subsidiaries)Announce DateOffering TypeStatusPrivate Placement?Coupon (%)Shares OfferedOffering Size ($000)TriStone Community Bank12/17/2008Private Placement - Preferred StockTerminatedYes--3,490 Variable rate preferred stock issued under TARPSubordinated Debt (Subsidiaries)Announce DatePrivate Placement?Coupon (%)Maturity DateYTM (%)Offering Size ($000)Waccamaw Bank6/27/2008Yes-7/1/2015-3,000 Floating rate subordinated notes, due 07/01/15Note: Capital Offerings information is comprehensive for securities issued on or after January 1, 2000. Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence   Terms of UsePRIVACY POLICYNOTICES & DISCLAIMERS
                    Member FDIC  - 
©2017 First Community Bank. All Rights Reserved
                

Community First Bancshares, Inc. - Union City, TN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TN



Union City



State Commercial Banks



State Commercial Banks



                            Community First Bancshares, Inc.
                                    



 





















C 


Community First Bancshares, Inc.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



115 W WASHINGTON AVE UNION CITY, TN 38261
Get Directions



(731) 886-8800
www.first-state.net





Business Info



 Founded 1986
 Incorporated TN
 Annual Revenue $93,430,000.00
 Employee Count 40
 Industries State Commercial Banks
 Contacts John C Clark







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Community First Bancshares, Inc. was founded in 1986, and is located at 115 W Washington Ave in Union City. Additional information is available at www.first-state.net or by contacting John C Clark at (731) 886-8800. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Community First Bancshares Inc/GA: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















community first bancshares inc/ga
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Banking
Sub-Industry: Banks
Community First Bancshares, Inc. of Georgia operates as a bank holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers financial products and services such as savings accounts, personal and business loans, debit and credit cards, letter of credit, certificate of deposits, mortgages, equipment financing, cash management, and online banking.




Corporate Information
Address:

3175 Highway 278
Covington, GA 30014
United States


Phone:
1-770-786-7088


Fax:
1-770-787-9290


Web url:
www.newtonfederal.com





Board Members




Non Exec Chairman
Company


William Fortson
Community First Bancshares Inc/GA








President/CEO
Company


Johnny Smith
Newton Federal Bank








Board Members
Company
































From The Web











Key Executives


Johnny S Smith


President/CEO




Gregory J Proffitt


Exec VP/COO




Kenneth D Lumpkin


Exec VP/Chief Lending & Marketing Ofcr




Tessa M Nolan


Senior VP/CFO




Tara T Williams


Senior VP/Chief Credit Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































First Community Bank - HomeCorporate OverviewCorporate ProfileCorporate StructureOfficers & DirectorsGovernance DocumentsCommittee ChartingStock InformationStock InfoHistoric PricesCapital OfferingsDividendsBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorSEC FilingsDocumentsInsider FilingsInsider OwnershipInstitutional OwnershipFinancial InformationFinancial HighlightsFinancial ChartingBalance SheetIncome StatementDeposit Loan CompositionDeposit MarketshareBranch MapPeer AnalysisAs-Reported FinancialsBalance SheetIncome StatementCash Flow StatementNews & Market DataPress ReleasesEvent CalendarMergers & AcquisitionsAnalyst CoveragePresentationsCompany TearsheetOther InformationOrganizational Actions ReportInformation RequestEmail NotificationRSS FeedsFrequently Asked QuestionsIR Site MapEntire IR SitePress Releases Only 
                                                             
                                Filings Only
                             Financial HighlightsSelect Period: Last Four Years & YTDLast Four Years & LTMLast Five YearsLast Five Quarters/InterimsQuarterly AnalysisAnnual AnalysisCustom Periods
                                Financial Charting
                               2017 FQ2 YTD2016 FY2015 FY2014 FY2013 FYPeriod Ended6/30/201712/31/201612/31/201512/31/201412/31/2013Balance Sheet ($000) 
                           Total Assets2,366,6032,386,3982,462,2762,607,9362,602,514Total Net Loans1,823,2221,835,0001,686,3081,670,9811,687,527Total Deposits1,857,3741,841,3381,873,2592,000,7591,950,742Equity Attributable to Parent Company348,775339,057343,017351,374328,606Total Equity348,775339,057343,017351,374328,606Profitability (%) 
                           Net Income
                                                    ($000)
                                                  12,62025,12624,54025,49023,312Net Income Attributable to Parent
                                                    ($000)
                                                  12,62025,12624,54025,49023,312ROAA1.061.020.970.980.88Core ROAA1.131.070.971.040.93ROAE7.327.427.057.446.56ROATCE10.7011.1310.5311.5210.04Core ROAE7.767.747.037.896.96Net Interest Margin4.214.013.934.114.09Reported: Net Interest Margin4.254.013.934.114.09Efficiency Ratio59.5361.0462.9263.6760.16Noninterest Inc /
                                                   Operating Rev21.4024.0225.0025.1024.47Balance Sheet Ratios (%) 
                           Loans /
                                                   Deposits99.18100.6391.1084.4487.70Securities /
                                                   AssetsNA9.4118.2915.2320.73Total Equity /
                                                   Total Assets14.7414.2113.9313.4712.63Tangible Equity /
                                                   Tangible Assets10.8810.3410.079.778.83Tang Common Equity /
                                                   Tang Assets10.8810.3410.079.168.22Asset Quality (%) 
                           NPAs /
                                                   Assets1.381.421.491.221.49NPA Excl Restructured /
                                                   Assets1.020.880.920.661.02NPAs & 90+ PD /
                                                   Assets1.381.421.491.221.49NPAs /
                                                   Loans & REO1.811.882.252.012.47Nonaccrual & 90+ & OREO /
                                                   Assets1.020.880.920.661.02NPAs & 90+ PD /
                                                   Loans & REO1.811.882.252.012.47NPA & Loans 90+ /
                                                   Tangible Common Equity + LLR12.3113.3514.2412.7316.89NCOs /
                                                   Avg Loans0.050.210.140.180.68Loan Loss Reserves /
                                                   Gross Loans1.030.971.191.201.41Reserves /
                                                   NPAs57.8552.9255.1663.7562.23Loan Loss Provision /
                                                   NCO292.2135.46101.625.0279.29Capital Adequacy 
                          
                            ()
                           Tier 1 Common Capital (CET1)
                                                    ($000)
                                                  NA241,671246,237234,687219,761Tier 1 Capital
                                                    ($000)
                                                  NA256,671249,436264,838250,012Tier 2 Capital
                                                    ($000)
                                                  NA18,28220,562NANATotal Capital
                                                    ($000)
                                                  NA274,953269,998284,999270,636Total Risk-weighted Assets
                                                    ($000)
                                                  NA1,741,3891,693,2281,612,0281,646,169Tier 1 Common Capital (CET1) Ratio
                                                    (%)
                                                  NA13.8814.5414.5613.35Tier 1 Ratio
                                                    (%)
                                                  NA14.7414.7316.4315.19Total Capital Ratio
                                                    (%)
                                                  NA15.7915.9517.6816.44Liquidity Coverage Ratio
                                                    (%)
                                                  NANANANANALeverage Ratio
                                                    (%)
                                                  NA11.0710.6210.129.95Basel III Leverage Ratio
                                                    (%)
                                                  NANANANANAPer Share Information ($) 
                           Common Shares Outstanding
                                                    (actual)
                                                  17,017,07116,994,20818,098,14118,406,21918,514,579Avg Diluted Shares
                                                    (actual)
                                                  17,075,96117,365,52418,727,46419,483,05420,961,800Basic Book Value per Share20.5019.9518.9518.2716.92As-reported Book Value per Share20.5019.9518.9518.0616.79Basic Tangible Book Value per Share14.4713.8913.1112.4511.07Reported: Tangible Book Value14.4713.8913.1112.5611.26Common Dividends Declared per Share0.320.600.540.500.48EPS after Extra0.741.451.311.311.11EPS after Extra Growth
                                                    (%)
                                                  5.7010.70018.00(20.7)Core EPS0.791.511.311.391.18Core EPS Growth
                                                    (%)
                                                  8.0015.60(6.1)17.80(22.8)Diluted EPS before Amortization0.771.521.371.351.15Pre-Provision Earnings per Share0.791.491.281.321.37
                  Loading ... ... Please wait  Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence   Terms of UseCalendarFiscalQuartersYearsHalf YrsLTMYTDSelected Periods2017 FQ2 YTD2016 FY2015 FY2014 FY2013 FYSort Order
                Latest on Right
              
                Latest on Left
              PRIVACY POLICYNOTICES & DISCLAIMERS
                    Member FDIC  - 
©2017 First Community Bank. All Rights Reserved
                