






Commercial Investment Corp - Company Profile










































 Commercial Investment Corp
                        

Archived Record













Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Commercial Investment Corp Overview
  Commercial Investment Corp filed as a Domestic for Profit Corporation in the State of Florida and is no longer active. This corporate entity was filed approximately fifty-eight years ago on Saturday, June 6, 1959 as recorded in documents filed with Florida Department of State. 




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Commercial Investment Corp
    













Corporate Filings for Commercial Investment Corp








Florida Department of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Domestic for Profit Corporation                                



                                    Status:
                                

Inactive




                                    State:
                                

                                    Florida
                                



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    224531
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Saturday, June 6, 1959
                                    



                                        Registered Agent
                                    











Advertisements










Source







Florida Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Tuesday, April 11, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Commercial Investment Corp.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Commercial Investment Corp and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                FL

1959
Domestic for Profit Corporation
                            





                Source
            





                        Florida Department of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.



















Citivest Commercial Investments - Commercial investment and development company













































  





 

 




 


 






 

 

 









 Citivest Commercial Investments, LLC is a multi-disciplinary commercial investment and development company.
      The company’s business plan is to:
       
           • Acquire income producing assets in target markets at strategic valuations;
           • Acquire commercial assets with repositioning potential;
           • Acquire strategic loan portfolios;
           • Develop commercial properties located within growth oriented infill markets.
       
      Citivest Commercial has a breadth of experience ranging from mixed use master land subdivision, office properties and industrial business parks to regional and neighborhood retail centers across the west. 
 
 

 









































Pros and Cons of Investing in Commercial Real Estate | Nolo.com
















Grow Your Legal Practice
Meet the Editors
Sign In
Support








Search



Search Type

All
Products
Lawyers
Articles





Search Term



Location










Legal Topics
Real Estate & Rental Property
Investment Real Estate
Buying Investment Real Estate










Pros and Cons of Investing in Commercial Real Estate




Understand the advantages and disadvantages of investing in Commercial Real Estate.


By Matt Larson




Share on Google Plus





Share on Facebook












Any type of property, whether it’s commercial or residential, can be a good investment opportunity. For your money, commercial properties typically offer more financial reward than residential properties, such as rental apartments or single-family homes, but there also can be more risks. Understand the full pros and cons of investing in commercial properties is important so that you make the investment decision that’s right for you.
What Is a “Commercial Property?”
Commercial properties may refer to:

retail buildings
office buildings
warehouses
industrial buildings
apartment buildings
“mixed use” buildings, where the property may have a mix, such as retail, office and apartments.

There are nuances to managing each of these types of properties. To paint a general picture of what it’s like investing in commercial property, let’s examine the pros and cons of investing in a single-story commercial retail building, such as a community “strip mall”.
Positive Reasons to Invest in Commercial Property
Here are some of the pros of buying commercial real estate over residential property.
Income potential.  The best reason to invest in commercial over residential rentals is the earning potential. Commercial properties generally have an annual return off the purchase price between 6% and 12%, depending on the area, which is a much higher range than typically exists for single family home properties (1% to 4% at best).
Professional relationships.  Small business owners generally take pride in their businesses and want to protect their livelihood. Owners of commercial properties are usually not individuals, but LLCs, and operate the property as a business. As such, the landlord and tenant have more of a business-to-business customer relationship, which helps keep interactions professional and courteous.
Public eye.  Retail tenants have a vested interest in maintaining their store and storefront, because if they don’t, it will affect their business. As a result, commercial tenants and property owner interests are aligned, which helps the owner maintain and improve the quality of the property, and ultimately, the value of their investment.
Limited hours of operation.  Businesses usually go home at night. In other words, you work when they work. Barring emergency calls at night for break-ins or fire alarms, you should be able to rest at night without having to worry about receiving a midnight call because a tenant wants repairs or has lost a key. For commercial properties it is also more likely you will have an alarm monitoring service so that if anything does happen at night, your alarm company will notify the proper authorities.
More objective price evaluations.  It's often easier to evaluate the property prices of commercial property because you can request the current owner’s income statement and determine what the price should be based on that. If the seller is using a knowledgeable broker, the asking price should be set at a price where an investor can earn the area’s prevailing cap rate for the commercial property type they are looking at (retail, office, industrial, etc.). Residential properties are often subject to more emotional pricing. See the Nolo article  Is that Residential Real Estate Investment Property Worth It?  for more on the subject, including an explanation of cap rates.
Triple net leases.  There are variations to triple net leases, but the general concept is that you as the property owner do not have to pay any expenses on the property (as would be the case with residential real estate). The lessee handles all property expenses directly, including real estate taxes. The only expense you’ll have to pay is your mortgage. Companies like Walgreens, CVS, and Starbucks typically sign these types of leases, as they want to maintain a look and feel in keeping with their brand, so they manage those costs, and you as an investor get to have one of the lowest maintenance income producers for your money. Strip malls have a variety of net leases and triple nets are not usually done with smaller businesses, but these lease types are optimal and you can’t get them with residential properties. For more on common lease terms, such as net leases, see the Nolo article  Commercial Leases: Negotiate the Best Term  and related articles in the  Business Space and Commercial Leases  section of this site.
More flexibility in lease terms.  Fewer consumer protection laws govern commercial leases, unlike the dozens of state laws, such as security deposit limits and termination rules, that cover residential real estate. For more on commercial leases, see the Nolo book  Negotiate the Best Lease for Your Business,  by Janet Portman and Fred Steingold.
The Downside of Investing in Commercial Property
While there are many positive reasons to invest in commercial real estate over residential, there are also negative issues to consider.
Time commitment.  If you own a commercial retail building with five tenants, or even just a few, you have more to manage than you do with a residential investment. You can’t be an absentee landlord and maximize the return on your investment. With commercial, you are likely dealing with multiple leases, annual CAM adjustments (Common Area Maintenance costs that tenants are responsible for), more maintenance issues, and public safety concerns. In a nutshell, you have more to manage; and just as your tenants have to worry about the public eye, you do as well.
Professional help required.  If you are a do-it-yourselfer, you better be licensed if you are going to handle the maintenance issues at a commercial property. The likelihood is you will not be prepared to handle maintenance issues yourself and you will need to hire someone to help with emergencies and repairs. While this added cost isn’t ideal, you’ll need to add it on to your set of expenses in order to properly care for the property. Remember to factor in property management expenses when evaluating the price to pay for a commercial investment property. Property management companies can charge between 5-10% of rent revenues for their services, which include lease administration. Evaluate beforehand if you want to manage leasing and the relationships yourself, or if you want to outsource those responsibilities.
Bigger initial investment.  Acquiring a commercial property typically requires more capital up front than acquiring a residential rental in the same area, so it’s often more difficult to get your foot in the door. Once you’ve acquired a commercial property, you can expect some large capital expenditures to follow. Your property might be humming along for a few months and wham, here comes a $10,000 bill to address roofing repairs or a new furnace. With more customers there are more facilities to maintain and therefore more costs. What you hope is that the gains in revenue outweigh the gains in costs, to support purchasing a commercial property over a residential one.
More risks.  Properties intended for commercial use have more public visitors and therefore have more people on the property each day that can get hurt or do something to damage your property. Cars can hit patrons in parking lots, people can slip on ice during the winter, and vandals can spray paint the sides of the building. Incidents like these can occur anywhere, but chances of experiencing something like these events go up when investing in commercial properties. If you're risk adverse, you may want to look more closely at putting your money in residential properties.




Share on Google Plus





Share on Facebook











Talk to a Lawyer



Need a lawyer? Start here.



Practice Area

Please select...Airplane Business TransactionsAsbestosAsylumAuto AccidentAviationAviation AccidentsBankruptcyBusinessChild CustodyChild SupportCivil RightsCollaborative DivorceCommercial Real EstateConsumer ProtectionCriminal DefenseDUI and DWIDebt SettlementDeportationDisabilityDivorceDivorce MediationEmploymentEnvironmentEstate PlanningExpungementFamilyForeclosureGreen CardImmigration LawIntellectual PropertyLandlord and TenantLegal MalpracticeLitigationLong Term DisabilityMaritimeMedical MalpracticeMilitary DivorceNursing Home or Elder AbuseOvertime PayPatentsPersonal InjuryProbateProduct LiabilityReal EstateSSDISecuritiesSex CrimesSexual HarassmentSocial Security DisabilityTaxTraffic TicketsTrucking AccidentUS CitizenshipUS VisaUnemploymentVeterans DisabilityWorkers CompensationWrongful DeathWrongful Termination



Zip Code








SEARCH




How it Works

Briefly tell us about your case
Provide your contact information
Choose attorneys to contact you











            Legal Information & More from Nolo
        



Real Estate
Buying a House or Property
Neighbors
Selling a House
Mobile, Manufactured, and Tiny Homes
Homeowners: Taxes, Improvements, and More


Popular Products from Nolo


Selling Your House



Neighbor Law



The Foreclosure Survival Guide
















        Related Products
      
MORE





Arizona Quitclaim Deed



Texas Deed Without Warranty



Washington Quitclaim Deed



How to Buy a House in California











FEATURED LISTINGS FROM NOLO


Swipe to view more








            Related Ads
        























NEED PROFESSIONAL HELP ?
Talk to a Real Estate attorney.



Zip Code







Start



How It Works

Briefly tell us about your case
Provide your contact information
Choose attorneys to contact you












Copyright © 2017 Nolo ®  Self-help services may not be permitted in all states. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site. The attorney listings on this site are paid attorney advertising. In some states, the information on this website may be considered a lawyer referral service. Please reference the Terms of Use and the Supplemental Terms for specific information related to your state. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use, Supplemental Terms, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.


 








































Procure from the Commercial Investment, Ferrous Castings suppliers listed here













America's Original Industrial Directory Since 1893 

Login











Home
News



Advertise With Us

Ultimate Marketing Bundle
Industrial B2B Search Engine Rankings
Industrial Directory Advertising




Get Listed
Why Us?
About Us







Company / 
						Product/Service




 

Search















Search or Browse More Products


Next Page




Commercial Investment, Ferrous Castings companies
 - Displaying 1-25 of 75





Get a Free Quote from  Commercial Investment, Ferrous Castings companies
					



Related Products
ALLOYS: Investment Casting
						 |  
						CASTINGS: Ferrous
						 |  
						CASTINGS: Precision Investment
						 |  
						CASTINGS: Precision Investment, Lost Wax Process
						 |  
						CASTINGS: Lost Wax Process
						 |  
						CASTINGS: Aerospace Investment, Ferrous
						 |  
						INVESTMENT CASTINGS
						 |  
						CASTINGS: Low Alloy Steel
						 |  
						CASTINGS: Nickel & Nickel Alloy
						 |  
						CASTINGS: Zinc-aluminum Alloy
						 |  
						CASTINGS: Tool Steel
						 |  
						CASTINGS: Permanent Mold
						 |  
						CASTINGS: Oil Sand
						 |  
						CASTINGS: Nodular Iron
						 |  
						CASTINGS: Nickel-chromium Iron




Get a Free Quote from  Commercial Investment, Ferrous Castings companies 






							Globe Iron Foundry Inc
						   City of Commerce, CA




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; alloys: casting; aluminum castings; aluminum die castings;..





							New England Castings LLC
						   Hiram, ME




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; castings; castings: alloy; castings: aluminum; castings:..





							Specialty Resources Inc
						   Chester Springs, PA




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; assemblies: precision; assembly & packaging services; assembly..





							Aristo-Cast Inc
						   Almont, MI




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; additives: steel; alloys: aluminum; alloys: casting; alloys:..





							Thompson Investment Casting
						   Rochester, NH




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; aluminum castings; castings; castings: acid resisting;..





							Dace & Dace Inc.
						   Richardson, TX




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; alloys: investment casting; aluminum machining; aluminum..





							Pac-Rancho Inc
						   Rancho Cucamonga, CA




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; aluminum; aluminum products; castings; castings: investment;..





							Tech Cast Inc
						   Myerstown, PA




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; alloys: casting; castings: aerospace investment, ferrous;..





							American Foundry Group Inc
						   Muskogee, OK




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; alloys: cobalt; alloys: nickel; alloys: steel; aluminum..





							Bestwill Corporation
						   Irvine, CA




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; aluminum castings; aluminum die castings; aluminum extruded..





							Aero Metals Inc
						   La Porte, IN




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; brass goods; brass products: industrial; bushings: phenolic;..





							Applied Materials Science LLC
						   Stow, MA




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; aerospace components; alloys: casting; alloys: investment..





							Dafco Corp
						   Louisville, KY




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; alloys: aluminum; alloys: casting; alloys: chromium; alloys:..





							Dai Ceramics Inc
						   Willoughby, OH




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; casting equipment & supplies; casting machines; castings:..





							Howmet Corp
						   Whitehall, MI




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; castings: corrosion resistant; coating service: metals &..





							Howmet Corp
						   Morristown, TN




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; automotive parts; automotive parts, accessories & supplies;..





							Krall Cast
						   City of Industry, CA




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; casting equipment & supplies; foundries; medical castings;..





							McDonnell Douglas Corp
						   Lemoore, CA




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; castings: investment





							Post Precision Castings Inc
						   Strausstown, PA




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; bushings: cast steel, exc investment; castings: investment;..





							Rimer Enterprises Inc
						   Waterville, OH




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; castings; castings: investment; castings: nonferrous





							W E Lott Co
						   Galion, OH




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; aluminum die castings; bearings: cast iron, cast steel;..





							Warrenton Copper LLC
						   Warrenton, MO




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; castings: aerospace investment, ferrous; castings: automotive;..





							Wisconsin Precision Casting
						   East Troy, WI




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; castings: investment; castings: precision; castings: precision investment





							Ruger Investment Casting
						   Prescott, AZ




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; alloys: investment casting; castings; castings: aerospace..





							Avalon Precision Casting Co
						   Cleveland, OH




Products: Castings: commercial investment, ferrous; alloys: brass, bronze & copper; alloys: investment casting;..




 
						Top quality manufacturers have been highlighted in this comprehensive 
						source of industrial information. A broad range of CASTINGS: COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT, FERROUS 
						manufacturers has been compiled in this industrial directory designed to provide information 
						on leading, quality oriented manufacturers .
						
						
				



Get a Free Quote from  Commercial Investment, Ferrous Castings companies
										


Related Products

CASTINGS: Nickel Steel
 |  
CASTINGS: Nickel Silver
 |  
CASTINGS: Molybdenum Steel
 |  
CASTINGS: Military Specification
 |  
CASTINGS: Manganese Steel
 |  
Moulds: Investment Castings
 |  
CENTRIFUGAL INVESTMENT CASTING




Search or Browse More Products


Next Page




Commercial Investment, Ferrous Castings companies
 - Displaying 1-25 of 75



Search for People at CASTINGS Companies


 



                        Commercial Investment, Ferrous Castings - Companies Serving:
                    
All States

                            Arizona AZ (1)

                            California CA (14)

                            Connecticut CT (3)

                            Florida FL (2)

                            Indiana IN (3)

                            Kentucky KY (1)

                            Maine ME (1)

                            Massachusetts MA (4)

                            Michigan MI (8)

                            Missouri MO (2)

                            New Hampshire NH (2)

                            New Jersey NJ (1)

                            Ohio OH (11)

                            Oklahoma OK (4)

                            Pennsylvania PA (4)

                            Rhode Island RI (1)

                            Tennessee TN (2)

                            Texas TX (6)

                            Virginia VA (1)

                            Wisconsin WI (3)



















Services
About MacRAE's
Quick links
Local Search Partners
Industrial Partners


Advertise With Us
Get Listed
Contact MacRAE'S BLUE BOOK

About Us
FAQ's
Partners
News
Testimonials


Link To Us
Data Products
Terms and Conditions
Site Map


Profile Canada


Canadian Suppliers of CASTINGS: Commercial Investment, Ferrous


 

Browse by Company:  
		A-B 
		C-E 
		F-J 
		K-O 
		P-S 
		T-Z 
		
		                 
		Browse by Heading:  
		A-C  
		D-K  
		L-R  
		S-Z




			© 2017 MacRAE'S. All rights reserved
			
Like us -


|
Join us -


|
Follow us -






































Buying Investment Real Estate | Nolo.com
















Grow Your Legal Practice
Meet the Editors
Sign In
Support








Search



Search Type

All
Products
Lawyers
Articles





Search Term



Location










Home
Legal Topics
Real Estate & Rental Property
Investment Real Estate
Buying Investment Real Estate








Buying Investment Real Estate









Investing in real estate is a great way to
produce a second income and generate wealth. When making investment decisions,
however, it’s important to understand all that it will require of you. Properly
analyzing your target investment property and understanding the process of
investing in real estate, before you put down your deposit, can be the
difference between a rewarding experience and a terrible one.








Investing in Property





Which has a better return on investment, condos or single-family homes?
I’m looking to invest in a residential rental property, and trying to decide between a condo and a single-family home. Which one is a better real estate investment?




Is That Residential Real Estate Investment Property Worth It?
One quick way to ensure you are making a financially sound real estate investment decision




Pros and Cons of Investing in Commercial Real Estate
Any type of property, whether it’s commercial or residential, can be a good investment opportunity.




Real Estate LLCs, Real Estate Trusts, and Other Real Estate Purchasing Options
When buying an investment property, you have the option of purchasing it in your own name or under another entity name, such as a real estate trust or a limited liability company (LLC).




Top Resources for Novice Real Estate Investors
So you’re thinking about taking your savings and investing it in real estate, but other than your own house, you have no experience and you don’t know how to go about it.




Evaluating Inspection Reports on Investment Properties
Before you purchase an investment property, it is customary that you have it professionally inspected (just as buyers do before finalizing the purchase of a house they plan to live in).




What Are Riders to Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreements?
Question We are in the middle of buying our first investment property and my attorney just sent back the revised Purchase and Sale (P&S) Agreement wi




How to Finance Your Real Estate Investment
Financing investment property can get pretty creative. When taking on your first real estate investment, however, it’s best to keep your risk to a minimum.









Managing Investment Property





Are condos easier to manage and less time consuming as an investment property?
I'm looking to buy an investment property that won’t require much of my time. I've heard that condos require less time to manage than single-family homes. Is that really true?




What Maintenance and Repairs Should I Expect for My New Condo Investment?
I’m buying a condo with a great property management association, which should free me from a lot of the maintenance responsibilities of owning a single-family home.




How long should I hold my real estate investment property?
Question How long should I hold on to my investment property to maximize the return on my investment?




How to Minimize Risk When Renting Out Investment Property
You have purchased a real estate investment property, and you have obtained insurance for it, but you are still concerned about the risks involved in renting it out.




How to Depreciate Investment Property to Reduce Taxable Income
Tips on depreciating investment property.

















        Related Products
      
MORE





Arizona Quitclaim Deed



Texas Deed Without Warranty



Washington Quitclaim Deed



How to Buy a House in California











            More Legal Topics
        



Buying or Selling Timeshares






More Legal Topics




Buying or Selling Timeshares












            Related Ads
        























NEED PROFESSIONAL HELP ?
Talk to a Real Estate attorney.



Zip Code







Start



How It Works

Briefly tell us about your case
Provide your contact information
Choose attorneys to contact you












Copyright © 2017 Nolo ®  Self-help services may not be permitted in all states. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site. The attorney listings on this site are paid attorney advertising. In some states, the information on this website may be considered a lawyer referral service. Please reference the Terms of Use and the Supplemental Terms for specific information related to your state. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use, Supplemental Terms, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.


 





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











L-A-W COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    L-A-W COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION











Company number P05000145264
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number APPLIED FOR
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/14/2007
        

Date Of Incorporation 10/27/2005
        

Principal Address
            2707 WEST FIG STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33609
            


Mailing Address 2707 WEST FIG STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33609
        
L-A-W COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION Principals

President
                Lancaster Brian
                 


Address
                2707 WEST FIG STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33609
                 



Vice President, President
                Wirts Jess B
                 


Address
                2707 WEST FIG STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33609
                 



Secretary
                Lancaster Brian
                 


Address
                2707 WEST FIG STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33609
                 







Last Annual Reports

2006 1/12/2006
            

2006 1/12/2006
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name LANCASTER           BRIAN (p)
        

Agent Address
                2707 WEST FIG STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33609
                

L-A-W COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/14/2007
            

Description
L-A-W COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION has been set up 10/27/2005 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The L-A-W COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION principal adress is 2707 WEST FIG STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33609. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 2707 WEST FIG STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33609. 
The company`s registered agent is LANCASTER           BRIAN 2707 WEST FIG STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33609.  
The company`s management are President - Lancaster Brian, Vice President, President - Wirts Jess B, Secretary - Lancaster Brian. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/14/2007. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 1/12/2006.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
LAWCOMM, INC.
LAW COMMUNICATION CORPORATION
LAW COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY
LAW COMMUNICATIONS LLC
LAW COMPANIES GROUP, INC.
LAW COMPUTER SERVICES















Multifamily Investment | US Multifamily Investment Creating OpportunitiesMultifamily Investment | US Multifamily Investment Creating Opportunities







Multifamily Investment | US Multifamily Investment Creating Opportunities


















































 


Google+




















Pages Navigation Menu
About I.C.I.C.

Our Mission Statement
Company Executives
Multifamily Asset Management


Specialized Services

Multifamily Investment Highlights
Investment Opportunity In US
Houston
Multifamily Investment Strategy
Value Added Commercial Real Estate


News Blog
Login
Contact Us
 




















Our investors come first.

ICIC provides secure, high yield, low risk, investment opportunities in multifamily commercial investment in the US.
Read More











Limited Liability

ICIC focuses on specific revitalization requirements which will increase multifamily property value and stabilize rents and occupancy levels to current market levels.  
Read More











Experienced professionals.

ICIC - Multifamily Real Estate Investment Company - strives to ensure that its acquisitions provide a return on investment as well as opportunity for added value,and does not rely on any appreciation through market in its determination of profit.
Read More











Realistic assumptions.

ICIC provides local area expertise and property management for multifamily commercial investment properties in the US.
Read More



























Invictus Commercial Investment Corp.(ICIC), is a multifamily investment company that targets well positioned multifamily investment opportunities in the US and provides investors with a proven vehicle with which to achieve their financial goals. 

 
Click Here To Contact Us
 




WHAT...
ICIC maximizes returns through real estate investment acquisition, adding value and reselling multifamily real estate. The idea is simple; the implementation is complex. 

We provide a platform where investors can enjoy cash flow and profits without liability beyond their initial investment. The use of pooled investors funds allows for investment in large scale properties allowing the investors to achieve collectively what they can not readily achieve on their own.  

ICIC provides the opportunity and the expertise for the investor to realize their investment goals through high yield, low risk multifamily investment.
Read More 

WHERE...
Extensive due diligence has resulted in ICIC focusing on multifamily investment in the US real estate market and more specifically, multifamily investment in Houston Texas. Forecast for the Texas economy remains well positioned to out-perform the United States, with growth stemming from long time sources such as the energy sector as well as emerging industries. With both, resurgence in established fields and discovery of new plays, the energy sector is likely to remain an important source of business activity. Recent job gains... 
Read More 

WHY...
The US is the largest economy of any country in the world almost double that of China, the second largest. The US is well on its way to a full recovery and provides the most stable investment in the US environment presently available. Americans are pro business and make it easier to facilitate acquisitions and loans than their counterparts in other countries including Canada. 

The opportunity is now...
Read More 









Enter Your Email BelowName: Email: Go! 











 



Disclaimer




Privacy Policy




 









Copyright 2014 © All Rights Reserved





Login


Username



Password


 Remember Me





Lost your password?





Reset Password


Username or E-mail:







Log in












 

Commercial Investment Corporation (Pty)Ltd





















































































MBendi.com

Home
Site Map
About MBendi
Clients
Advertising
MBendi Newsletter



Business News

African News
Energy News
Mining News
Trade News
All News
Subscription
 < <



MBendi Directories
Accommodation
Attractions
Bars
Companies
Components
Equipment
Events
Exchanges
Facilities
Organisations
People
Places
Products
Projects
Raw Materials
Restaurants
Services
Listings
Venues
 < <









Industries of the World
Agriculture
Construction
Electrical Power
Energy
Forestry & Fishing
Manufacturing
Mining
Oil & Gas
Security
Trade
Transport
Travel/Leisure
Waste/Recycling
Other Industries
 < <



Places and Regions of the World
World
Africa
Asia
Australasia
Europe
North America
South America
Countries
Places
 < <



Main Menu

Business News
World Industries
World Regions
Search MBendi
Change Language



Language Choices

Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Dansk
Deutsch
English (US)
Español
Français
IsiNdebele
IsiXhosa
IsiZulu
Italiano
Kiswahili
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Português
Português (Brasil)
Sepedi
Sesotho
Setswana
SiSwati
Suomi
Svenska
TsiVenda
Türkçe
Xitsonga
русский язык
العربية
فارسی
中文
日本語


My MBendi

Home
Change Requests








The World > Africa > Namibia > Khomas > Windhoek
Commercial Investment Corporation (Pty)Ltd

Contents 

General Information
Contact details





:: Update
General Information
Company:Commercial Investment Corporation (Pty)Ltd
Registered in:Namibia
Business Sector(s):Other manufacturing n.e.c.

:: Update
Contact details
Please log on to view full contact details and to message this directory entryNB: You may only send 5 messages in total before you are required to subscribe to MBendi

Commercial Investment Corporation (Pty)Ltd
Tel:(log in to view)
Fax:+264 61 234489
Location:WindhoekKhomasNamibia



loading map ...
FacilityOrganisation/CompanyPlace



















MBendi: [ Clients ] 
[ Advertise ]














[ MBendi Home Page ] [ Sitemap ] [ About MBendi ] [ Policy ] [ Legal Disclaimer ]
Users of the MBendi website are assumed to have read and agreed to our terms and conditions
© 1995-2017, MBendi and its associated information providers







Capital Commercial Investments - About Us






































































Sign In





Sign Up



















                      Sign In
                    


                      Create Account
                    









Email Address


Password



 
Sign In
 


Remember Me




Create Account





Create Account

Email Address


Email Address


You will use your email address to login.
Password


Passwords must be at least 6 characters in length.
Password Again


Enter your password again for confirmation.
Timezone


(UTC-8) Pacific Time (US & Canada)
(UTC-7) Mountain Time (US & Canada)
(UTC-6) Central Time (US & Canada)
(UTC-5) Eastern Time (US & Canada)
(UTC-4)  Atlantic Time (Canada)
(UTC-9)  Alaska (US & Canada)
(UTC-10) Hawaii (US)
(UTC-11) Midway Island, Samoa
(UTC-12) Eniwetok, Kwajalein
(UTC-3:30) Canada/Newfoundland
(UTC-3) Brasilia, Buenos Aires, Georgetown
(UTC-2) Mid-Atlantic
(UTC-1) Azores, Cape Verde Is.
Greenwich Mean Time (Lisbon, London)
(UTC+1) Amsterdam, Berlin, Paris, Rome, Madrid
(UTC+2) Athens, Helsinki, Istanbul, Cairo, E. Europe
(UTC+3) Baghdad, Kuwait, Nairobi, Moscow
(UTC+3:30) Tehran
(UTC+4) Abu Dhabi, Kazan, Muscat
(UTC+4:30) Kabul
(UTC+5) Islamabad, Karachi, Tashkent
(UTC+5:30) Bombay, Calcutta, New Delhi
(UTC+5:45) Nepal
(UTC+6) Almaty, Dhaka
(UTC+6:30) Cocos Islands, Yangon
(UTC+7) Bangkok, Jakarta, Hanoi
(UTC+8) Beijing, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taipei
(UTC+9) Tokyo, Osaka, Sapporto, Seoul, Yakutsk
(UTC+9:30) Adelaide, Darwin
(UTC+10) Brisbane, Melbourne, Sydney, Guam
(UTC+11) Magadan, Solomon Is., New Caledonia
(UTC+12) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is., Wellington

 

I have read and agree to the terms of service.
 
Continue



Already a member?


































Homepage / About Us









Our core investment belief when we started Capital Commercial Investments, Inc. ("CCI") in 1992 was "Capital Preservation First, Profit Second." After more than 100 limited partnerships and the launch of our CCI Private Equity Funds ("PEF"), we remain unwavering in our commitment to this credo. Since its inception, CCI has been consistent in contrarian, value-added real estate investments in the office, retail and industrial sectors in the United States, and has realized average annual returns in excess of 22%.
The foundation of CCI is the strength of its "team" environment and careful adherence to developing a reputation of perseverance, respect, and integrity. CCI's value-enhancement strategies to improve an investment's potential for capital appreciation include aggressive leasing, capital improvements, repositioning and operational plans to grow net operating income.  We believe our diverse and experienced team excels at finding value across a broad spectrum of potential real estate investment opportunities, and realizes the greatest possible returns while minimizing risk. While we continue to grow as a company, these values will remain the most important building blocks of our future success.
CCI Advantage
Capital Commercial Investments, Inc. has historically delivered exceptional returns due to:
Proactive asset management
Flexibility to pursue various asset types within fluctuating market cycles
The skill to identify opportunity where others cannot
The insight and experience to minimize risk
The extensive and diverse backgrounds of our team of professionals gives us the ability to quickly identify and assess opportunities and the insight to creatively structure solid investment and exit strategies.  We enhance the value of our portfolios by charting the best course for each investment and diligently staying on course.
CCI has traditionally had a strong presence in the Texas and Southwestern marketplace, and in recent years has extended its reach to the Northeast and Southeastern regions of the US, allowing for greater geographic diversification. This, coupled with its established experience in the various real estate product types, has enabled CCI to offer its partners a wide range of investment offerings while minimizing risk through product diversification.  Our sustained commitment to excellence and superior performance has allowed us to build upon the trust and confidence of our growing family of investors and institutional clients.

















Company

  About Us
  Our Team
  Privacy
  Terms of Service
  Contact Us



Services

  Overview
  Asset Management
  Development
  Investment Opportunities
  Investment Funds



Acquisitions

  Overview
  Investment Opportunities

Portfolio

  Overview
  CCI Owned Properties





About Capital Commercial
Our core investment belief when we started Capital Commercial Investments, Inc. ("CCI") in 1992 was "Capital Preservation First, Profit Second."
Contact Information
800 Brazos Street, Suite 600, Austin, TX 78701 Phone: +1(800) 903-0007







Capital Commercial Investments, Inc. © 1998-2015. All Rights Reserved.


Powered by CrowdFund Connect.












Share





	Swiss Finance & Investment Corporation   –  Commercial Products	
















 

















































































Commercial Products

 HomeProductsCommercial Products 



 

Commercial ProductsHermes Singson2016-01-21T05:17:41+00:00 














SFIC offers a wide variety of products to meet the financing needs of SME’s. Each loan is customized to fit the client’s funding requirements while balancing it with their specific posibilities to repay the loan.




Term Loans
SME’s that have an established credit history with SFIC can access financing to help with their business expansion or for additional working capital. The terms of a loan vary depending on industry outlook, the ability to repay the loan and past business dealings with the borrower.
Receivables Financing
SME’s assign their accounts receivables to SFIC. The borrower receives an amount that is equal to a reduced value of the receivables pledged. It is also referred to as “factoring”. All receivables are assigned on a “with recourse” basis.
Bridge Financing
Banks take at least 3 to 6 months to process a typical SME loan. SFIC provides financing to SME’s within 10 days to help them with their liquidity requirements until the release of the bank loan. The proceeds of the loan are assigned directly to SFIC.
Merchant Line
This product is a revolving credit line facility for SME Merchants. Through this facility, SME Merchants can turn their future card (i.e., credit, debit, ATM, EPS) sales into cash. Approved line is valid for a year where multiple drawdowns can be made in respect to the merchant’s funding need. Standard drawdown term is 6 months where repayments are made daily, automated, and direct from merchant’s bank account.
































