

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Precision Sheet Metal Shop with CNC Machining












Precision Sheet Metal 
   Shop with CNC Machining




Home
About Us
Testimonials
Contact Us
Polished 
    Stainless Steel
Metal Cabinets
Metal Card Cages
Metal Enclosures
Sub-Assemblies
Metal Brackets
Metal Panels
Metal Frames
Medical 
    Instrumentation
Equipment We Have
 Punching

Machining
Inserting

Tool Grinding
Industries We Serve
 Medical

Telecommunications
Semiconductors
Electronics

 
ISO 9001 Certificate






Precision Sheet Metal Manufacturer
We take pride in working closely with our customers in order to provide 
    a high level of service and dependable, reliable solutions to their project 
    needs. Computron is your complete facility for high quality custom sheet metal 
    fabrication and assembly services. 
Our accomplished and skillful craftsmen can take your project specifications 
    and deliver high quality precision sheet metal fabrication products from a 
    diverse range of metals. We combine our vast knowledge and expertise in the 
    sheet metal fabrication industry with state of the art equipment and software 
    to produce products quickly, efficiently, and at competitive prices. 
With strong attention to detail and craftsmanship of the utmost quality, 
    you can count on Computron to complete your custom metal fabrication job accurately 
    and in a cost-effective manner. As a leading manufacturer and fabricator of 
    high-quality, precision parts, we are also your leading source for electro 
    mechanical assemblies, steel laser cutting, and sheet metal fabrication assemblies. 
   
 
Accurate. Precise. High-Quality Craftsmanship. Custom Sheet Metal Fabrication 
    Services from Computron Metal Products, Inc. 
 







 














Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.































Computron Metal Products Inc - Whitman, MA - Metal Products







 




























 




Whitman, MA



Metal Products



 
 










Sign in




















Metal Products

Computron Metal Products Inc 





66 Pond St

Whitman,
                    MA
02382

                    -
                    Plymouth County














                    (781) 447-2265

                  








Select




Send

Print





























Details



About:
Computron Metal Products Inc was established in 2005,  in Whitman, MA - Plymouth County and  is a business listed in the categories Metal Products, Metal Repair Services, Steel & Metal Goods, Metal Service Centers And Other Metal Merchant Wholesalers, Metals Service Centers & Offices and Metal Products Wholesale and offers Metal, Sheet Metal, Sheets, Brackets, Cabinets, Cutting, Houses / Homes, Enclosures, Assembly, Buffing etc. If you did business with Computron Metal Products Inc, please leave a review and help us improve and help other people. Also, don't forget to mention Hubbiz.
          
        


Categories:

            Metal Products, 
            Metal Repair Services, 
            Steel & Metal Goods, 
            Metal Service Centers and Other Metal Merchant Wholesalers, 
            Metals Service Centers & Offices, 
            Metal Products Wholesale
    



Product Features:Stainless

Location Features:Shops

Products:Metal, Sheet Metal, Sheets, Brackets, Cabinets, Steel, Frames, Tools, Panels, Parts, Electronics, Mechanical

Services:Cutting, Houses / Homes, Enclosures, Assembly, Buffing, Grinding, Detailing, Machine Work, Medical

Industry Type:Industrial, Manufacturer

Year Started:2005

Years in Business:6


Website:

computronmetal.com



Share




Tweet










Additional Phones:


              (781) 447-3089 (Fax)
            


























Useful content








Discover Valuable Information
            We organize and make available for you to find over 30 million pieces of content shared by over 10 million local businesses and professionals.
            
            Find advice, how-tos, news, deals, videos and much more.
          




 Find More Content











Generating recommendations...







    Reviews for Computron Metal Products Inc
  


 Leave a 





 









Write a compliment here...






signin
250 250
Send









0 Be the first to write a review
      






 



Explore more like Computron Metal Products Inc


Whitman, MA



Metal Products





Whitman, MA



Metal Repair Services





Whitman, MA



Steel & Metal Goods














Metal Products






Computron Metal Products Inc

Metal Products

66 Pond St
Whitman, MA









South Shore Ornamental Ir

Metal Repair Services

58 W Elm St
Pembroke, MA









President Titanium

Metal Repair Services

243 Franklin St
Hanson, MA









AAA Metals Co Inc

Steel & Metal Goods

68 Industrial Blvd Ste 13
Hanson, MA









Tek Supply Inc

Metal Repair Services

208 High St
Randolph, MA









South Shore Ornamental Iron

Metal Repair Services

208 North Ave
Abington, MA








Free QR Code



Download
— or embed —

Copy code





Business Owner?
Claim this Business
— or —
Add your Business


For your website


      Add the followers counter:





Copy
Customize
























Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter
        | Some data from Acxiom
    

















 I own or represent this business

 Address is a residence
 Incorrect information
 Business doesn't exist
 I have more information about this business
 Phone is a personal number
 I want to contact Hubbiz





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 











St. Louis VMware Partner | Computron Incorporated

















































 













VMware Virtualization



Virtualization is now a critical component to any current or future network strategy.  Over a decade of innovation has established VMware as the global leader in virtualization. As the world’s most trusted and reliable virtualization infrastructure solution, VMware allows businesses to create secure private clouds and enjoy a safe journey to public clouds.  In addition, Virtualization lets businesses lower their capital costs by reducing the amount of hardware needed and by increasing performance and energy efficiency. VMware customers typically save 50-70% on overall IT costs by consolidating their IT resources and delivering high availability across the network. Computron delivers a complete enterprise virtualization platform from the desktop through the datacenter and out to the cloud for businesses.








VMware Products and SolutionsVMware Virtualization Home
VMware Enterprise
VMware SMB
VMware Cloud
VMware Products
VMware Solutions
Contact Us  1-800-824-1988 
Email: info@computron.com
Contact us today to schedule a free site
visit or to request a quotation.
 





 











Business Phone Systems St. Louis | VOIP Telephone Systems | St. Louis Phone System Installers | Computron




















































 














Cisco IP Telephony   –   Learn More


EMC Storage Arrays   –   Learn More


Cisco Telepresence   –   Learn More


VMWare Virtualization   –   Learn More


Cisco Networking   –   Learn More


Windstream Telecommunications Partner   –   Learn More











             
 Convergent Enterprise Network and Communication Technologies
 






Business Phone Systems Since 1994 Computron has designed and installed phone systems for small business, corporate enterprise,  government and educational institutions.  Cisco is the world leader in Unified Communications, which combines voice, video, data and mobile phone applications on a single IP network. Whether your office has only a few employees or is a large enterprise, we can provide the finest network and business phone systems to meet all of your company's communications needs.  
Learn more 
EMC Advanced Data Storage EMC is the world leader in advanced data storage, network security, replication, and disaster recovery solutions.  This is why 90% of Fortune 500 companies employ EMC solutions to power and protect their enterprise networks.  Computron is a leading provider of advanced EMC technology solutions for enterprise business organizations.  With a passion for excellence and a long history of providing our customers with proven and affordable solutions, we bring together the skilled professionals and experience to meet the goals of all of our valued customers.         
  
Learn more  
Business Telepresence Cisco Telepresence is known as the standard for real time In-Person collaboration solutions that redefine the way that business gets done.   Organizations the world over are experiencing the transformational impact of faster decision making, enhanced working relationships, lower costs, and improved business phone systems productivity that is delivered by implementing telepresence systems.   Computron is an enterprise network corporation that specializes in the implementation of advanced business phone systems and unified video and data systems.      
  
Learn more 
VMware From the largest multinationals to the smallest start-ups, VMware solutions are the choice of over 500,000 customers, including the entire Fortune Global 100. VMware lets your company significantly reduce capital and operational costs by increasing energy efficiency and requiring less hardware through server consolidation.  Most importantly, the expanded capabilities of VMware enable always-on business continuity and simplified disaster recovery.  In addition, virtualization allows for high availability of business phone systems and provides for totally redundant telecommunications. Computron provides a complete virtualization solution for local and regional enterprise businesses.   
  
Learn more  
Cisco Networking  The business world is facing complex challenges that call for innovative IT solutions.  For over thirty years Cisco has been leading the way in global networking and is now the world leader in both advanced IT network equipment and business phone systems.  Through innovative approaches, Cisco is constantly creating state of the art technologies that bring faster access to information on increasingly advanced secure network platforms.  Business phone systems now run on advanced IP networks. In addition to providing the best phone system in the world, Cisco makes the best networks for these advanced phone systems to run on. Computron is leading the way in implementing advanced phone and networking systems for business.   
  
Learn more 
Carrier Services Windstream is a leading provider of advanced network communications. Windstream’s unsurpassed line of services includes complete business phone system support, secure business-class internet, local and long distance phone services, web and email hosting, online backup systems, and much more. With a customer base that includes the majority of all Fortune 500 companies and customer service that is second to none, Windstream is the world's proven IT service provider. Computron provides the world's leading business phone systems. Together, Computron and Windstream provide businesses with the most advanced convergent enterprise voice, video, and data solutions on the market today.    
  
Learn more 
 








 











Products - Business Phone Systems | Computron Incorporated St. Louis



















































 






















EMC Products and Solutions
Cisco IP Telephony Products and Solutions
Cisco Telepresence Products and Solutions
Cisco Networking Products and Solutions
VMWare Products and Solutions
Windstream Products and Solutions
Contact us today to schedule a free site
visit or to request a quotation.
 





 











Partners - Business Phone Systems | Computron Incorporated St. Louis
















































 






















EMC
Cisco IP Telephony
Cisco Telepresence
Cisco Networking
VMware Virtualization
Windstream
Contact us today to schedule a free site
visit or to request a quotation.
 





 











Products - Business Phone Systems | Computron Incorporated St. Louis



















































 






















EMC Products and Solutions
Cisco IP Telephony Products and Solutions
Cisco Telepresence Products and Solutions
Cisco Networking Products and Solutions
VMWare Products and Solutions
Windstream Products and Solutions
Contact us today to schedule a free site
visit or to request a quotation.
 





 











Contacts - Business Phone Systems | Computron Incorporated St. Louis
















































 













Contact Information
 
Email: info@computron.com

Missouri
8000 Maryland Avenue, Suite 1250
St. Louis, MO 63105
(314) 899-0777

Illinois
6 Sunset Hills Professional Centre
Edwardsville, IL 62025
(618) 656-3440
 








Main MenuHome
Markets
Partners
Products
About
Contacts
Careers
Contact Us  1-800-824-1988 
Email: info@computron.com
Contact us today to schedule a free site
visit or to request a quotation.
 





 











St. Louis Cisco Networking Partner | Computron Incorporated

















































 













Enterprise Cisco Network Solutions

Integration of new technologies into complex network infrastructures poses one of today’s greatest IT challenges. Business is now conducted by combining infinite combinations of voice, data, and video communications across IP network infrastructures. Computron specializes in the implementation of enterprise Cisco convergent network and communications technologies for small, midsize and enterprise businesses.
.
 








Cisco Networking Products and SolutionsCisco Networking Home
Cisco Unified Computing and Servers
Cisco Routers
Cisco Switches
Cisco Wireless
Cisco WebEX
Contact Us  1-800-824-1988 
Email: info@computron.com
Contact us today to schedule a free site
visit or to request a quotation.
 





 











St. Louis EMC Partner | Computron Incorporated



















































 













EMC Storage, Security & Disaster Recovery

Information illuminates our world and EMC is lighting the way as one of the world’s foremost leaders in advanced information technology. Computron is a leading technology company with a proven record of experience designing and implementing EMC’s enterprise Data Storage, Replication, Security, and Disaster Recovery solutions. We bring together the right talent, processes, and technologies to address our customer’s missions and requirements.








EMC Products and SolutionsEMC Products Home
EMC Atmos
EMC Isilon
EMC VNX
EMC VNXe
EMC Symmetrix VMAX 10K
EMC Symmetrix VMAX 20K
EMC Symmetrix VMAX SE
EMC Symmetrix VMAX 40K
Contact Us  1-800-824-1988 
Email: info@computron.com
Contact us today to schedule a free site
visit or to request a quotation.
 
































Metal Products near Whitman, MA - Plymouth County







 






























Whitman, MA






 
 

0 selected
0 recently viewed



Sign up
Sign in
Add Business









Find




Businesses


Deals


Content


Videos









Businesses


Deals



Content



Videos





Near





 
 Search





















Counties:
Plymouth County22Norfolk County3


Filters:



     
    
      Has Website
      8





Products:




     
    
      Metal
      5






     
    
      Sheets
      5






     
    
      Sheet Metal
      5






     
    
      Steel
      2




Credit Cards Accepted:




     
    
      American Exp...
      1






     
    
      Mastercard
      1




Professionals On Staff:




     
    
      Contractors
      1




Year Started:




     
    
      2005
      2





Categories:
Sheet MetalSheet Metal Equipment & SuppliesSheet Metal ManufacturersMetals Service Centers & OfficesSheet Metalwork Manufacturer
More 

Metals Service Centers & OfficesSheet Metal ProductsSheet Metal Work ManufacturingMetal Service Centers and Other Metal Merchant Wholesalers








          Metal Products
             near  Whitman, MA - Plymouth County

Displaying all 10 businesses






Type:

Businesses


Content


Deals


Videos





Filtered
clear





















Computron Metal Products Inc

Metal Service Centers and Other Metal Merchant Wholesalers in Whitman, MA

66 Pond St

Whitman,
                MA
02382



(781) 447-2265





Select



Save
                

Send














Gill Metal Fab

Metal Service Centers and Other Metal Merchant Wholesalers in Brockton, MA

20 Holland St

Brockton,
                MA
02301



(508) 580-4445





Select



Save
                

Send














Nickerson Sheet Metal

Sheet Metal Equipment & Supplies in East Bridgewater, MA

424 W Pond St

East Bridgewater,
                MA
02333



(508) 350-0172





Select



Save
                

Send














Gill Metal Fab Inc

Metal Service Centers and Other Metal Merchant Wholesalers in Brockton, MA

20 Holland St

Brockton,
                MA
02301



(508) 580-4445





Select



Save
                

Send














Zeolie Sheet Metal CO

Metal Service Centers and Other Metal Merchant Wholesalers in Rockland, MA

290 Weymouth St Ste 5

Rockland,
                MA
02370








Select



Save
                

Send














McStowe Engineering & Metal

Aluminum Products Manufacturers in East Bridgewater, MA

548 Spring St

East Bridgewater,
                MA
02333



(508) 378-7400





Select



Save
                

Send














Bryant Sheet Metal

Sheet Metal Work Manufacturing in Hanover, MA

301 Winter St

Hanover,
                MA
02339



(781) 826-4113





Select



Save
                

Send














XYZ SHEET METAL

Sheet Metal Work Manufacturing in ABINGTON, ma

281 WASHINGTON ST

ABINGTON,
                MA
02351



(339) 788-9866





Select



Save
                

Send














B B Sheet Metal

Sheet Metal Work Manufacturing in Brockton, MA

291 Howard St

Brockton,
                MA
02302



(508) 584-3808





Select



Save
                

Send














Riverside Sheet Metal

Sheet Metal Work Manufacturing in Brockton, ma

10 E Market St

Brockton,
                MA
02301



(508) 580-6020





Select



Save
                

Send
































Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter
        | Some data from Acxiom
    














 I didn't find what I want
 The search is too slow
 The search is difficult to use
 I want to contact Hubbiz




















Computron Inc | Brand | Euro















 





ExploreUploadSign inJoinclose user settings menuOptionsJoinSign InUpload




Computron IncUploaded by JD_04Related InterestsBrandEuroProfit (Accounting)Option (Finance)CostRating and Stats0.0 (0)Document ActionsDownloadShare or Embed DocumentEmbedView MoreCopyright: Attribution Non-Commercial (BY-NC)Download as PDF, TXT or read online from ScribdFlag for inappropriate content
Recommended DocumentsDocuments Similar To Computron IncComputron Inc.wac Reportby nilayjComputron Inc Notesby frenchy15HPcase Submissionby bhurrarocksDocuments About BrandDistribution Manager Resume Sampleby resume7.comLoyalty Management by Loyalty360Taking a Stand Against GMOby Children Of Vietnam Veterans Health AllianceMore From JD_04Listening and Feedback_Group 5by JD_04Sehar- Group Dynamicsby JD_04Management Information System in Petrol Sales and Operations Companyby JD_04
Screen Reader Compatibility InformationDue to the method this document is displayed on the page, screen readers may not read the content correctly. For a better experience, please download the original document and view it in the native application on your computer.


 





 

REPORT ONTHE GROWTH AND EXPANSION POLICY INTHE EUROPEAN DOMAINOFCOMPUTRON INC.

INSTITUTE OF PETROLEUM MANAGEMENT, GANDHINAGAR

Submitted to: Prof Sanjay GuptaDate of Submission: 15.09.2008Submitted by: Joydeep MukherjeeRoll No: 20081020
























 

 To: Mr Thomas Zimmerman (Manager, European Sales Division, Computron Inc.)From: Joydeep MukherjeeDate: 15 September, 2008.Subject: Evaluation of the Opportunities and Challenges faced by the companyThe report presents an outlook of the action plan for future growth of Computron Inc inEurope. The analysis has been done keeping in mind the opportunities in the presentcontext, especially the deal with Konie & Cie., AG. Regarding challenges, the feasibility of thenew plant in Frankfurt, Germany and the competition faced by upcoming rivals have beenduly considered.
























 

 

Executive Summary:

The mode of expansion of the company in the European market is the crux of the issue. Thecompany has started its manufacturing in Germany which has reduced the product’s pricebut further reduction can be done in basis of R&D cost and transportation cost. Factors likecompromise on quality of the product, break even analysis pertaining to the investmentmade, effect of price reduction on brand image and increment in market share both in theGerman as well as European market has been considered. The effective policy would be toonly manufacture cost effective products in the German manufacturing unit with a differentbrand name.

(

Word Count: 106

)











































































Sign up to vote on this titleUsefulNot usefulClose DialogAre you sure?This action might not be possible to undo. Are you sure you want to continue?CANCELOKClose DialogGet the full title to continueGet the full title to continue reading from where you left off, or restart the preview.Restart preview





















Computron Metal Products Inc in Whitman, MA - (781) 447-2265





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Computron Metal Products Inc

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Computron Metal Products Inc



66 Pond St
Whitman, MA 02382






Contact:
Russell J Leone


Title:
President


Phone:


                        781-447-2265
                    



Website:

www.computronmetal.com







There are 

4
                Companies located at 66 Pond St, Whitman, MA 02382
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Computron Metal Products is located in Whitman, Massachusetts. This organization primarily operates in the Sheet Metalwork business / industry within the Fabricated Metal Products sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 39 years. Computron Metal Products is estimated to generate $2.8 million in annual revenues, and employs approximately 17 people at this single location.









Sector:

Fabricated Metal Products



Category:

Sheet Metalwork



Industry:

Sheet Metalwork




SIC Code:

3444











Name:
Computron Metal Products Inc


Year Founded:


1978






State of Inc:
Massachusetts


Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 2,806,836



Employees:

17



Facility Size:

10,000 sqft



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 02382






Percentage Population



13,968
White
267
Hispanic
287
Black
161
Asian
89
Native American
9
Hawaiian
230
Other


96.4 %
White
1.8 %
Hispanic
2.0 %
Black
1.1 %
Asian
0.6 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
1.6 %
Other













Population




Population 
14,489




Female51.2%7,419


Male48.8%7,070




Median Age

38.2




Female39.2


Male37.1






























Questions & Answers









Where is Computron Metal Products located?





Computron Metal Products is located at 66 Pond St, Whitman, MA 02382.







What is the internet address for Computron Metal Products?





The website (URL) for Computron Metal Products is www.computronmetal.com.







How long has Computron Metal Products been in business?





Computron Metal Products has been in business for approximately 39 years.









Is there a key contact at Computron Metal Products?





Russell J Leone is the President at Computron Metal Products. You can contact Russell at (781) 447-2265.







What are the annual sales for Computron Metal Products?





Computron Metal Products generates approximately $2.8 million in annual sales.







How many people work at Computron Metal Products?





Computron Metal Products has approximately 17 employees at this location.







What is the phone number for Computron Metal Products?





The phone number for Computron Metal Products is (781) 447-2265







Are there other companies located at 66 Pond St, Whitman, MA?





There are 4 commercial tenants at 66 Pond St, Whitman, MA.







How big is Computron Metal Products?





Computron Metal Products is estimated to generate $2.8 million in annual revenues, and employs approximately 17 people. They occupy this facility which is approximately 10,000 square feet.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 02382






Average House Value


                                $ 300,500
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 74,610
                            



Number of Households

5,300



Persons per Household

2.73













Number of Businesses

640



Number of Employees

2,382



Land Area (square miles)

6.940



Water Area (square miles)

0.023



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close





























Computron Metal Products Inc                                                                                             - Whitman                                           , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Whitman



Sheet Metalwork



Sheet Metalwork



                            Computron Metal Products Inc
                                    



 





















C 


Computron Metal Products Inc                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



66 POND ST WHITMAN, MA 02382
Get Directions



(781) 447-2265
www.computronmetal.com                                                                                  





Business Info



 Founded 1978
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $3,087,520.00
 Employee Count 17
 Industries Sheet Metalwork
 Contacts Russell J Leone                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1978, Computron Metal Products Inc                                                                                             has been providing Sheet Metalwork from Whitman. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Computron, Inc










Computron, Inc.
Ralph Z. Sorenson,
II
 
Mr. Thomas Zimmermann,
manager of the European Sales Division of Computron,
Inc., trying to decide what price to submit on his bid to sell a Computron 1000X digital computer to Konig
& Cie., A.G., West Germany's largest chemical
company. Were Mr. Zimmermann to follow Computron's
standard pricing policy of adding a 331/3 percent markup to factory costs and
then including transportation costs and import duty, the bid he would submit
would amount to $311,200. Mr. Zimmermann was afraid that a bid of this
magnitude would not be low enough to win the contract for Computron.
Four other computer
manufacturers had been invited by Konig to submit
bids for the contract Mr. Zimmermann had received information from what he
considered to be a "reliable trade source" which indicated that at
least one of these four competitors was planning to name a price somewhere in
the neighborhood of $218,000. Computron's normal
price of $311,200 would be $93,200, or approximately 43 percent higher than
this price. In conversations which he had had with Konig's
vice president in charge of purchasing, Mr. Zimmermann had been led to believe
that Computron would have a chance of winning the
contract only if its bid were no more than 20 percent higher than the bid of
the lowest competitor.
Inasmuch as Konig was Computron's most
important German customer, Mr. Zimmermann was particularly concerned about this
contract and was wondering what strategy to employ in pricing his bid.
Background on Computron and Its Products
Computron, Inc., was
an American firm which had, in the winter of 1998, opened a European sales
office in Paris
with Mr. Zimmermann as its manager. The company's main product both in the United States and in Europe, was the 1000X
computer, a medium-size digital computer designed specifically for process
control applications.
In the  late - 1990s, the
market for digital process control computers was growing quite rapidly. These
computers were substantially different from the computers used for data
processing and engineering calculation. They also were generally produced by
companies which specialized in digital process control computers, not by the
manufacturers of office and/or calculation-oriented digital computers. The
companies also were different from those companies which had produced analog
process control computers-the traditional units used for process control.
Digital computers were
classed as small, medium, or large, depending on their size, complexity, and
cost. Small computers sold in the price range up to $80,000; medium computers
in the price range $80,000 to $600,000; and large computers in the price range
$1 million to $6 million.
The Computron
IOOOX had been designed specifically for process control application. It was
used in chemical and other process industries (oil refining, pulp and paper,
food manufacture, etc.) as well. as in power plants,
particularly nuclear power plants.
In addition to its IOOOX
computer, Computron manufactured a small line of
accessory process control computer equipment. These accessories, however,
constituted a relatively insignificant share of the company's overall sales
volume.
           

           
During the first 6 months after its opening, the European sales office did only
about $1,100,000 worth of business. In the 1999-2000 fiscal year,
however, sales increased sharply, the total for the year being $5 million. Computron's total worldwide sales during that same year
were roughly $44 million. Of the European countries, Germany was one of Computron's most important markets, having contributed
$1,200,000, or 24 percent of the European sales total in 1999-2000. Britain and Sweden were likewise important
markets, having contributed 22 percent and 18 percent respectively, to the 1999-2000
total. The remaining 36 percent of sales was spread
throughout the rest of Europe.
           
Computron computers sold to European customers were
manufactured and assembled in the United States
and shipped to Europe for installation.
Because of their external manufacture these computers were subject to an import
duty. The amount of this tariff varied from country to country. The German
tariff on computers of this type sold by Computron
was 17 1/2 percent of the United
  States sales price.
           
Prompted primarily by a desire to reduce this importation duty, Computron was constructing a plant in Frankfurt West Germany. This
plant which would serve the entire European Common Market was scheduled for
opening on September 15, 2000. Initially it was to be used only for the
assembly of 1000X computers. Assembly in Germany would lower the German
importation duty from 171/2 percent to 15 percent. Ultimately the company
planned to use the plant for the fabrication of component parts as well.
Computers which were completely manufactured in Germany would be entirely free from
the importation duty.
           
The new plant was to occupy 10,000 square feet and would employ 20 to 30 people
in the first year. The initial yearly overhead for this plant was expected to
be approximately $300,000. As of July 2000, the European sales office had no
contracts on which the new plant could begin work, although it was anticipated
that the training of employees and the assembly and installation of a pilot model
100OX computer in the new plant could keep the plant busy for 2 or 3 months
after it opened. Mr. Zimmermann was somewhat concerned about the possible risk
that the new plant might have to sit idle after these first 2 or 3 months
unless Computron could win the present Konig contract
Company Pricing Policy
Computron had always concentrated on being
the quality, "blue-chip" company in its segment of the digital
computer industry. The company prided itself on manufacturing what it
considered to be the best all-around computer of its kind in terms of
precision, dependability, flexibility, and ease of operation.
Computron did not try to sell the, 100OX on
the basis of price. The price charged by Computron
was very often higher than that being charged for competing equipment In spite
of this fact the superior quality of Computron's
computers had, to date, enabled the company to compete successfully in both.the United States
and Europe.
The European price for the 1000X computer was normally
figured as follows:
 
United States
"cost"                
(Includes factory cost and factory overhead)
Plus
Markup of 33%
percent            (To Cover
profit. Research and development on "cost" allowances,
and selling expenses)
transportation and installation costs
Plus
Importation duty 
----------------------------------
Total European price
Prices calculated by the
above method tended to vary slightly because of the country-to-country
difference in tariffs and the difference in components between specific
computers.2 In the case of the present Konig
application, Mr. Zimmermann had calculated that the "normal" price
for the 100OX computer would be $311, 200. Exhibit 1 shows his calculations.
The 33 1/3 percent markup
on cost used by the company was designed to provide a before tax profit margin
of 15 percent, a research and development allowance of 10 percent and a selling
and administrative expense allowance of 8 percent The stated policy of top
management was clearly against cutting this markup in order to obtain sales.
Management felt that the practice of cutting prices "not only reduced
profits, but also reflected unfavorably on the company's 'quality' image."
Mr. Zimmermann knew that Computron's president was
especially eager not to cut prices at this particular moment inasmuch as Computron's overall profit before taxes had been only 6
percent of sales in 1999-2000 as compared with 17 percent in 1998-1999.
Consequently, the president had stated that he not only wanted to try to
maintain the 33 1/3 percent markup on cost; he also was eager to raise it.
In spite of Computron's policy of maintaining prices, Mr. Zimmermann
was aware of a few isolated instances when the markup on cost had been dropped
to the neighborhood of 25 percent in order to obtain important orders in the United States.
In fact he was aware of one instance in the United States when the markup had
been cut to 20 percent In the European market however,
Computron had never yet deviated from the policy of
maintaining a 33 1/3 percent markup on cost.
 
'Depending on the specific
application in question, the components of the 1000X varied slightly so that
each machine was somewhat different from the rest
EXHIBIT 1
CALCULATED "NORMAL" PPDCE FOR THE 100OX COMPUTER FOR KONIG
Factory cost    
                                   
$192,000
33%% markup on cost 
                       
64,000
U.S. list price  
                                   
256,000
Import duty (15% of U.S. list
price)      
38,400
Transportation and
Installation           
16,800
Total "normal"
price                            311,200
 
 
 
The Customer
Konig & Cie.,
A.G., was the largest manufacturer and processor of basic chemicals and
chemical products in West
  Germany. It operated a number of chemical
plants located throughout the country. To date it had purchased three digital
computer process control systems, all from Computron.
The three systems had been bought during 1999-2000 and had represented $1
million worth of business for Computron. Thus Konig was Computron's largest
German customer and had alone accounted for over 80 percent of Computron's 1999-2000 sales to Germany.
Mr. Zimmermann felt that
the primary reason Konig had purchased Computron computer systems in the past was their proven
reputation for flexibility, accuracy, and overall high quality. So far, Konig officials seemed well pleased with the performance of
their Computron computers.
Looking ahead, Mr.
Zimmermann felt that Konig, in contrast to any other
single German customer, would continue to represent more potential future
business. He estimated that during the next year or two Konig
would have a need for another $1 million worth of digital computer equipment.
The computer on which Konig was presently inviting bids was to be used in the
training of operators for a new chemical plant The
training program was to last approximately 4 to 5 years. At the end of the
program the computer would be either scrapped or converted for other uses. The
calculations which the computer would be called upon to perform were highly
specialized and would require little machine flexablity.
In the specifications which had been published along with the invitation to
bid, Konig management had stated that in buying this
computer Konig was primarily interested in
dependability and a reasonable price. Machine flexibility and pinpoint accuracy
were listed as being of very minor importance, inasmuch as the machine was to
be used primarily for training purposes and not for on-fine process control.
 
Competition
In West Germany,
approximately nine companies were competing with Computron
in the sale of medium-priced digital process control computers. Exhibit 2 shows
a breakdown of sales among these companies for 1 year. As can be seen from this
exhibit four companies accounted for 80 percent of industry wide sales in 1999-2000.
Mr. Zimmermann was
primarily concerned with the competition offered by the following companies:
Ruhr Machinenfabrik,
A.G. A very
aggressive German company which was trying hard to expand its share of the
market Ruhr sold a
Exhibit 2
1997-1998 MARKET SHARES FOR
COMPANIES SELLING
MEDIUM-PRICED DIGITAL
COMPUTERS TO THE WEST
GERMAN MARKET
           
                                                                                   
Dollars             %        

Computron, Inc.                                  
                                   
1,200,000         30.0
Ruhr Machinenfabrik,
A.G.     
           
                                  
  800,000          
20.0
Elektronische Datenverarbeitungsanlagen,
A-G.      
             
  500,000          
12.5
Digitex, G.m.b.H.                                                                    
700,000            17.5
Six other
companies-(combined)        
                                   
  800,000          
20.0
Total   
                                                                                   
4,000,000          100.0
medium-quality,
general-purpose digital computer at a price which was roughly 22 1/2 percent
lower than the price which Computron charged for its
1000X computer. Seventeen and one-half percentage points of this price
differential was attributable to the fact that there was no import duty on the
Ruhr machine, inasmuch as it was manufactured entirely in Germany. Though
to date Ruhr had sold only general-purpose
computers, reliable trade source dictated that the company was presently
developing a special computer in an effort to win the Konig
bid. The price which Ruhr was planning to
place on the special-purpose computer was reported to be in the neighborhood of
$218,000. Elektronische Datenverarbeitungsaniagen,
A.G.
A relatively new company
which had recently developed a general-purpose computer of a quality comparable
to that of the Computron 1000X. Mr. Zimmermann felt
that Elektronische Datenverarbeitungsanlagen
presented a real long-range threat to Computron's
position as the "blue-chip" company in the industry. In order
to get a foothold in the industry it had sold its first computer "almost
at cost" Since that time, however, it had undersold Computron
only by the amount of the import duty to which Computron's
computers were subject.
Digitex,G.m.b.H. A subsidiary of an American firm, this company had
complete manufacturing facilities in Germany and produced a wide line of
computer equipment. The Digitex computer which
competed with the Computron 1000X was only of fair
quality. Digitex often engaged in price-cutting
tactics, and the price which it charged for its computer had sometimes, in the
past, been as much as 50 percent lower than that charged by Computron
for its 1000X. In spite of this difference, Computron
had usually been able to compete successfully against Digitex
because of the technical superiority of the Computron
1000X.
Mr. Zimmermann was not
overly concerned about the remaining competitors, inasmuch as he did not
consider them significant factors in Computron's
segment of the computer industry.
 
The West German Market
for
Medium-Priced Digital
Computers
The total estimated West
German market for medium-priced digital process control computers of the type
manufactured by Computron was presently running at
about $4 million per year, Mr. Zimmermann thought that this market could be
expected to increase at an annual rate of about 25 percent for the next several
years. For 2000-2001 he already had positive knowledge of about $1,300,000
worth of specific new business. This new business was broken down as follows:
Kdnig & Cie.,
A.G.
Frankfurt plant  
                                   
          $ 300,000
Dusseldorf plant
                                               
250,000
Mannheim plant
                                               
150,000
Central German Power
Commission      
            440,000
Deutsche Autowerke     
                                   
160,000
       
$1,300,000
The above business was in
addition to the computer which Konig was presently
seeking for its new experimental pilot plant None of
this already known business was expected to materialize until late spring or
early summer.
 
 
Deadline for Bids
In the light of the various
facts and considerations discussed above, Mr. Zimmermann was wondering what
price to bid on the Konig contract. The deadline for
the submission of bids to Konig was August 1, 2000.
Since this was less than 2 weeks away, he knew he would have to reach a
decision sometime during the next few days.
 






Precision Sheet Metal Shop with CNC Machining












Precision Sheet Metal 
   Shop with CNC Machining




Home
About Us
Testimonials
Contact Us
Polished 
    Stainless Steel
Metal Cabinets
Metal Card Cages
Metal Enclosures
Sub-Assemblies
Metal Brackets
Metal Panels
Metal Frames
Medical 
    Instrumentation
Equipment We Have
 Punching

Machining
Inserting

Tool Grinding
Industries We Serve
 Medical

Telecommunications
Semiconductors
Electronics

 
ISO 9001 Certificate






Precision Sheet Metal Manufacturer
We take pride in working closely with our customers in order to provide 
    a high level of service and dependable, reliable solutions to their project 
    needs. Computron is your complete facility for high quality custom sheet metal 
    fabrication and assembly services. 
Our accomplished and skillful craftsmen can take your project specifications 
    and deliver high quality precision sheet metal fabrication products from a 
    diverse range of metals. We combine our vast knowledge and expertise in the 
    sheet metal fabrication industry with state of the art equipment and software 
    to produce products quickly, efficiently, and at competitive prices. 
With strong attention to detail and craftsmanship of the utmost quality, 
    you can count on Computron to complete your custom metal fabrication job accurately 
    and in a cost-effective manner. As a leading manufacturer and fabricator of 
    high-quality, precision parts, we are also your leading source for electro 
    mechanical assemblies, steel laser cutting, and sheet metal fabrication assemblies. 
   
 
Accurate. Precise. High-Quality Craftsmanship. Custom Sheet Metal Fabrication 
    Services from Computron Metal Products, Inc. 
 







 



Home - Computron



















































































  





 

 







 





Aptean Acquires Computron
Learn More








Aptean Acquires Computron
Learn More



 







Looking for
 Chameleon:
the reporting, budgeting and analysis solution?




Webinar
About









Our Products






Accounts Payable (AP)
To manage your organization’s buying and payment activities









Accounts Receivable (AR)
Take charge of your organization's cash collection activities









Chameleon
Chameleon is a reporting, budgeting and analysis solution









Credit Management Portal
Strong oversight of each task in your revenue cycle









Expense Cycle Management
integrates with Computron’s Workflow module and other modules in the suite









Fixed Assets (FA)
Enables you to access and report an asset’s physical and budgetary information









General Ledger (GL)
Achieve comprehensive account visibility across multiple companies and divisions









Journal Cycle Management
Gives managers the opportunity to validate transactions & attach explanatory notes









Procurement Portal
Supervises the entire procurement lifecycle process









Computron G2
Computron G2 is centered on our world class General ledger





Our Solutions




					Financial Management (FM)
				




				The Financial Management portion of our Enterprise Financials suite can address your most pressing business needs while streamlining outmoded business practices, all through an intuitive, user-friendly interface. Learn More







					Procure to Pay (P2P)
				




				Computron’s Procure to Pay (P2P) is a comprehensive, web-based solution that manages the entire procurement cycle from requistion to payment.  It provides fast and secure online access to key procurement functions while introducing budgetary control over expenditures. Learn More







					Budgeting and Reporting
				




				Spent a fortune on your ERP, yet still building budgets in Excel? Introducing Chameleon. Budgeting, Forecasting and and Reporting for Municipalities. Learn More







					Revenue Management (RM)
				




				Manage your entire billing, collection, and cash application process via an easy-to-use and configure web-based system. Revenue Management tools enable you to forge lasting customer relationships by streamlining customer dispute handling, account inquiries, and adjustments. Learn More







					Business Performance Management
				




				Display, analyze, report, budget, plan. Computron’s Chameleon is an inquiry, reporting, budgeting and business analysis tool. It provides real time, instant financial and other information to managers and staff at all levels of your organisation from high level to transaction reporting. Learn More


 








Discover why Computron is a leader in Enterprise Financial Management Software




Learn More









Meet Some of Our Customers









Recent News


Testimonials



We were very impressed with the quality of the Computron Chameleon people who did our implementation.





Jeff SnyderFinance Director - City of Venice FL









 































