






Compass Minerals | Salt - Plant Nutrients - Magnesium Chloride




















































 

















X








X








            X
          







A GLOBAL PRESENCE
We have amplified our global presence with the complete acquisition of Produquímica, Brazil’s leading manufacturer of specialty plant nutrients.

                    Read Story                  





OUR CORE PURPOSE
Our business is essential minerals, but our purpose is to help keep people safe, feed the world and enrich lives every day.

                    Watch Video                  





WORKING AT COMPASS MINERALS
At Compass Minerals, our teams are dedicated to meaningful, exciting and challenging work. Our employees are encouraged to do something essential, every day.

                    Watch Video                  





A TRANSFORMATIVE YEAR 
Compass Minerals releases 2016 Annual Report













THROUGH THE RESPONSIBLE TRANSFORMATION OF THE EARTH’S NATURAL RESOURCES, WE HELP KEEP PEOPLE SAFE, FEED THE WORLD AND ENRICH LIVES EVERYDAY.





BROWSE
            INVESTMENT RESOURCES



















May 3, 2017
Compass Minerals Reports First Quarter Earnings










April 25, 2017
Compass Minerals Announces Departure of Chief Financial Officer










April 12, 2017
Diana Toman Named to Ingram’s 2017 Class of 40 Under Forty










March 28, 2017
Compass Minerals Names Patrick D. Linehan Chief Financial Officer




















Locations - Compass Minerals
















































 

















X








X









LOCATIONS 



























































































































LOCATION KEY







 Headquarters 

Overland Park, Kansas




 Underground Salt Mining 

Goderich, Ontario
Winsford Cheshire, U.K.
Cote Blanche, Louisiana




 Solar Evaporation 

Ogden, Utah




 Mechanical Evaporation 

Unity, Saskatchewan
Lyons, Kansas
Goderich, Ontario






 Ion Exchange 

Wynyard, Saskatchewan




 Storage/Records Management 

Winsford Cheshire, U.K.
London, U.K.




 Sales Office 


Mississauga, Ontario
Montreal, Quebec




 Packaging Facilities 

Duluth, Minnesota
Kenosha, Wisconsin
Chicago, Illinois
Buffalo, New York


























Contact - Compass Minerals















































 

















X








X









              CONTACT US 






Information Request

*
            Required Fields
          




Carrier Form







I'm a(n)
        *


Consumer
Business Customer
Other
Carrier



Carrier Name
        *




Carrier SCAC*, U.S.-only. If Canadian-only carrier, please type "N/A"
        *




Motor Carrier Number (U.S.-only)
        *




Federal Tax ID Number (U.S.) or Nine-Digit Business Number (Canada)
        *




Company Website
        




Carrier Type
        *

   Asset
  Broker



Sales Contact Name
        *




Sales Contact Phone Number
        *




Sales Contact Email
        *




Equipment (select all that apply)
        *

  Vans
 Flatbed
 Pneumatics
 Dumps
 Hoppers
 Other



Number of Vans
        




Number of Flatbeds
        




Number of Pneumatics
        




Number of Dumps
        




Number of Hoppers
        




Number of Other
        




If asset based, list your primary operating terminals. Please list city/state for each (List no more than three). If none, type "N/A".
        




List which Compass Minerals shipping facilities are your primary interest. Please list city/state for each (List no more than three). If none, type "N/A".
        




Pick Your Primary Service Market
        *

 
U.S. Northeast
U.S. Southeast
U.S. Midwest
U.S. Southwest
U.S. West
U.S. Northwest
Canada Alberta/Manitoba
Canada Ontario
Canada Quebec
Cross-border, U.S. to Canada
Cross-border, Canada to U.S.
Other




Pick Your Secondary Service Market
        *

 
U.S. Northeast
U.S. Southeast
U.S. Midwest
U.S. Southwest
U.S. West
U.S. Northwest
Canada Alberta/Manitoba
Canada Ontario
Canada Quebec
Cross-border, U.S. to Canada
Cross-border, Canada to U.S.




Please list your primary state or province you currently have extra capacity. Please list city/state for each (List no more than three). If none, type "N/A".
        




If asset-based please list amount of Auto Liability per occurrence (in millions).
        




If Broker, please choose which insurance type you have.
        

  Contingent Auto Liability
 Contract Liability
 Other



Please list the amount of your Contingent Auto Liability or Contract Liability (in millions)
        




Are you currently under contract with Compass Minerals?
        *

   Yes
  No
  Not Sure



Please list the name of your Compass Minerals contact.
        




Please enter in 50 words or less, the opportunity you are looking for between your company and  Compass Minerals.
        




First Name
        *




Last Name
        *




Email Address
        *




Phone Number
        




Company
        




Address
        




Apartment # / P.O. Box
        




City
        *




ZIP / Postal Code
        




Country
        *


 
United States
Canada
United Kingdom
Brazil
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d‘Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Northern Mariana Islands
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe



State
        *


 
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Province
        *


 
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon



Please select the product(s) or topic(s) you are inquiring about
        

  Animal Nutrition Salt
 Dust Control
 Food-Grade Salt
 Highway Deicing Salt
 Industrial Salt
 Packaged Deicing Salt
 Chemical Salt
 Pool Salt
 Water Conditioning Salt
 Protassium+ Sulfate of Potash
 Nu-Trax P+ Phosphorus-based Fertilizer
 Wolf Trax DDP Nutrients
 Chlori-Mag Magnesium Chloride Fertilizer
 Premium Soluble Micronutrients from Produquímica
 Magnesium Chloride - Deicing
 Magnesium Chloride - Highway Deicing
 Magnesium Chloride - Industrial
 Magnesium Chloride - Road Stabilization
 Technical Information (product SDS, etc.)
 General Questions
 Media Inquiries
 Website Feedback
 DeepStore



Additional Comments (300 character limit)
        




I have read and understand the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy of CompassMinerals.com
        

  I have read and understand the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy of CompassMinerals.com



reCAPTCHA
        














            CORPORATE OFFICES
9900 West 109th St., Suite 100
Overland Park, KS 66210
913.344.9200


HUMAN RESOURCES
Learn more about current career opportunities
913.344.9200


For employment and income verification, please contact The Work Number

800.367.5690

Compass Minerals Employer Code: 26691


MEDIA RELATIONS
MediaRelations@compassminerals.com
913.344.9319


INVESTOR RELATIONS
InvestorRelations@compassminerals.com
913.344.9362 















              View Our Locations























What We Do - Compass Minerals
















































 

















X








X













KEEP PEOPLE SAFE




FEED THE WORLD




ENRICH LIVES




SECURE STORAGE SOLUTIONS










Compass Minerals produces salt, plant nutrients and magnesium chloride for distribution primarily in North America. We also provide secure records storage in a retired mine in the U.K. Products from Compass Minerals serve a variety of applications in industrial, agricultural, commercial and consumer markets.










SALT


Salt is used in many different ways – more than 14,000 different ways. We are the leading salt producer in North America and the United Kingdom. Our largest business produces highway deicing products, but our deicing salt can also be found in consumer outlets. 
Other applications include water care, animal nutrition and culinary salt. You may not realize it, but salt is also in plastics and glass, detergents and disinfectants, even rubber and polyester. The salt we produce is an invaluable element to lives across the world.


LEARN MORE











PLANT NUTRIENTS


As with human nutrition, plant health requires vital mineral inputs to ensure growth. We provide a variety of plant nutrients for improved yield and consistent crop quality. Organic growers trust us as approved providers and we’re pioneers in plant nutrition technology resulting in less waste and higher performance. 
We are the largest producer of sulfate of potash, a premium, low-chloride potassium fertilizer, in the Western Hemisphere. We are also the number one producer of dry dispersible powder micronutrients and phosphorus. 


LEARN MORE











MAGNESIUM CHLORIDE


We are the only U.S. producer of magnesium chloride, a naturally occurring mineral, responsibly harvested from the Great Salt Lake in Utah. 
Its many uses range from an additive and stand-alone deicer to a dedusting and stabilizing agent for gravel roads to reduce road maintenance and increase safety. It can also act as an early stage plant nutrient for wheat crops.


LEARN MORE












SUSTAINABLE STORAGE


We pride ourselves on our sustainability efforts and they are especially evident in our DeepStore Records Management facility. 
Located 500 feet below ground in excavated portions of our salt mine in Cheshire, United Kingdom, DeepStore specializes in long-term preservation, secure storage solutions and tailored document management systems – all with the goal of providing unrivalled protection from both natural and man-made disasters. 


LEARN MORE





 














News - Compass Minerals
















































 

















X








X









              NEWS & NEWSWORTHY 






















                          May 3, 2017                        


Compass Minerals Reports First Quarter Earnings

Compass Minerals reported first-quarter net earnings of $21.5 million, or $0.63 per diluted share, compared to $49.7 million, or $1.46 per diluted share, in the first quarter of 2016.














                          April 25, 2017                        


Compass Minerals Announces Departure of Chief Financial Officer

Compass Minerals announced today that effective immediately its chief financial officer, Patrick “Doug” Linehan, is departing the company due to unforeseen personal circumstances. Linehan’s departure involves no disputes with the company or issues regarding accounting practices, financial statements or operations.














                          April 12, 2017                        


Diana Toman Named to Ingram’s 2017 Class of 40 Under Forty

Diana Toman, senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary, was named to Ingram’s 2017 Class of 40 Under Forty. Each year, this award program recognizes 40 up-and-coming business and civic leaders in the Kansas City region.














                          March 28, 2017                        


Compass Minerals Names Patrick D. Linehan Chief Financial Officer

Compass Minerals today announced the appointment of Patrick “Doug” Linehan as the company’s chief financial officer effective April 3, 2017.














                          March 23, 2017                        


Compass Minerals Ratifies Three-Year Agreement with  Employees at Unity Plant

Compass Minerals has reached a three-year agreement with Unity plant employees represented by Unifor Local 677.














                          March 21, 2017                        


Compass Minerals Issues 2016 Annual Report

Compass Minerals released its 2016 Annual Report today. 














                          March 9, 2017                        


Compass Minerals Celebrates International Women’s Day

Compass Minerals marked International Women’s Day with its second annual celebration, broadcasted from the company’s headquarters.














                          February 8, 2017                        


Compass Minerals Reports Solid Fourth-Quarter Earnings Boosted by Brazilian Acquisition

Compass Minerals posted solid fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 earnings driven by the resilient performance of the salt business and the contribution of the Brazilian specialty plant nutrition company, Produquímica, which was acquired on October 3, 2016.














                          February 3, 2017                        


Winsford Site Plants 1,400 Trees with Cheshire Wildlife Trust

In one week, the Winsford site, along with the Cheshire Wildlife Trust, planted 1,400 trees around the site.














                          February 2, 2017                        


Compass Minerals Increases Dividend for 14th Consecutive Year

The Board of Directors of Compass Minerals approved a 3.6 percent increase in the quarterly dividend for 2017 to $0.72 per share. This increase is effective with the company’s dividend payable March 15, 2017, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 1, 2017.














                          February 2, 2017                        


Compass Minerals Adds Latin American Experience to Board of Directors with Appointment of Valdemar L. Fischer

Valdemar L. Fischer has been elected to the Board of Directors of Compass Minerals. 














                          January 26, 2017                        


Compass Minerals Supports Utah Food Bank for Ninth Consecutive Year

In December, volunteers from Compass Minerals’ Ogden site delivered and assembled food baskets for Ogden’s Catholic Community Services (CCS) Joyce Hansen Hall Food Bank. More than 20 Compass Minerals volunteers unloaded the $28,000 worth of goods and assembled baskets for more than 1,600 Utah families.














                          January 25, 2017                        


Cote Blanche Mine Turns Tons of Salt into Donation for Food Banks

Compass Minerals’ Cote Blanche mine continued its annual Charity Day, contributing money for every ton of salt mined.














                          January 9, 2017                        


Compass Minerals Reports Fourth-Quarter Snow-Event Data

Above-average winter weather in Compass Minerals’ primary North American service areas lifted fourth-quarter 2016 salt sales volumes above prior-year results.














                          January 3, 2017                        


Compass Minerals Helps Local Families in Winsford

Compass Minerals employees collected 162 kilograms of food, or 12 boxes, to donate to a food bank in Winsford, Cheshire. The Mid Cheshire Foodbank, supported by the Trussell Trust, provides three days of emergency food and support to people experiencing crisis in Cheshire.














                          December 29, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Provides Support to Water Quality Education Program

Compass Minerals donated $12,000 to a unique school-based water quality education curriculum, T.R.U.E. Blue (Teaching Rivers in an Urban Environment), a program established and facilitated by Blue River Watershed Association (BRWA).














                          December 7, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Appoints Vice President,  Innovation and Product Development

Ryan Bartlett, Ph.D., has joined Compass Minerals as vice president, innovation and product development. 














                          November 7, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Releases 2015 Sustainability Report Update

Compass Minerals has released the 2015 Sustainability Update Report. This report provides an update on the company’s environmental and social responsibility performance using the Global Reporting Initiative methodology adopted last year as the framework for sustainability reporting efforts. 














                          November 2, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Announces Departure of Chief Financial Officer

Compass Minerals announced today that its chief financial officer, Matthew Foulston, is departing the company to assume the role of chief financial officer at a Chicago-based public company. His last day with Compass Minerals will be December 1, 2016.














                          October 24, 2016                        


Third-Quarter Earnings Posted

Compass Minerals reported a year-over-year decline in third-quarter 2016 sales and earnings driven by lower salt sales volumes and lower average selling prices in both salt and plant nutrition businesses.














                          October 20, 2016                        


New Senior Vice President, Salt Named

Anthony Sepich will join Compass Minerals (NYSE:CMP) as senior vice president, salt, effective November 30, 2016. Sepich will be responsible for developing and executing strategies that maximize the earnings and operational efficiency of the company’s salt business.














                          October 13, 2016                        


Celebrate Global Fertilizer Day with Compass Minerals

At the core of our business is the commitment to help keep people safe, feed the world and enrich lives every day. Our goal to help feed the world aligns strategically with the role the fertilizer industry will be tasked with in producing top-yielding crops for feeding a growing population. As a leader in the specialty plant nutrition industry, Compass Minerals is proud to support the first ever Global Fertilizer Day.














                          October 3, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Completes Acquisition of Produquímica

Today, Compass Minerals completed the purchase of all remaining interest in Produquímica, one of Brazil’s leading manufacturers and distributors of specialty plant nutrients.














                          August 31, 2016                        


Goderich Mine Wins Gold and Silver at International Mine Rescue Competition

The Goderich Mine Rescue Team earned a gold and silver medal at the 10th International Mines Rescue Competition, hosted by Workplace Safety North and Ontario Mine Rescue.














                          August 15, 2016                        


Compass Minerals to Acquire Remainder of Produquímica

Compass Minerals today announced an agreement to purchase all outstanding interest in Produquímica Indústria e Comércio S.A. (Produquímica), one of Brazil’s leading manufacturers and distributors of specialty plant nutrients.














                          August 9, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Names Senior Vice President, Plant Nutrition

Brad Griffith has been appointed senior vice president, plant nutrition, effective Aug. 29, 2016.














                          July 25, 2016                        


Second-Quarter Earnings Posted

Compass Minerals reported mixed second-quarter 2016 results as an increase in salt operating earnings partially offset a significant decline in plant nutrition operating earnings.














                          July 25, 2016                        


Making of Protassium+

Dive into the waters of the Great Salt Lake and experience the remarkable process we use to create Protassium+™ sulfate of potash.














                          June 30, 2016                        


Duluth Plant Supports St. Louis River Quest

Compass Minerals’ Duluth plant donated $500 to support the 24th annual St. Louis River Quest, held in early May. In addition to the monetary donation, employees also donated blankets as prizes for the essay and poetry competitions.














                          June 28, 2016                        


Protassium+ Sales Director Named

Compass Minerals has named Scott Johnson director of sales for Protassium+ North America.














                          June 20, 2016                        


Kenosha Plant Supports Local School’s STEM Program

Compass Minerals Kenosha plant donated $1,200 to help Bethany Lutheran School, a local private school, implement a new hands-on curriculum called Project Lead the Way (PLTW) Launch. The program aims to empower students to become problem solvers and introduces them to science, technology, engineering and math (STEM).














                          June 16, 2016                        


Compass Minerals’ Goderich Sites Make Pledge of $17,000 to Help Open Local College

After the first year of a five year commitment, Compass Minerals’ Goderich sites have already donated $11,500 to help open a Fanshawe College satellite campus in Goderich.














                          June 14, 2016                        


Goderich Sites Donate $15,000 to the Dialysis 95 + 20 Campaign

Compass Minerals’ Goderich sites recently donated $15,000 to the Dialysis 95 + 20 campaign, a 100 day campaign aimed to upgrade and refurbish the dialysis center at the Alexandra Marine and General Hospital. 














                          June 13, 2016                        


Goderich Mine Named Overall Winner of Mine Rescue Competition

On June 10, the Goderich Mine Rescue Team won the 67th annual Provincial Mine Rescue Competition. The team also won the Team First Aid Award and Drew Dalgleish, a shaftman at the mine, placed second in the technician competition.














                          June 9, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Recognized as Trustworthy Company for Second Consecutive Year

For the second consecutive year, Compass Minerals was named to Forbes’ list of the “100 Most Trustworthy Companies in America.”














                          May 31, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Named Environmental Leader of the Year

Compass Minerals received additional recognition for its work on the West Pond Sustainability Project and was awarded a Utah Governor’s Excellence in Energy Award and named the Environmental Leader of the Year. The company was presented with the award by Governor Gary R. Herbert at the Governor’s Utah Energy Development Summit.














                          May 26, 2016                        


U.K. Sites Hold 2nd Annual Charity Soccer Game

In 2012, Glenn Carter, a 34-year employee of Compass Minerals, lost his battle with cancer. To celebrate his memory, employees have established the Glynn Carter Memorial Trophy event. During this annual event, teams from the Winsford mine and DeepStore compete in a soccer game, while raising money for two local charities, St Luke’s Hospice and Circus Starr.














                          May 23, 2016                        


Goderich Mine Wins Southern District Mines Rescue Competition

On May 13, the Goderich Mine Rescue Team won the Southern District of the Ontario Mine Rescue competition, taking first in all three categories: first aid, technician and team competition.














                          May 18, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Welcomes U.S. Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health to Cote Blanche Mine

On May 4, Compass Minerals welcomed a team of Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) officials and United Steel Workers representatives for a tour of the Cote Blanche mine.














                          May 17, 2016                        


Buffalo Employees Donate Time to Lackawanna Food Pantry

On May 14, Compass Minerals employees and family members from the Buffalo facility sorted food as part of the local mail carriers’ food drive.














                          April 28, 2016                        


Agreement Reached with Employees at Cote Blanche Salt Mine

Compass Minerals reached a three-year agreement with Cote Blanche mine employees represented by USW Local 14425.














                          April 27, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Recognized for Conservation-Oriented Project

Compass Minerals has been honored with a 2016 “Earth Day Award” from the Board of Directors of Utah Division of Oil, Gas and Mining. In addition, the Board has selected Compass Minerals as the first recipient of a special award for noteworthy projects, “Best of the Best,” for exceptional environmental improvement work.














                          April 25, 2016                        


Solid First-Quarter Earnings Posted

Compass Minerals announced a decline in first quarter earnings as a result of continued mild winter weather and agricultural market weakness.














                          April 12, 2016                        


Safe Step® Honored with Distributor Choice Award

Safe Step® Pro Series® 750 Magnesium Chloride was recently honored by Sanitary Maintenance magazine with a Sanitary Maintenance Distributor Choice Award.














                          April 7, 2016                        


First-Quarter Snow-Event Data Released

Mild winter weather continued in the first quarter of 2016 throughout Compass Minerals’’ primary service areas.














                          March 29, 2016                        


Advancing Organic Potassium Fertilizer with Protassium+ Organic

Organic crop growers now have a pure, consistent and reliable potassium fertilizer option with the release of Protassium+™ Organic sulfate of potash.














                          March 24, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Releases 2015 Annual Report

Compass Minerals continued to execute on our strategic initiatives throughout 2015, while weathering some short-term challenges.














                          March 9, 2016                        


Protassium+ Invites Potato Growers to Share Planting Photos

Protassium+™ is familiar with the long hours and hard work potato farmers face during planting season. And to reward potato farmers, Protassium+ invites growers to partake in the #TaterCreator Photo Contest by sharing a potato planting photo via Facebook or Twitter.














                          March 8, 2016                        


International Women’s Day – A Note from Fran Malecha

International Women’s Day is an annual global celebration of the social, economic, cultural and political achievements of women. While there is much to celebrate in regards to these achievements, there is still significant progress to be made toward achieving gender parity.














                          February 24, 2016                        


Wolf Trax Innovative Nutrients Launches New Website

Wolf Trax Innovative Nutrients has launched a redesigned website. Along with a more contemporary design, changes have been made to the navigation site-wide to help growers and dealers find the information they need quickly and easily.














                          February 22, 2016                        


Historical Film Spotlights Winsford Mine

In the 1940s, a series of educational films about the mining industry was produced. One of those films focused on activities at our Winsford Mine in the U.K.














                          February 18, 2016                        


Plant Nutrition Launches Zinc Zone

How do corn growers know whether their soil might benefit from a zinc fertilizer application?
Our plant nutrition team has developed a four-part video series that outlines why growers should be proactive and avoid zinc deficiency and what to look for when buying the micronutrient.
See more here.














                          February 8, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Reports Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2015 Results and Announces 5 Percent Dividend Increase

The company reported lower full-year and quarterly earnings when compared to 2014 as a result of mild winter weather and a weak agricultural market. Despite the near-term headwinds, the company announced that its board of directors has approved a 5 percent increase in the quarterly dividend for 2016, the 13th consecutive year of increased dividends and an indication of the strong underlying fundamentals of both businesses.














                          January 12, 2016                        


Cote Blanche Mine Holds Annual Charity Day to Support Local Food Banks

Compass Minerals’ Cote Blanche mine continued its annual Charity Day, contributing money for every ton of salt mined. Thanks to the employees’ team efforts, more than $10,450 was donated to the area’s two largest food banks, St. Mary Outreach in Morgan City, and Solomon House in New Iberia.














                          January 8, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Reports Fourth-Quarter Snow-Event Data

Limited winter weather activity throughout Compass Minerals’ primary service areas significantly reduced demand for the company’s deicing products in the fourth quarter.














                          January 6, 2016                        


Ogden Site Continues Support of Catholic Community Services Joyce Hansen Hall Food Bank

On Thursday, Dec. 17, Compass Minerals’ Ogden site continued its support of Ogden’s Catholic Community Services (CCS) Joyce Hansen Hall Food Bank with the delivery and assembly of food baskets. More than 45 Compass Minerals employees assembled baskets for more than 1,600 Utah families.














                          January 4, 2016                        


Compass Minerals Ranked as one of Corporate Responsibility’s 50 Most Improved Corporate Citizens

Compass Minerals was named one the “Most Improved Corporate Citizens” in 2015 within the Russell 1000 stock market index as determined by Corporate Responsibility Magazine, a publication recognized as the leading voice for corporate responsibility.














                          December 23, 2015                        


Investment in Leading Brazilian Specialty Plant Nutrition Company, Produquímica, Complete

Compass Minerals (NYSE: CMP) has completed its purchase of a 35 percent stake in Produquímica Industria e Comercio S.A. (Produquímica), one of Brazil’s leading manufacturers and distributors of specialty plant nutrients.














                          December 17, 2015                        


Compass Minerals to Acquire 35% Stake in Leading Brazilian Specialty Plant Nutrition Company

Compass Minerals has signed a definitive agreement to purchase a 35 percent stake in Produquimica Industria e Comercio S.A. (Produquimica), one of Brazil’s leading manufacturers and distributors of specialty plant nutrients. The all-cash transaction valued at approximately R$450 million (US$120.7 million) is subject to customary post-closing adjustments. This agreement also includes a path to full ownership by early 2019.














                          December 16, 2015                        


Compass Minerals Honored for Advancing Women in Leadership

Compass Minerals was honored by Central Exchange for its efforts to support the advancement of women in leadership. Compass Minerals was one of only 12 Kansas City-area companies included in Central Exchange’s 2015 Circle of Champions for achieving at least 20% gender diversity on its Board of Directors.














                          November 11, 2015                        


Fourth-Quarter Dividend Declared

Compass Minerals board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.66 per share payable December 15, 2015, to shareholders of record at the close of business on December 1, 2015.
For more information, visit the Investor Relations page.














                          November 13, 2015                        


Compass Minerals Recognized as Vendor of the Year

For the second year in a row, Do it Best Corp., the United States’ second largest hardware co-op, named Compass Minerals “Vendor of the Year” in the lawn and garden category. The honor recognizes the exceptional customer service and high-quality deicing products provided by the company’s salt division.














                          October 27, 2015                        


Compass Minerals Posts Solid Third-Quarter Results Including Record Third-Quarter Salt Earnings

Compass Minerals posted solid third-quarter 2015 earnings driven by record performance in its salt segment.














                          October 15, 2015                        


Buffalo Packaging Plant Celebrates Official Grand Opening

On Wednesday, Oct. 7, the Buffalo packaging plant held an official grand opening. 












Download
                              PDF


                          October 6, 2015                        


Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary  Appointed to Compass Minerals

Compass Minerals has appointed Diana Toman senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary effective Nov. 3, 2015.














                          August 27, 2015                        


Compass Minerals Included in Forbes’ List of 100 Most Trustworthy Companies in America for 2015

Compass Minerals earned a notable honor from Forbes with inclusion in its 2015 list of America’s 100 Most Trustworthy Companies. This recognition is further evidence of the company’s success in building a transparent and accountable culture. 












Download
                              PDF


                          August 27, 2015                        


Compass Minerals Publishes Sustainability Report

Compass Minerals released its 2014 sustainability report, Taking Care of the Essentials. This is the first time the company has published a report using standards established by the Global Reporting Initiative™ (GRI). 












Download
                              PDF


                          August 17, 2015                        


Vice President of Internal Audit, Enterprise Risk Management and Insurance Appointed

Compass Minerals has hired Peter Brooks as vice president of internal audit, enterprise risk management and insurance.












Download
                              PDF


                          May 27, 2015                        


Compass Minerals Appoints Vice President and Corporate Controller

Compass Minerals has appointed John Craft as vice president and corporate controller. He previously served as vice president of internal audit and compliance.














                          October 1, 2015                        


Compass Minerals Announces Promotions

Compass Minerals has promoted two employees to director-level positions.












Download
                              PDF


                          April 13, 2015                        


Three Major U.S. Hardware Cooperatives Recognize Compass Minerals as Vendor of the Year

The country’s three leading hardware cooperatives – Ace Hardware Corp., True Value Company and Do it Best Corp. – recently named Compass Minerals their 2014 Lawn and Garden Vendor or Supplier of the Year. It’s the first time all three major hardware chains have honored Compass Minerals in the same year with the awards, which recognize the salt company’s exceptional customer service and deicing products. 












Download
                              PDF


                          May 12, 2015                        


Compass Minerals Announces Management Hires

Compass Minerals is pleased to announce the following director-level hires across the company: 












Download
                              PDF


                          March 23, 2015                        


Compass Minerals International 2014 Annual Report




At the core of Compass Minerals is a clear vision of what our company is and what it can become. From our solid position in highway deicing and consumer and industrial salt products, to new endeavors in plant nutrition, we will continue to focus on delivering essential minerals, extracting greater value from our existing products, and increasing our operational efficiencies. We remain deeply rooted in solid ground with a bright horizon of possibilities.




























Rock Salt & Magnesium Chloride | Compass Minerals
















































 

















X








X








ICEAWAY®
Blaze New Trails

Visit
              Website





	Salt	


ALL


Animal Nutrition
Dust Control
Food-Grade
Highway Deicing
Industrial
Package Deicing - Commercial
Package Deicing - Jan/San
Package Deicing - Residential
Water Care


Country: United StatesCountry: US



Any Region
US
Canada
UK















                	BULK HIGHWAY                

                     Rock Solid Performance Where And When It Matters                




                    We can get salt to you by rail, truck, barge or vessel, so when you need salt, Compass Minerals delivers.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Compass Minerals is North America’s leader for the production, sales and distribution of highway deicing products. Our superior distribution network and dedicated customer service team ensure that you get the product you need reliably and economically, no matter where you are located. We also have the expertise to make planning, storage and delivery much easier.
 
Partnering with Compass Minerals will ensure you have a successful snow removal program.












                	Safe Step® 

                     Clearing the Way to a Beautiful Home® 




                    Safe Step offers a broad range of ice melters that deliver outstanding deicing performance tailored to your specific needs. Each formulation features the Performance Meter that allows you to quickly pick the right product for your weather conditions.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
Safe Step 3300® Rock Salt
Safe Step 4300® Dual Blend® 
Safe Step 5300® Max Blend®
Safe Step 6300® Enviro-Blend®
Safe Step 7300® Calcium Chloride
Safe Step 8300® Magnesium Chloride
Safe Step® Sure Paws® 












                	ICEAWAY® 

                     Blaze New Trails                




                    There isn't one grade of snow and ice. To meet and beat the conditions that Mother Nature throws your way, you deserve a line of deicers that give performance versatility. The IceAway line of professional grade ice melters are formulated to fit your need.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
IceAway® Rock Salt
IceAway®  Turbo™
IceAway®  Turbo Plus™
IceAway®  Max™ Calcium Chloride
IceAway®  Max Green™ Magnesium Chloride












                	Safe Step® Pro Series® 

                     Your Ice Melting Authority® 




                    Safe Step Pro Series was designed specifically for the professional. We took into account everything we've heard you say over the years and every potential ice melting challenge, and devised superior ice melting products that are both safe and effective.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
Safe Step® Pro Series® 370 Econo Blend Blue®
Safe Step® Pro Series® 550 Select Blend®
Safe Step® Pro Series®570 Select Blend® Blue
Safe Step® Pro Series® 750 Magnesium Chloride
Safe Step® Pro Series® 960 Choice Formula
IceAway® Max™ Calcium Chloride












                	DriRox® 

                     Kiln-Dried Salt                




                    DriRox is a high performance deicing salt that every road maintenance program should have in its arsenal. Free-flowing and uniform in size, it delivers more effective and longer-lasting results because of lower moisture content than other solar salts.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Some salts have a moisture content of 2.0% or more, which can cause clumping, poor application, clogging and a variety of challenges. DriRox is kiln-dried solar salt with a moisture content less than 0.1%. This helps ensure:

No freezing or clumping
Better flow
More effective application
Faster acting than red salt
Easier mix to create brine













                	DUSTGARD® 

                     Treat Your Gravel Roads Better                




                    DustGard magnesium chloride is the preferred product for dust control, soil stabilization and wind erosion problems on roads and bare soil. 
                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
 
When applied to roads and bare soil areas, it immediately provides tangible benefits including:

Cleaner air, which leads to better health. Fugitive dust can cause health problems in the young, elderly and those with respiratory conditions.
Greater safety through improved road conditions, including increased driver visibility and decreased risks caused by loose gravel, soft spots, road roughness and flying rocks.
Stable soil, preventing destructive wind erosion. It reduces foreign sediment in nearby surface waters (dust that settles in creeks and streams), helps prevent stunted crop growth caused by clogged pores in plants and keeps vehicles and property cleaner.













                	FreezGard® 

                     The proven performer in the most challenging weather conditions                




                    Providing safe roads during the toughest winter storms requires more than an ordinary deicer. That's why we've created FreezGard, the leading high-performance anti-icing liquid on the market.  Transportation departments across the country trust FreezGard to create the safest roads with its unsurpassed low-temperature performance and superior melting capacity.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
FreezGard Lite
FreezGard Zero
FreezGard CI Plus
FreezGard Lite CI Plus












                	Gravel Roads Academy® 

                     Get Schooled In Gravelology                




                    Enroll in the Gravel Roads Academy and benefit from information and training on how to better maintain your gravel roads for superior stabilization, greater cost savings and better air quality.                 




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
You don’t need to be a rocket scientist to know that the better a gravel road is made, the less it costs to maintain. Get your degree in Gravelology when the Gravel Roads Academy comes to a town near you. You’ll learn the latest techniques to creating and maintaining roads that help your budget go the extra mile.
 
Course Curriculum:

Road Design
Road Maintenance
Road Stabilization
Program Efficiency
Field Training













                	QwikSalt® 

                     Specially Enhanced To Quickly Clear Roads                




                    For an effective deicing solution that doesn’t sacrifice performance look to QwikSalt® – fast-acting, long-lasting and free of impurities. QwikSalt® is the budget-smart choice for your winter roads.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
For years, salt has been the most cost-effective option to keep roads clear during harsh winter conditions. QwikSalt is the top choice for many reasons:

Over 99% pure sodium chloride
Mixed with magnesium chloride to enhance performance and storage
Blended with an anti-caking agent for optimal flowability
QwikSalt stays on the road, reducing bounce and scatter
Produced responsibly, using a solar evaporation process from the Great Salt Lake in Utah













                	Thawrox® 






                    Thawrox is the industry's premier deicing product, combining the performance of liquid deicing technology with proven melting effects of rock salt.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Using Thawrox means lower labor and equipment maintenance costs — so  deicing dollars go further than ever before. Quicker, longer and more effective performance using less salt.
 

Reduces bounce and scatter – 95% stays in the targeted application area
Good adhesion to roadway with continuing residual effects
Reduces fuel and labor costs
Works in cold temperatures (5˚F / -15˚C)
Less wind-borne loss of finer salt













                	SureSoft® 

                     Safe, Effective Performance For Family and Home® 




                    SureSoft is a 100% natural water softening solution. Effective in all traditional water softeners, our full line of water softening salts extends the life of appliances and fixtures, and makes homes operate more efficiently and effectively.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
Make a big impact on the quality of water, but a small impact on our planet – our bags contain 20% recycled materials and our products are 100% natural.
 
SureSoft® CubesPlus® with Resin Clean® 
SureSoft® CubesPlus® with Rust Buster® 
SureSoft® Extra Coarse
SureSoft® PelletsPlus® with Resin Clean® 
SureSoft® PelletsPlus® with Rust Buster® 
 
 












                	Nature's Own® 

                     For Home. For Health. For Life.® 




                    It's time to think beyond water conditioning to water care.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Families everywhere have rediscovered the benefits of natural living and the value of purity in their lives. At the center of that healthy lifestyle is water. Nature’s Own water care products help them restore the water in their homes to the pure, clear state nature intended.
 
PRODUCT LINE
 
Nature’s Own® Potassium Cubes












                	ProSoft® 






                    Dealers can stake their reputations on our unique, high-quality ProSoft water softening products certified by the National Sanitation Foundation. Formulated to keep water softeners working at peak performance and extends the life of plumbing systems.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
ProSoft® Compacted Salt Cubes with Resin Kleen®
ProSoft® Compacted Salt Cubes with Rust Buster® 
ProSoft® Extra Coarse












                	K-Life® 






                    Available only for professional dealers, K-Life uses environmentally friendly potassium to soften water. With K-Life, you not only avoid adding excess sodium to your drinking water, you also add natural potassium that your body needs.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
K-Life® Sodium-Free Water Softener Crystals












                	Natural Salt® 






                    Natural Salt water softener products have the power to reduce brine tank clean-out for effective and efficient home water softening.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
Natural Salt® Water Softener Salt Cubes with Resin Clean® 
Natural Salt® Water Softener Salt Cubes with Rust Fighting Formula
Natural Salt® Water Softener Salt Extra Coarse
Natural Salt® Water Softener Rock Salt












                	Sun Soft® 






                    From the natural waters of Utah's Great Salt Lake, and using the sun's clean solar energy, Sun Soft solar salt products help with all your water softening needs.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
Sun Soft® Extra Coarse
Sun Soft® Pellets
Sun Soft® Pellets with Rust Buster®












                	American Stockman® 

                     The Future of Ranching, A History of Results® 




                    An animal's appetite for salt is second only to water.  For decades, ranchers and producers have relied on American Stockman salt and mineral products for optimum livestock health.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
American Stockman® Agri Salt
American Stockman® Big 6® Mineral Salt
American Stockman® Cobalt Iodized Salt
American Stockman® Easy Flow Stock Salt
American Stockman® Equine Micro 100®
American Stockman® Fine Stock Salt
American Stockman® Hi-Salt® with EDDI
American Stockman® Iodized Salt
American Stockman® Mixing Salt
American Stockman® Multi-Purpose Stock Salt
American Stockman® Se-30 Trace Mineralized Salt with Selenium
American Stockman® Se-90 Trace Mineralized Salt with Selenium
American Stockman® Solar Medium Salt, Kiln Dried
American Stockman® Solar Milled Salt, Kiln Dried
American Stockman® Solar Mixing Salt, Kiln Dried
American Stockman® Sulfur Salt
American Stockman® Trace Mineralized Salt
American Stockman® White Salt












                	Special Purity® 






                    Long recognized as a leader in food-grade salt products in the U.S., Special Purity meets your exacting demands for quality and consistency.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Available in treated, untreated, iodized or flour cut. Meets all USDA, FDA and Food Chemical Codex Standards. Pure salt with no additives – just washed, filtered, dried, screened and quality-control tested.
 
Available in 50 lb. bags, tote bags, and bulk.












                	Industrial Purity® 






                    From fixing dyes to hide tanning to removing impurities in metal; we produce Industrial Purity products from evaporated, solar and rock salt in every shape and size to meet a wide array of industrial needs and applications.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Available in bags, tote bags and bulk.












                	SureSoft® Pool Salt                






                    SureSoft Pool Salt is designed with homeowners in mind. It helps homeowners get the very most from their backyard pool by producing sparkling clear, gentle water that only a salt water pool can provide.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Engineered specifically for use with electrolytic chlorine generators, SureSoft Pool Salt conditions water naturally, creating pool water that is gentler on skin, hair, nose and eyes. High-purity, extra-fine crystals dissolve rapidly and contain a natural stain fighter that helps protect pool finishes.
 
SureSoft Pool Salt meets or exceeds the standards set by leading chlorine generator manufacturers and has earned the official certification of the National Sanitation Foundation.












                	ProSoft Pool Salt                






                    ProSoft Pool Salt is designed for pool professionals.  ProSoft meets or exceeds the standards set by leading chlorine generator manufacturers and has earned the official certification of the National Sanitation Foundation.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
ProSoft Pool Salt proudly supports industry associations:
 

Member of Association of Pool and Spa Professionals
Associate Member of National Plasterers Council
Associate Member of Independent Pool & Spa Service Association




















We Are Compass Minerals | Enhancing Lives Around The World
















































 

















X








X









              WE ARE COMPASS MINERALS 









Watch
              Video






THIS IS WHAT WE BELIEVE IN



              Our Core Values drive everything we do. Each and every day they keep us grounded in the past and focused on the future.
            

              We are Compass to the Core.
            








INTEGRITY



                We operate in a fair and transparent manner,
                embracing the highest ethical standards in
                everything we do.
              






RESPECT



                We are committed to creating a diverse, safe and inclusive organization where all are treated with dignity.
              






COLLABORATION



                Cooperation and teamwork is essential to things getting accomplished correctly.
              






VALUE CREATION



                We deliver the best possible results for our customers and shareholders in a manner that respects the resources entrusted to us.
              






HIGH PERFORMANCE



               We achieve excellence through initiative, accountability and superior results.
              






COLLAPSE












LEADERSHIP


The leadership at Compass Minerals is dedicated to excellence, innovation, sustainability and delivering long-term value to the company.

MEET OUR TEAM








OUR HISTORY


View an illustrated history of Compass Minerals.

VIEW TIMELINE








CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY


With our success comes a daily commitment to safety, diversity and integrity, as well as a profound responsibility for stewardship of the environment.

CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY








LOCATIONS


Compass Minerals has nine production locations, four packaging facilities, three sales offices and two storage facilities throughout North America and the U.K.

SEE OUR LOCATIONS






THIS IS WHAT WE BELIEVE IN



As a company, we’re intentional about what we value. That allows 

us to make sure every interaction people have with us represents 

who we truly are at our core. And because we’re clear about those 

values, we’re sharing them with you here.


INTEGRITY
We operate in a fair and transparent manner, 

embracing the highest ethical standards in 

everything we do.
VALUE CREATION
We deliver the best possible results for our 

customers and shareholders in a manner that 

respects the resources entrusted to us.


RESPECT
We are committed to creating a diverse, 

safe and inclusive organization where all are 

treated with dignity.
HIGH PERFORMANCE
We achieve excellence through initiative, 

accountability and superior results.


COLLABORATION
Cooperation and teamwork is essential to things getting accomplished correctly.


















Compass Minerals - Wikipedia






















 






Compass Minerals

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Compass Minerals International Inc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (January 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Compass Minerals International, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CMP
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Mining


Founded
2001 in present form, some parts go back to 1844


Headquarters
Overland Park, Kansas, United States



Key people

Fran Malecha (CEO)


Products
salt, sulfate of potash


Revenue
> $US 942 million annually (2012)



Number of employees

1,778 (at the end of 2012)


Website
www.compassminerals.com


Compass Minerals International, Inc is a United States listed public company that, through its subsidiaries, is a leading producer of minerals, including salt, magnesium chloride, sulfate of potash and other plant nutrition products. Based in Kansas City, the company provides bulk treated and untreated highway deicing salt to customers in North America and the United Kingdom and plant nutrition products to growers worldwide. Compass Minerals also produces consumer deicing and water conditioning products, consumer and commercial culinary salt, and other mineral-based products for consumer, agricultural, and industrial applications. In addition, Compass Minerals provides records management services to businesses throughout the United Kingdom.



Contents


1 Ranks
2 Production methods and facilities

2.1 Underground salt mining
2.2 Mechanical evaporation
2.3 Solar evaporation


3 Business segments
4 See also
5 References



Ranks[edit]
Compass Minerals is the biggest:

Salt producer in North America and the United Kingdom
Sulfate of potash specialty fertilizer producer in the Western Hemisphere
Magnesium chloride deicing/de-dusting producer in North America[1]

In 2012, Compass Minerals had total sales of $942 million and ended the year with market capitalization of just $2.5 billion. The company is part of the S&P MidCap 400 Index, the Russell 1000 Index and was included in Fortune magazine’s 2010 listing of the “100 Fastest-Growing Companies.”[2] Though the company’s history stretches back as far as 1844, Compass Minerals became a public company following its initial public offering in December 2003.[3]
Production methods and facilities[edit]
Underground salt mining[edit]
Underground salt mining produces rock salt using both drill-and-blast and continuous mining techniques in deep deposits. Compass Minerals is the largest rock salt producer in North America and the U.K. It operates underground salt mines at Goderich, Ontario, the largest salt mine in the world with an annual capacity of 9 million tons; Cote Blanche, Louisiana, with annual capacity of 3.4 million tons; and Winsford, Cheshire, United Kingdom, with annual capacity of 1.5 million tons.[citation needed]
Mechanical evaporation[edit]
Mechanical evaporation uses high-efficiency vacuum processes to produce high-purity, fine- and coarse-grained salt products for commercial, agricultural, and industrial applications. Compass Minerals is a leading producer of mechanically evaporated salt in North America. It operates mechanical evaporation salt facilities in Lyons, Kansas (annual capacity 450,000 tons), Unity, Saskatchewan (160,000 tons); Goderich, Ontario (130,000 tons); and Amherst, Nova Scotia (130,000 tons). Compass Minerals also operates an SOP evaporation facility at Wynyard, Saskatchewan, with annual capacity of 40,000 tons. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Solar evaporation[edit]
Solar evaporation is the oldest and most energy-efficient method of mineral production. At the Great Salt Lake near Ogden, Utah, Compass Minerals draws naturally occurring brine out of the lake into shallow ponds and allows solar evaporation to produce salt, sulfate of potash (SOP) and magnesium chloride. Its SOP plant at the Great Salt Lake is the largest in North America and one of only three SOP brine solar evaporation operations in the world. Annual capacity is 350,000 tons of SOP, 1.5 million tons of salt, and 750,000 tons of magnesium chloride. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Business segments[edit]
Compass Minerals operates two business segments, Salt and Plant Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ Salt Segment mines, produces, processes and distributes sodium chloride and magnesium chloride in North America and the U.K. The segment’s largest business is highway deicing, which primarily sells bulk rock salt to states, provinces, counties, municipalities and road maintenance contractors for ice control on public roadways. The highway deicing product line also includes flake and liquid magnesium chloride used for deicing and dust control; treated rock salt treated for deicing in very low temperatures; and rock salt for the chlor-alkali industry.
The salt segment also includes consumer and industrial product lines, which includes pure sodium chloride and blended products containing magnesium chloride, calcium chloride and potassium chloride for applications such as consumer and professional deicing, water conditioning, culinary salt, animal nutrition, swimming pool minerals, and industrial applications.
Compass Minerals’ Plant Nutrition Segment produces sulfate of potash fertilizer.
Compass Minerals also manufactures micronutrient and secondary plant nutrition products under the Wolf Trax brand. Wolf Trax products include DDP Nutrients and PROTINUS Seed Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ domestic sales of SOP are concentrated in the Western and Southeastern U.S. and exports to Latin America, Japan, Australia, and New Zealand.
See also[edit]

List of companies in the United States
List of S&P 400 companies
Sifto Canada - Canadian subsidiary of Compass Minerals
Winsford – home of Britain's largest rock salt mine, owned by Compass Minerals

References[edit]



^ Compass Minerals presentation to BMO 2011 Global Metals & Mining Conference, February 28, 2011 – slide 3
^ Compass Minerals 2012 10-K; 12/7/10 company press release; 8/19/10 company press release
^ Company website







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Compass_Minerals&oldid=766988923"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeMining companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Kansas2001 establishments in KansasHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from January 2017All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 23 February 2017, at 09:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Compass Minerals - Wikipedia






















 






Compass Minerals

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Compass Minerals International Inc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (January 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Compass Minerals International, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CMP
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Mining


Founded
2001 in present form, some parts go back to 1844


Headquarters
Overland Park, Kansas, United States



Key people

Fran Malecha (CEO)


Products
salt, sulfate of potash


Revenue
> $US 942 million annually (2012)



Number of employees

1,778 (at the end of 2012)


Website
www.compassminerals.com


Compass Minerals International, Inc is a United States listed public company that, through its subsidiaries, is a leading producer of minerals, including salt, magnesium chloride, sulfate of potash and other plant nutrition products. Based in Kansas City, the company provides bulk treated and untreated highway deicing salt to customers in North America and the United Kingdom and plant nutrition products to growers worldwide. Compass Minerals also produces consumer deicing and water conditioning products, consumer and commercial culinary salt, and other mineral-based products for consumer, agricultural, and industrial applications. In addition, Compass Minerals provides records management services to businesses throughout the United Kingdom.



Contents


1 Ranks
2 Production methods and facilities

2.1 Underground salt mining
2.2 Mechanical evaporation
2.3 Solar evaporation


3 Business segments
4 See also
5 References



Ranks[edit]
Compass Minerals is the biggest:

Salt producer in North America and the United Kingdom
Sulfate of potash specialty fertilizer producer in the Western Hemisphere
Magnesium chloride deicing/de-dusting producer in North America[1]

In 2012, Compass Minerals had total sales of $942 million and ended the year with market capitalization of just $2.5 billion. The company is part of the S&P MidCap 400 Index, the Russell 1000 Index and was included in Fortune magazine’s 2010 listing of the “100 Fastest-Growing Companies.”[2] Though the company’s history stretches back as far as 1844, Compass Minerals became a public company following its initial public offering in December 2003.[3]
Production methods and facilities[edit]
Underground salt mining[edit]
Underground salt mining produces rock salt using both drill-and-blast and continuous mining techniques in deep deposits. Compass Minerals is the largest rock salt producer in North America and the U.K. It operates underground salt mines at Goderich, Ontario, the largest salt mine in the world with an annual capacity of 9 million tons; Cote Blanche, Louisiana, with annual capacity of 3.4 million tons; and Winsford, Cheshire, United Kingdom, with annual capacity of 1.5 million tons.[citation needed]
Mechanical evaporation[edit]
Mechanical evaporation uses high-efficiency vacuum processes to produce high-purity, fine- and coarse-grained salt products for commercial, agricultural, and industrial applications. Compass Minerals is a leading producer of mechanically evaporated salt in North America. It operates mechanical evaporation salt facilities in Lyons, Kansas (annual capacity 450,000 tons), Unity, Saskatchewan (160,000 tons); Goderich, Ontario (130,000 tons); and Amherst, Nova Scotia (130,000 tons). Compass Minerals also operates an SOP evaporation facility at Wynyard, Saskatchewan, with annual capacity of 40,000 tons. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Solar evaporation[edit]
Solar evaporation is the oldest and most energy-efficient method of mineral production. At the Great Salt Lake near Ogden, Utah, Compass Minerals draws naturally occurring brine out of the lake into shallow ponds and allows solar evaporation to produce salt, sulfate of potash (SOP) and magnesium chloride. Its SOP plant at the Great Salt Lake is the largest in North America and one of only three SOP brine solar evaporation operations in the world. Annual capacity is 350,000 tons of SOP, 1.5 million tons of salt, and 750,000 tons of magnesium chloride. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Business segments[edit]
Compass Minerals operates two business segments, Salt and Plant Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ Salt Segment mines, produces, processes and distributes sodium chloride and magnesium chloride in North America and the U.K. The segment’s largest business is highway deicing, which primarily sells bulk rock salt to states, provinces, counties, municipalities and road maintenance contractors for ice control on public roadways. The highway deicing product line also includes flake and liquid magnesium chloride used for deicing and dust control; treated rock salt treated for deicing in very low temperatures; and rock salt for the chlor-alkali industry.
The salt segment also includes consumer and industrial product lines, which includes pure sodium chloride and blended products containing magnesium chloride, calcium chloride and potassium chloride for applications such as consumer and professional deicing, water conditioning, culinary salt, animal nutrition, swimming pool minerals, and industrial applications.
Compass Minerals’ Plant Nutrition Segment produces sulfate of potash fertilizer.
Compass Minerals also manufactures micronutrient and secondary plant nutrition products under the Wolf Trax brand. Wolf Trax products include DDP Nutrients and PROTINUS Seed Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ domestic sales of SOP are concentrated in the Western and Southeastern U.S. and exports to Latin America, Japan, Australia, and New Zealand.
See also[edit]

List of companies in the United States
List of S&P 400 companies
Sifto Canada - Canadian subsidiary of Compass Minerals
Winsford – home of Britain's largest rock salt mine, owned by Compass Minerals

References[edit]



^ Compass Minerals presentation to BMO 2011 Global Metals & Mining Conference, February 28, 2011 – slide 3
^ Compass Minerals 2012 10-K; 12/7/10 company press release; 8/19/10 company press release
^ Company website







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Compass_Minerals&oldid=766988923"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeMining companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Kansas2001 establishments in KansasHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from January 2017All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 23 February 2017, at 09:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Compass Minerals - Wikipedia






















 






Compass Minerals

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Compass Minerals International Inc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (January 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Compass Minerals International, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CMP
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Mining


Founded
2001 in present form, some parts go back to 1844


Headquarters
Overland Park, Kansas, United States



Key people

Fran Malecha (CEO)


Products
salt, sulfate of potash


Revenue
> $US 942 million annually (2012)



Number of employees

1,778 (at the end of 2012)


Website
www.compassminerals.com


Compass Minerals International, Inc is a United States listed public company that, through its subsidiaries, is a leading producer of minerals, including salt, magnesium chloride, sulfate of potash and other plant nutrition products. Based in Kansas City, the company provides bulk treated and untreated highway deicing salt to customers in North America and the United Kingdom and plant nutrition products to growers worldwide. Compass Minerals also produces consumer deicing and water conditioning products, consumer and commercial culinary salt, and other mineral-based products for consumer, agricultural, and industrial applications. In addition, Compass Minerals provides records management services to businesses throughout the United Kingdom.



Contents


1 Ranks
2 Production methods and facilities

2.1 Underground salt mining
2.2 Mechanical evaporation
2.3 Solar evaporation


3 Business segments
4 See also
5 References



Ranks[edit]
Compass Minerals is the biggest:

Salt producer in North America and the United Kingdom
Sulfate of potash specialty fertilizer producer in the Western Hemisphere
Magnesium chloride deicing/de-dusting producer in North America[1]

In 2012, Compass Minerals had total sales of $942 million and ended the year with market capitalization of just $2.5 billion. The company is part of the S&P MidCap 400 Index, the Russell 1000 Index and was included in Fortune magazine’s 2010 listing of the “100 Fastest-Growing Companies.”[2] Though the company’s history stretches back as far as 1844, Compass Minerals became a public company following its initial public offering in December 2003.[3]
Production methods and facilities[edit]
Underground salt mining[edit]
Underground salt mining produces rock salt using both drill-and-blast and continuous mining techniques in deep deposits. Compass Minerals is the largest rock salt producer in North America and the U.K. It operates underground salt mines at Goderich, Ontario, the largest salt mine in the world with an annual capacity of 9 million tons; Cote Blanche, Louisiana, with annual capacity of 3.4 million tons; and Winsford, Cheshire, United Kingdom, with annual capacity of 1.5 million tons.[citation needed]
Mechanical evaporation[edit]
Mechanical evaporation uses high-efficiency vacuum processes to produce high-purity, fine- and coarse-grained salt products for commercial, agricultural, and industrial applications. Compass Minerals is a leading producer of mechanically evaporated salt in North America. It operates mechanical evaporation salt facilities in Lyons, Kansas (annual capacity 450,000 tons), Unity, Saskatchewan (160,000 tons); Goderich, Ontario (130,000 tons); and Amherst, Nova Scotia (130,000 tons). Compass Minerals also operates an SOP evaporation facility at Wynyard, Saskatchewan, with annual capacity of 40,000 tons. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Solar evaporation[edit]
Solar evaporation is the oldest and most energy-efficient method of mineral production. At the Great Salt Lake near Ogden, Utah, Compass Minerals draws naturally occurring brine out of the lake into shallow ponds and allows solar evaporation to produce salt, sulfate of potash (SOP) and magnesium chloride. Its SOP plant at the Great Salt Lake is the largest in North America and one of only three SOP brine solar evaporation operations in the world. Annual capacity is 350,000 tons of SOP, 1.5 million tons of salt, and 750,000 tons of magnesium chloride. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Business segments[edit]
Compass Minerals operates two business segments, Salt and Plant Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ Salt Segment mines, produces, processes and distributes sodium chloride and magnesium chloride in North America and the U.K. The segment’s largest business is highway deicing, which primarily sells bulk rock salt to states, provinces, counties, municipalities and road maintenance contractors for ice control on public roadways. The highway deicing product line also includes flake and liquid magnesium chloride used for deicing and dust control; treated rock salt treated for deicing in very low temperatures; and rock salt for the chlor-alkali industry.
The salt segment also includes consumer and industrial product lines, which includes pure sodium chloride and blended products containing magnesium chloride, calcium chloride and potassium chloride for applications such as consumer and professional deicing, water conditioning, culinary salt, animal nutrition, swimming pool minerals, and industrial applications.
Compass Minerals’ Plant Nutrition Segment produces sulfate of potash fertilizer.
Compass Minerals also manufactures micronutrient and secondary plant nutrition products under the Wolf Trax brand. Wolf Trax products include DDP Nutrients and PROTINUS Seed Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ domestic sales of SOP are concentrated in the Western and Southeastern U.S. and exports to Latin America, Japan, Australia, and New Zealand.
See also[edit]

List of companies in the United States
List of S&P 400 companies
Sifto Canada - Canadian subsidiary of Compass Minerals
Winsford – home of Britain's largest rock salt mine, owned by Compass Minerals

References[edit]



^ Compass Minerals presentation to BMO 2011 Global Metals & Mining Conference, February 28, 2011 – slide 3
^ Compass Minerals 2012 10-K; 12/7/10 company press release; 8/19/10 company press release
^ Company website







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Compass_Minerals&oldid=766988923"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeMining companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Kansas2001 establishments in KansasHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from January 2017All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 23 February 2017, at 09:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Compass Minerals - Wikipedia






















 






Compass Minerals

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Compass Minerals International Inc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (January 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Compass Minerals International, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CMP
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Mining


Founded
2001 in present form, some parts go back to 1844


Headquarters
Overland Park, Kansas, United States



Key people

Fran Malecha (CEO)


Products
salt, sulfate of potash


Revenue
> $US 942 million annually (2012)



Number of employees

1,778 (at the end of 2012)


Website
www.compassminerals.com


Compass Minerals International, Inc is a United States listed public company that, through its subsidiaries, is a leading producer of minerals, including salt, magnesium chloride, sulfate of potash and other plant nutrition products. Based in Kansas City, the company provides bulk treated and untreated highway deicing salt to customers in North America and the United Kingdom and plant nutrition products to growers worldwide. Compass Minerals also produces consumer deicing and water conditioning products, consumer and commercial culinary salt, and other mineral-based products for consumer, agricultural, and industrial applications. In addition, Compass Minerals provides records management services to businesses throughout the United Kingdom.



Contents


1 Ranks
2 Production methods and facilities

2.1 Underground salt mining
2.2 Mechanical evaporation
2.3 Solar evaporation


3 Business segments
4 See also
5 References



Ranks[edit]
Compass Minerals is the biggest:

Salt producer in North America and the United Kingdom
Sulfate of potash specialty fertilizer producer in the Western Hemisphere
Magnesium chloride deicing/de-dusting producer in North America[1]

In 2012, Compass Minerals had total sales of $942 million and ended the year with market capitalization of just $2.5 billion. The company is part of the S&P MidCap 400 Index, the Russell 1000 Index and was included in Fortune magazine’s 2010 listing of the “100 Fastest-Growing Companies.”[2] Though the company’s history stretches back as far as 1844, Compass Minerals became a public company following its initial public offering in December 2003.[3]
Production methods and facilities[edit]
Underground salt mining[edit]
Underground salt mining produces rock salt using both drill-and-blast and continuous mining techniques in deep deposits. Compass Minerals is the largest rock salt producer in North America and the U.K. It operates underground salt mines at Goderich, Ontario, the largest salt mine in the world with an annual capacity of 9 million tons; Cote Blanche, Louisiana, with annual capacity of 3.4 million tons; and Winsford, Cheshire, United Kingdom, with annual capacity of 1.5 million tons.[citation needed]
Mechanical evaporation[edit]
Mechanical evaporation uses high-efficiency vacuum processes to produce high-purity, fine- and coarse-grained salt products for commercial, agricultural, and industrial applications. Compass Minerals is a leading producer of mechanically evaporated salt in North America. It operates mechanical evaporation salt facilities in Lyons, Kansas (annual capacity 450,000 tons), Unity, Saskatchewan (160,000 tons); Goderich, Ontario (130,000 tons); and Amherst, Nova Scotia (130,000 tons). Compass Minerals also operates an SOP evaporation facility at Wynyard, Saskatchewan, with annual capacity of 40,000 tons. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Solar evaporation[edit]
Solar evaporation is the oldest and most energy-efficient method of mineral production. At the Great Salt Lake near Ogden, Utah, Compass Minerals draws naturally occurring brine out of the lake into shallow ponds and allows solar evaporation to produce salt, sulfate of potash (SOP) and magnesium chloride. Its SOP plant at the Great Salt Lake is the largest in North America and one of only three SOP brine solar evaporation operations in the world. Annual capacity is 350,000 tons of SOP, 1.5 million tons of salt, and 750,000 tons of magnesium chloride. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Business segments[edit]
Compass Minerals operates two business segments, Salt and Plant Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ Salt Segment mines, produces, processes and distributes sodium chloride and magnesium chloride in North America and the U.K. The segment’s largest business is highway deicing, which primarily sells bulk rock salt to states, provinces, counties, municipalities and road maintenance contractors for ice control on public roadways. The highway deicing product line also includes flake and liquid magnesium chloride used for deicing and dust control; treated rock salt treated for deicing in very low temperatures; and rock salt for the chlor-alkali industry.
The salt segment also includes consumer and industrial product lines, which includes pure sodium chloride and blended products containing magnesium chloride, calcium chloride and potassium chloride for applications such as consumer and professional deicing, water conditioning, culinary salt, animal nutrition, swimming pool minerals, and industrial applications.
Compass Minerals’ Plant Nutrition Segment produces sulfate of potash fertilizer.
Compass Minerals also manufactures micronutrient and secondary plant nutrition products under the Wolf Trax brand. Wolf Trax products include DDP Nutrients and PROTINUS Seed Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ domestic sales of SOP are concentrated in the Western and Southeastern U.S. and exports to Latin America, Japan, Australia, and New Zealand.
See also[edit]

List of companies in the United States
List of S&P 400 companies
Sifto Canada - Canadian subsidiary of Compass Minerals
Winsford – home of Britain's largest rock salt mine, owned by Compass Minerals

References[edit]



^ Compass Minerals presentation to BMO 2011 Global Metals & Mining Conference, February 28, 2011 – slide 3
^ Compass Minerals 2012 10-K; 12/7/10 company press release; 8/19/10 company press release
^ Company website







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Compass_Minerals&oldid=766988923"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeMining companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Kansas2001 establishments in KansasHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from January 2017All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 23 February 2017, at 09:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

















































































            
    Compass Minerals International, Inc. Reports Mixed Demand, Declining Profits -- The Motley Fool

        








 












Skip to main content



The Motley Fool


Fool.com


Fool.co.uk


Fool.com.au


Fool.ca


Fool.sg


Fool.de





                Helping the world invest better since 1993.
            




Hi, Fool!




                    Premium Advice






                    Help

 Fool Answers
 Contact Us




Login





























Search

	    Search:
	







































Compass Minerals International, Inc. Reports Mixed Demand, Declining Profits
The road salt and plant nutrition products producer continues to suffer declining demand for its plant nutrition products, though unexpected winter weather in April helped its salt business report slightly better results. Add it all up, and profits fell, management cut guidance, and the rest of 2016 could be ugly. 











                Jason Hall
            

                (TMFVelvetHammer)



            
            Jul 28, 2016 at 6:02PM
            
            





Despite a surge in winter weather in April, a mild 2015 winter is expected to weigh on Compass Minerals' sales this year. Image source: Getty Images.
Compass Minerals International, Inc. (NYSE:CMP) released second-quarter financial and operating results on July 25, reporting "an increase in salt operating earnings partially offset a significant decline in plant nutrition operating earnings." To sum it up, a mixed bag of slightly better results in one segment and very poor results in another, combined with what has been a weak winter de-icing bid season, and the rest of 2016 could be tough. 
Here's a closer look at Compass Minerals' earnings report, and what management said about the outlook for the remainder of 2016 and beyond.
The numbers
    

MetricQ2 2016Q2 2015Change



Revenue
 $169.5
 $183.7
-7.7%


Net income
 $6.3
 $13.2
-52.3%


Earnings per share
 $0.18
 $0.39
-53.8%



Revenue and net income in millions. Data source: Compass Minerals.
Keys to the quarter
The overall numbers don't tell the whole story since Compass Minerals' salt and plant nutrition segments produced very different results.

Salt segment revenue increased 2% because of a 5% increase in highway de-icing volumes.

Late-season snow in April, increased contract volumes, and customers fulfilling minimum purchase requirements were behind the late-quarter surge.
Both higher EBITDA and EBITDA margin resulted from improved mix and lower shipping and handling costs.
Average per-ton sales prices of highway de-icing and consumer & industrial salts increased slightly in the quarter. 

Plant nutrition segment revenue fell 25% in the quarter, on a 13% decline in product volumes and a 14% decline in prices. 

EBITDA of $13.1 million was down 45%, due in large part to sell-through of sulfate of potash (SOP) produced at a high cost in 2015. 
There's good news, here: Per-unit costs improved 4% from Q1 as the company sold through the last of its 2015 SOP inventory in the quarter and started selling lower-cost pond-based SOP. 

Compass also reported a $1.7 million loss from its overseas investment in Produquimica Industria e Comercio S.A., though $1 million of that is non-cash and related to the purchase of Compass' equity investment in Produquimica.
Sales, general, and administrative expense fell 3% in the quarter. 

All-in, the big declines in volume and realized revenue in the plant nutrition segment, along with higher-cost product, hurt the company a lot more than the small bounce the salt segment recorded in the quarter. 





What management said
CEO Fran Malecha didn't waste any time on the earnings call, immediately addressing the current environment while emphasizing the actions management is taking to work through the downturn and better-position the company when the agriculture cycle recovers:

These results are disappointing but not unexpected given the current down cycle in the agricultural market. More important for us is the confidence we have in our long-term strategy, based on ensuring the integrity of our assets and improving our cost position, completing our investments to expand capacity in salt and sulfate of potash, which positions us for organic growth as the markets for deicing salt and specialty potash recover, and positioning the company for international growth, specifically in Brazil with our initial investment in Produquimica.

Malecha also addressed the ongoing highway de-icing bid season. To put it bluntly, prices and volumes for the upcoming winter are set to fall:

With the bid season approximately 65% complete we estimate that bid volumes across the market we serve have contracted about 15%. That contraction puts pricing under pressure. Our bid results indicate that our expected average awarded contract price likely will decline about 7% for the 2016-2017 winter season.

Here's Machela on the downturn in plant nutrition and how Compass' efforts to improve its costs have not yet borne fruit:

[...] the overall market for SOP in North America appears to have contracted a little over 20% year-to-date when compared to last year. The good news is that the imports have declined significantly this year -- perhaps even more than the overall market. At a minimum, we believe we are holding our share of the North American SOP market.
Another piece of good news is certainly that we are improving our production costs for SOP. We sold through the high cost inventory produced with purchased KCl in 2015 and we are now benefiting from the use of mostly pond-based feedstock. Because of lower sales volumes this quarter, we didn't achieve all of the unit cost savings we had expected this quarter.

Looking ahead
When Compass Minerals last reported earnings in April, management cut full-year earnings guidance from $3.80-$4.20 per share, down to $3.25-$3.65 per share. Unfortunately, the continued downturn in agriculture demand and the early results of the winter de-icing bid season led to another guidance reduction. Management is now expecting full-year earnings of $2.60-$2.90 per share, a 20% reduction at the midpoint. 
The bottom line is, it's shaping up to be a tough year for Compass, both because of weak cyclical demand from the agricultural industry for its specialty plant nutrition products, and a series of mild winters weighing heavily on its biggest business, providing deicing salts for highways. But as Malecha said in the release, these are seasonal and cyclical things that will eventually shift back into the company's favor (maybe as soon as this winter), and they are focused on building the core business, and on the things that differentiate it from its competitors. Furthermore, the investment in Brazil-based Produquímica should help with seasonality at some point.  
The unanswerable question, though, is how long it will take for those efforts to pay off. 


Jason Hall has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Compass Minerals. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.




















Author








                            Jason Hall
                        

                            (TMFVelvetHammer)
                        

Born and raised in the Deep South of Georgia, Jason now calls Southern California home. A Fool since 2006, he began contributing to Fool.com in 2012. Trying to invest better? Like learning about companies with great (or really bad) stories? Jason can usually be found there, cutting through the noise and trying to get to the heart of the story. 

Follow @TMFVelvetHammer








Article Info




                    
                    Jul 28, 2016 at 6:02PM
                    
                


                    Energy, Materials, and Utilities
                












Stocks








Compass Minerals



                                        NYSE:CMP





                                    $68.50
                                

up



                                    $1.20
                                

                                    (1.78%)
                                








Read More



Compass Minerals Survives a Mild Winter



































Prev


1

2


3


4



Next






Compare Brokers












































Motley Fool push notifications are finally here
Allow push notifications to help you stay on top of...

Breaking investing news
Earnings coverage
Market movers
Special offers and more

Subscribe to notifications
You can unsubscribe at any time.





 



 

Current












Compass Minerals International, Inc. Reports Mixed Demand, Declining Profits @themotleyfool #stocks $CMP



























































Compass Minerals International, Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Compass Minerals International, Inc.


Compass Minerals International, Inc.

9900 West 109th Street Suite 100 
Overland Park KS 66210 United States
Phone: +1 913-___-____
Fax: +1 913-___-____
http://www.compassminerals.com





35
Managers




25
IT employees




$38.0MEST.
IT Budget




Compass Minerals International is a mineral supply company specializing in salt. The company's products include food salt, highway deicing salt, and water care products.
Information technology initiatives and operations for Compass Minerals International are led by the company's Chief Information Officer.

The department focuses on development of business applications and providing technical services for all IT infrastructure. A director oversees the application development group and… MoreInformation technology initiatives and operations for Compass Minerals International are led by the company's Chief Information Officer.

The department focuses on development of business applications and providing technical services for all IT infrastructure. A director oversees the application development group and leads a group of software developers working on applications like Oracle JD Edwards. Another director oversees the technical services group and is responsible for IT infrastructure including server management, systems engineering, and database operations.





Sector (Industry)
Industrials (Basic Materials and Chemicals)


Employees
1984


Revenue
$1.1B


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2016-09-27
Pain Point
Topic: Performance, Networks.
Company ID: Compass Minerals International, Inc., Overland Park, KS
Opportunity: A front line source has indicated that the organization is experiencing pain related to the inability to monitor/manage network performance. The organization is likely to spend to address this issue.




2016-09-26
Pain Point
Topic: Network.
Company ID: Compass Minerals International, Inc., Overland Park, KS
Opportunity: A front line source has indicated that the organization is experiencing pain related to users reporting slow access to data. 




2016-09-26
Project Scoop
Topic: Infrastructure.
Company: Compass Minerals International, Inc., Overland Park, KS
Opportunity: A front-line source has indicated that the organization is focusing on an infrastructure expansion and is currently implementing. This initiative will take place company-wide.







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Big Data/NoSQL
Apache HBase

Business Intelligence
IBM CognosOracle BI EEOracle BI PublisherOracle BI SuiteOracle Business IntelligenceOracle Business Intelligence Enterprise EditionSAP BPC

Data Modeling/Mining
Hyperion Essbase
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
cPanelGoogle Cloud AppsOracle Enterprise Manager

Desktop Virtualization
Citrix MetaFrame/PSVMware Horizon (Formerly known as VMware View)WorkstationWSUS

Email Hosting
Appriver (mail server)CYREN (Formerly known as Commtouch)Google (mail server)Network Solutions (mail server)Symantec (mail server)
Data Storage

Data Backup
EMC Avamar

Disaster Recovery
EMC RecoverPointVMware vCenter SRM

Enterprise Storage
EMC Data DomainEMC VNXeOracle ExalyticsOracle Recovery ManagerSun ZFS
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
SalesForce

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Oracle EBSOracle FusionOracle JD EdwardsOracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOneOracle Product Lifecycle ManagementSAP Business One

Enterprise Systems Support
Industry Software

Professional Services Software
Salesforce Sales Cloud
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Online Advertising
Analytics

Business Intelligence
IBM Hardware

Marketing Data Management
Microsoft SQL Server

Social Analytics
Microsoft FrontPagePHP
Creative/ Content

Customer Experience Management

Website Design
Google MapsMicrosoft Active Directory Web ServicesMicrosoft VisioWistia
eCommerce

Online Retailing
Apache ServerRackSpaceVMWareWordPress

Social Commerce
Network Solutions (Hosting)Rackspace (cloud)
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Marketing Portfolio Management
BoldChat

Mobile Application and Content Services
DSI dcLINKNovell
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Sarah DeVary
Specialist, Sales Support
___@compassminerals.com
+1 913-___-____







Julius Asanga
Senior Infrastructure Engineer
___@compassminerals.com
+1 913-___-____







Mary Wallace
Sales Support Coordinator
___@compassminerals.com
+1 913-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing





10-K: COMPASS MINERALS INTERNATIONAL INC - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,580
-31.71
-0.15%






Nasdaq

6,388
-2.25
-0.04%






S&P 500

2,473
-0.91
-0.04%









5:12 P.M. ET


Updated
      Trump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
                                





 
5:07 P.M. ET


                                  Lawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
                                





 
5:00 P.M. ET


                                  Alphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
                                





 
3:29 P.M. ET


Updated
      You can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
                                





 
3:29 P.M. ET


Updated
      Want to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
                                





 
3:28 P.M. ET


                                  This is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
                                





 
2:40 P.M. ET


Updated
      John McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
                                





 
2:38 P.M. ET


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
2:36 P.M. ET


Updated
      I want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
                                





 
2:34 P.M. ET


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
2:34 P.M. ET


Updated
      Not even free money can make some people go to the gym 
                                





 
2:33 P.M. ET


Updated
      How real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
                                





 
2:33 P.M. ET


Updated
      What Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
                                





 
2:33 P.M. ET


Updated
      Note to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
                                





 
2:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      If, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
                                





 
2:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
                                





 
2:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
                                





 
2:25 P.M. ET


                                  U.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
                                





 
1:13 P.M. ET


                                  Jared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
                                





 
12:50 P.M. ET


                                  Bitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: COMPASS MINERALS INTERNATIONAL INC
    








    By

Published: Mar 1, 2017 4:53 p.m. ET

Share


















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  The statements in this discussion regarding the industry outlook, our expectations for the future performance of our business, and the other non-historical statements in this discussion are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A., "Risk Factors." You should read the following discussion together with Item 1A., "Risk Factors" and the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.  COMPANY OVERVIEW   The largest dedicated rock salt mine in the U.K. in Winsford, Cheshire;   A solar evaporation facility located in Ogden, Utah, which is both the largest SOP specialty fertilizer production site and the largest solar salt production site in the Western Hemisphere; Several mechanical evaporation facilities producing consumer and industrial salt; and Multiple facilities producing essential agricultural nutrients and specialty chemicals in Brazil.  Our salt business provides highway deicing salt to customers in North America and the U.K. as well as consumer deicing and water conditioning products, ingredients used in consumer and commercial food preparation, and other salt-based products for consumer, agricultural and industrial applications in North America. In the U.K., we operate a records management business utilizing excavated areas of our Winsford salt mine with one other surface location in London, England.  Consolidated Results of Operations  COMPASS MINERALS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2016 FORM 10-K  [[Image Removed: cmp-2016123_chartx44492.jpg]]  CONSOLIDATED RESULTS COMMENTARY: 2015 - 2016   Total sales for 2016 were $1,138.0 million, an increase of 4% from 2015, due to the contribution from the recent acquisition of Produqu�mica, which was partially offset by continued weakness in the North American agriculture market and lower salt segment selling prices.   Operating earnings of $174.6 million decreased 21% from 2015 results due to lower operating earnings in Salt and Plant Nutrition North America segments.   Net earnings were $162.7 million in 2016, a 2% increase from 2015. Net earnings in 2016 were positively impacted by a $59.3 million gain on the remeasurement of our previously held equity investment in Produqu�mica, which was mostly offset by lower earnings in our Salt and Plant Nutrition North America segments.   EBITDA adjusted for items management believes are not indicative of our ongoing operating performance ("Adjusted EBITDA") was $275.0 million, an 8% decrease from 2015 Adjusted EBITDA of $299.7 million.   Diluted earnings per share of $4.79 increased by 2% from 2015 diluted earnings per share. Diluted earnings per share in 2016 was positively impacted by the $59.3 million remeasurement gain.  CONSOLIDATED RESULTS COMMENTARY: 2014 - 2015   Operating earnings of $221.4 million decreased 29% from 2014 primarily due to the $82.3 million gain included in 2014 results related to the tornado that hit our facilities in Goderich, Ontario, in 2011.   Net earnings were $159.2 million in 2015, a 27% decrease from 2014. Net earnings in 2014 of $217.9 million were positively impacted by an insurance settlement of $60.6 million (net of tax) related to the tornado.   Adjusted EBITDA was $299.7 million, a 2% decrease from 2014 Adjusted EBITDA of $305.7 million.   Product cost of 46% of sales in 2015 increased from the product cost of 41% in 2014. The 2014 product cost was favorably impacted due to a gain of approximately $82.3 million from the aforementioned settlement.   Diluted earnings per share of $4.69 decreased by 27% from 2014 diluted earnings per share.  [[Image Removed: cmp-2016123_chartx46201.jpg]]  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- COMPASS MINERALS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2016 FORM 10-K GROSS PROFIT & GROSS MARGIN COMMENTARY: 2015 - 2016 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------   The decrease in salt gross profit was primarily due to a $37 million decrease in salt sales partially offset by approximately $25 million of lower logistics costs due to lower fuel rates and improved geographic mix.   The plant nutrition business, on a combined basis, contributed approximately $11 million to the decrease in gross profit primarily due to lower average sales prices realized in our Plant Nutrition North America segment and a partial write-down of $3.1 million of a Wolf Trax trade name acquired in 2014 partially offset by the positive impact of the results from Produqu�mica due to the acquisition in October 2016.   In addition, Plant Nutrition North America experienced an 11% increase in per-unit shipping and handling costs due to higher warehousing costs and unfavorable geographic sales mix.  GROSS PROFIT & GROSS MARGIN COMMENTARY: 2014 - 2015   Unfavorable exchange rate contributed approximately $7 million to the decrease in Salt gross profit.   Salt gross profit was unfavorably impacted by lower sales volume for highway and consumer and industrial deicing products which were offset partially by higher realized average salt sales prices.   Lower gross profit for Plant Nutrition North America contributed approximately $15 million to the decrease in gross profit primarily due to lower sales volumes.   Gross profit for Plant Nutrition North America was unfavorably impacted by lower Plant Nutrition North America sales volumes and an increase in per-unit production costs. Per-unit production costs increased as we purchased and consumed KCl and other potassium mineral feedstock to supplement production due to the poor 2014 evaporation season.   The decrease in Plant Nutrition North America gross profit was partially offset by higher realized average sales prices.  OTHER EXPENSES AND INCOME COMMENTARY: 2015 - 2016   This increase was partially offset by a decrease of $2.0 million in corporate professional services and a decrease of $1.8 million in marketing expenses in our Plant Nutrition North America and Salt segments.  Interest Expense: Increased $12.6 million to $34.1 million  Gain from Remeasurement of Equity Method Investment: $59.3 million  Other (Income) Expense, Net: Decreased from income of $14.6 million in 2015 to expense of $1.1 million  Income Tax Expense: Decreased $20.7 million to $34.6 million   Our income tax provision in both periods differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to U.S. statutory depletion, domestic manufacturing deductions, state income taxes, foreign income, mining and withholding taxes and interest expense recognition differences for tax and financial reporting purposes.   Our effective tax rate was 18% in 2016 and 26% in 2015. Our effective tax rate decreased in 2016 as a result of a nontaxable gain of $59.3 million from the remeasurement of our previously held equity investment in Produqu�mica.  COMPASS MINERALS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2016 FORM 10-K  OTHER EXPENSES AND INCOME COMMENTARY: 2014 - 2015   SG&A in 2015 was also impacted by lower incentive compensation in both segments and corporate and other, which totaled approximately $2.2 million.   The decrease was partially offset by an increase in in corporate and other costs related to information technology and ongoing costs related to our Wolf Trax business in our Plant Nutrition North America segment.  Interest Expense: Increased $1.4 million to $21.5 million  Other Income, Net: Increased $13.7 million to $14.6 million   The increase was due in part to a $6.9 million charge relating to the refinancing in June 2014 of our 8% Notes.  Income Tax Expense: Decreased $18.6 million to $55.3 million   Our income tax provision in both periods differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to U.S. statutory depletion, domestic manufacturing deductions, state income taxes, foreign income, mining and withholding taxes and interest expense recognition differences for tax and financial reporting purposes.   Our effective tax rate was 26% in 2015 and 25% in 2014.  Operating Segment Performance  SALT SEGMENT RESULTS [[Image Removed: cmp-2016123_chartx47846.jpg]]  COMPASS MINERALS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2016 FORM 10-K [[Image Removed: cmp-2016123_chartx49414.jpg]] [[Image Removed: cmp-2016123_chartx50302.jpg]] [[Image Removed: cmp-2016123_chartx51112.jpg]] Salt Sales (in millions) 2016 2015 2014 Salt sales $ 811.9 $ 849.0 $ 1,002.6 Less: salt shipping and handling 214.5 239.1 309.3 Salt product sales $ 597.4 $ 609.9 $ 693.3 Salt Operating Earnings $ 200.6 $ 215.2 $ 291.4 Salt Sales Volumes (thousands of tons) Highway deicing 8,966 8,854 10,694 Consumer and industrial 2,147 2,215 2,596 Total tons sold 11,113 11,069 13,290 Average Salt Sales Price (per ton) Highway deicing $ 54.73 $ 58.62 $ 57.37 Consumer and industrial 149.63 148.98 149.89 Combined 73.06 76.70 75.44  SALT SEGMENT RESULTS COMMENTARY: 2015 - 2016   Salt segment volumes were essentially flat with 2015 due to higher North American highway and consumer deicing sales volumes which were partially offset by lower U.K. sales volumes.  COMPASS MINERALS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2016 FORM 10-K   Our Salt operating results are impacted by the winter weather in the markets we serve. We assess the severity of winter weather compared to recent averages, using official government snow data and comparisons of our sales volumes to historical trends and other relevant data. Our assessment of the frequency of winter snow events in the three past winter weather seasons in the markets we serve are summarized below:(a)  2014 Above average in first quarter  (a) The number of snow events reported may not directly correlate to our deicing results due to a variety of factors, including the relative significance to each city we serve within our market regions. The weather data should be used only as an indicator of year-to-year variations in winter weather conditions in our markets.   A decrease of 5% in Salt average sales prices contributed approximately $40 million to the decline in Salt sales and included unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates.   Salt segment operating earnings were $200.6 million, a decrease of 7% from 2015, primarily due to lower average selling prices and higher per unit production costs.  SALT SEGMENT RESULTS COMMENTARY: 2014 - 2015   Salt segment average selling price increased 2% from 2014.   Salt sales volumes declined 2.2 million tons or 17% due to lower highway and consumer deicing sales volumes as a result of milder winter weather experienced in the fourth quarter of 2015 when compared to the same period in the prior year.   Lower sales volumes for North American highway and consumer deicing customers contributed approximately $123 million to the decrease in Salt product sales.   The decrease in North American Salt sales volumes was partially offset by higher U.K. Salt sales volumes.   Unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates contributed approximately $24 million to the decrease in Salt product sales.   An increase of 2% in highway salt deicing average selling prices and lower per-unit shipping and handling costs compared to the prior year partially offset the decline in product sales.   Salt segment operating earnings were $215.2 million, a decrease of 26% from 2014, primarily due to a gain of approximately $83 million recognized in 2014 related to the tornado.  COMBINED PLANT NUTRITION RESULTS (North America and South America)  COMPASS MINERALS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2016 FORM 10-K [[Image Removed: cmp-2016123_chartx54601.jpg]] Combined Plant Nutrition Sales (in millions) 2016 2015 2014 Combined plant nutrition sales $ 316.5 $ 238.4 $ 270.2 Less: combined plant nutrition shipping and handling 30.4 22.4 28.4 Combined plant nutrition product sales $ 286.1 $ 216.0 $ 241.8 Combined Plant Nutrition Operating Earnings $ 28.5 $ 57.9 $ 74.8 Combined Plant Nutrition Sales Volumes (thousands of tons) 507 311 396  COMBINED PLANT NUTRITION RESULTS COMMENTARY: 2015 - 2016   Combined plant nutrition operating earnings were $28.5 million, a decrease of 51% from 2015, primarily due to lower average selling prices in North America partially offset by the inclusion of Produqu�mica results since the acquisition in October 2016.   Combined plant nutrition volumes increased 63% from 2015 driven by Produqu�mica sales volumes.  COMBINED PLANT NUTRITION RESULTS COMMENTARY: 2014 - 2015  PLANT NUTRITION NORTH AMERICA RESULTS [[Image Removed: cmp-2016123_chartx55390.jpg]]  COMPASS MINERALS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2016 FORM 10-K [[Image Removed: cmp-2016123_chartx57154.jpg]] [[Image Removed: cmp-2016123_chartx58038.jpg]] Plant Nutrition North America Sales (in millions) 2016 2015 2014 Plant Nutrition North America sales $ 203.0 $ 238.4 $ 270.2 Less: Plant Nutrition North America shipping and handling 25.0 22.4 28.4 Plant Nutrition North America product sales $ 178.0 $ 216.0 $ 241.8 Plant Nutrition North America Operating Earnings $ 21.1 $ 57.9 $ 74.8 Plant Nutrition North America Sales Volumes (thousands of tons) 313 311 396 Plant Nutrition North America Average Sales Price (per ton) $ 648 $ 765 $ 682  PLANT NUTRITION NORTH AMERICA RESULTS COMMENTARY: 2015 - 2016   Plant Nutrition North America average sales price decreased by 15% from 2015 and contributed approximately $37 million to the decrease in Plant Nutrition North America sales. Average sales prices were lower than 2015 due to the depressed agriculture market.   Plant Nutrition North America volumes increased 1% from 2015 which partially offset the decrease in sales by approximately $1 million.   Plant Nutrition North America operating earnings were $21.1 million, a decrease of 64% from 2015, primarily due to a 15% reduction in average selling prices and an 11% increase in per-unit shipping and handling costs related to higher warehousing costs and an unfavorable geographic sales mix.  PLANT NUTRITION NORTH AMERICA RESULTS COMMENTARY: 2014 - 2015   Plant Nutrition North America average selling price increased by 12% from 2014.   Plant Nutrition North America volumes decreased 21% from 2014 driven by weakness in the agriculture market.   Per-unit costs were unfavorably impacted in 2015 by purchased KCl used to supplement the raw mineral feedstock produced through solar-evaporation at our Ogden, Utah, facility.  COMPASS MINERALS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2016 FORM 10-K   Plant Nutrition North America sales volumes declined 85,000 tons or 21% and contributed approximately $49 million to the decrease in plant nutrition product sales.   The 12% increase in Plant Nutrition North America average selling price partially offset the decrease in Plant Nutrition North America product sales by approximately $23 million.   Plant Nutrition North America operating earnings were $57.9 million, a decrease of 23% from 2014, primarily due to lower sales volumes and higher per unit costs.   PLANT NUTRITION SOUTH AMERICA RESULTS The following financial results represent consolidated financial information with respect to our new Plant Nutrition South America segment from October 3, 2016, the Produqu�mica acquisition date, through December 31, 2016. Plant Nutrition South America Sales (in millions) 2016 2015 2014 Plant Nutrition South America sales $ 113.5 - - Less: Plant Nutrition South America shipping and handling 5.4 - - Plant Nutrition South America product sales $ 108.1 - - Plant Nutrition South America Operating Earnings $ 7.4 - - Plant Nutrition South America Sales Volumes (thousands of tons) Agricultural productivity 122 - - Chemical solutions 72 - - Total tons sold 194 - - Average Plant Nutrition South America Sales Price (per ton) Agricultural productivity $ 713 - - Chemical solutions 372 - - Combined 587 - -  Mar 01, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family


If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich


John McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer















Most Popular





O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family





Alphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors





The dark side of cruises





Stocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms





Film Clip: 'The Midwife'




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



Credit


Currency


Executives and Management


Politics and Government


Executive Compensation


France




U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Options Trading


Retail


Health Care


Child Care




Coffee


Day Care Centers


Heart Disease


Ice


Labor


Labor Day






People in the news



Levin, Carl


Trump, Donald


Gray, John


Buffett, Warren


McCain, John


Lauren, Ralph




Gold, Howard


Mccormick, David


Toll, Robert


Smith, Will


Bush, George


Kennedy, Edward




Obama, Barack


Wilson, Gary


Kennedy, John


Ross, Wilbur


Musk, Elon


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



JPMorgan Chase & Co.


International Industries


Whole Foods Market


United National


Union Pacific


Transport Service




United Health Services


Travel


Cook Group


Principal Financial Group


West


American Diabetes Association




Communications Workers of America


Health Care Insurance


Jones


Trend Line


Best Buy Co. Inc.


Macy's Inc.






Organizations in the news



Comptroller of the Currency


Justice Department


London Stock Exchange


Securities and Exchange Commission


Senate


Commerce Department




National Security Agency


Air Transport Association


Environmental Protection Agency


Centers for Disease Control and Prevention


American Medical Association


Harvard University




State Department


University of Mississippi


University of Virginia


West Virginia University


Federal Bureau of Investigation


Small Business Administration












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




6:09 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































Rock Salt & Magnesium Chloride | Compass Minerals
















































 

















X








X








Sifto® Culinary Salt


Visit
              Website





	Salt	


ALL


Animal Nutrition
Dust Control
Food-Grade
Highway Deicing
Industrial
Package Deicing - Commercial
Package Deicing - Jan/San
Package Deicing - Residential
Water Care


Country: United StatesCountry: US



Any Region
US
Canada
UK















                	BULK HIGHWAY                

                     Rock Solid Performance Where And When It Matters                




                    We can get salt to you by rail, truck, barge or vessel, so when you need salt, Compass Minerals delivers.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Compass Minerals is North America’s leader for the production, sales and distribution of highway deicing products. Our superior distribution network and dedicated customer service team ensure that you get the product you need reliably and economically, no matter where you are located. We also have the expertise to make planning, storage and delivery much easier.
 
Partnering with Compass Minerals will ensure you have a successful snow removal program.












                	Safe Step® 

                     Clearing the Way to a Beautiful Home® 




                    Safe Step offers a broad range of ice melters that deliver outstanding deicing performance tailored to your specific needs. Each formulation features the Performance Meter that allows you to quickly pick the right product for your weather conditions.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
Safe Step 3300® Rock Salt
Safe Step 4300® Dual Blend® 
Safe Step 5300® Max Blend®
Safe Step 6300® Enviro-Blend®
Safe Step 7300® Calcium Chloride
Safe Step 8300® Magnesium Chloride
Safe Step® Sure Paws® 












                	ICEAWAY® 

                     Blaze New Trails                




                    There isn't one grade of snow and ice. To meet and beat the conditions that Mother Nature throws your way, you deserve a line of deicers that give performance versatility. The IceAway line of professional grade ice melters are formulated to fit your need.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
IceAway® Rock Salt
IceAway®  Turbo™
IceAway®  Turbo Plus™
IceAway®  Max™ Calcium Chloride
IceAway®  Max Green™ Magnesium Chloride












                	Safe Step® Pro Series® 

                     Your Ice Melting Authority® 




                    Safe Step Pro Series was designed specifically for the professional. We took into account everything we've heard you say over the years and every potential ice melting challenge, and devised superior ice melting products that are both safe and effective.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
Safe Step® Pro Series® 370 Econo Blend Blue®
Safe Step® Pro Series® 550 Select Blend®
Safe Step® Pro Series®570 Select Blend® Blue
Safe Step® Pro Series® 750 Magnesium Chloride
Safe Step® Pro Series® 960 Choice Formula
IceAway® Max™ Calcium Chloride












                	DriRox® 

                     Kiln-Dried Salt                




                    DriRox is a high performance deicing salt that every road maintenance program should have in its arsenal. Free-flowing and uniform in size, it delivers more effective and longer-lasting results because of lower moisture content than other solar salts.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Some salts have a moisture content of 2.0% or more, which can cause clumping, poor application, clogging and a variety of challenges. DriRox is kiln-dried solar salt with a moisture content less than 0.1%. This helps ensure:

No freezing or clumping
Better flow
More effective application
Faster acting than red salt
Easier mix to create brine













                	DUSTGARD® 

                     Treat Your Gravel Roads Better                




                    DustGard magnesium chloride is the preferred product for dust control, soil stabilization and wind erosion problems on roads and bare soil. 
                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
 
When applied to roads and bare soil areas, it immediately provides tangible benefits including:

Cleaner air, which leads to better health. Fugitive dust can cause health problems in the young, elderly and those with respiratory conditions.
Greater safety through improved road conditions, including increased driver visibility and decreased risks caused by loose gravel, soft spots, road roughness and flying rocks.
Stable soil, preventing destructive wind erosion. It reduces foreign sediment in nearby surface waters (dust that settles in creeks and streams), helps prevent stunted crop growth caused by clogged pores in plants and keeps vehicles and property cleaner.













                	FreezGard® 

                     The proven performer in the most challenging weather conditions                




                    Providing safe roads during the toughest winter storms requires more than an ordinary deicer. That's why we've created FreezGard, the leading high-performance anti-icing liquid on the market.  Transportation departments across the country trust FreezGard to create the safest roads with its unsurpassed low-temperature performance and superior melting capacity.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
FreezGard Lite
FreezGard Zero
FreezGard CI Plus
FreezGard Lite CI Plus












                	Gravel Roads Academy® 

                     Get Schooled In Gravelology                




                    Enroll in the Gravel Roads Academy and benefit from information and training on how to better maintain your gravel roads for superior stabilization, greater cost savings and better air quality.                 




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
You don’t need to be a rocket scientist to know that the better a gravel road is made, the less it costs to maintain. Get your degree in Gravelology when the Gravel Roads Academy comes to a town near you. You’ll learn the latest techniques to creating and maintaining roads that help your budget go the extra mile.
 
Course Curriculum:

Road Design
Road Maintenance
Road Stabilization
Program Efficiency
Field Training













                	QwikSalt® 

                     Specially Enhanced To Quickly Clear Roads                




                    For an effective deicing solution that doesn’t sacrifice performance look to QwikSalt® – fast-acting, long-lasting and free of impurities. QwikSalt® is the budget-smart choice for your winter roads.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
For years, salt has been the most cost-effective option to keep roads clear during harsh winter conditions. QwikSalt is the top choice for many reasons:

Over 99% pure sodium chloride
Mixed with magnesium chloride to enhance performance and storage
Blended with an anti-caking agent for optimal flowability
QwikSalt stays on the road, reducing bounce and scatter
Produced responsibly, using a solar evaporation process from the Great Salt Lake in Utah













                	Thawrox® 






                    Thawrox is the industry's premier deicing product, combining the performance of liquid deicing technology with proven melting effects of rock salt.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Using Thawrox means lower labor and equipment maintenance costs — so  deicing dollars go further than ever before. Quicker, longer and more effective performance using less salt.
 

Reduces bounce and scatter – 95% stays in the targeted application area
Good adhesion to roadway with continuing residual effects
Reduces fuel and labor costs
Works in cold temperatures (5˚F / -15˚C)
Less wind-borne loss of finer salt













                	SureSoft® 

                     Safe, Effective Performance For Family and Home® 




                    SureSoft is a 100% natural water softening solution. Effective in all traditional water softeners, our full line of water softening salts extends the life of appliances and fixtures, and makes homes operate more efficiently and effectively.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
Make a big impact on the quality of water, but a small impact on our planet – our bags contain 20% recycled materials and our products are 100% natural.
 
SureSoft® CubesPlus® with Resin Clean® 
SureSoft® CubesPlus® with Rust Buster® 
SureSoft® Extra Coarse
SureSoft® PelletsPlus® with Resin Clean® 
SureSoft® PelletsPlus® with Rust Buster® 
 
 












                	Nature's Own® 

                     For Home. For Health. For Life.® 




                    It's time to think beyond water conditioning to water care.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Families everywhere have rediscovered the benefits of natural living and the value of purity in their lives. At the center of that healthy lifestyle is water. Nature’s Own water care products help them restore the water in their homes to the pure, clear state nature intended.
 
PRODUCT LINE
 
Nature’s Own® Potassium Cubes












                	ProSoft® 






                    Dealers can stake their reputations on our unique, high-quality ProSoft water softening products certified by the National Sanitation Foundation. Formulated to keep water softeners working at peak performance and extends the life of plumbing systems.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
ProSoft® Compacted Salt Cubes with Resin Kleen®
ProSoft® Compacted Salt Cubes with Rust Buster® 
ProSoft® Extra Coarse












                	K-Life® 






                    Available only for professional dealers, K-Life uses environmentally friendly potassium to soften water. With K-Life, you not only avoid adding excess sodium to your drinking water, you also add natural potassium that your body needs.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
K-Life® Sodium-Free Water Softener Crystals












                	Natural Salt® 






                    Natural Salt water softener products have the power to reduce brine tank clean-out for effective and efficient home water softening.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
Natural Salt® Water Softener Salt Cubes with Resin Clean® 
Natural Salt® Water Softener Salt Cubes with Rust Fighting Formula
Natural Salt® Water Softener Salt Extra Coarse
Natural Salt® Water Softener Rock Salt












                	Sun Soft® 






                    From the natural waters of Utah's Great Salt Lake, and using the sun's clean solar energy, Sun Soft solar salt products help with all your water softening needs.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
Sun Soft® Extra Coarse
Sun Soft® Pellets
Sun Soft® Pellets with Rust Buster®












                	American Stockman® 

                     The Future of Ranching, A History of Results® 




                    An animal's appetite for salt is second only to water.  For decades, ranchers and producers have relied on American Stockman salt and mineral products for optimum livestock health.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT LINE
 
American Stockman® Agri Salt
American Stockman® Big 6® Mineral Salt
American Stockman® Cobalt Iodized Salt
American Stockman® Easy Flow Stock Salt
American Stockman® Equine Micro 100®
American Stockman® Fine Stock Salt
American Stockman® Hi-Salt® with EDDI
American Stockman® Iodized Salt
American Stockman® Mixing Salt
American Stockman® Multi-Purpose Stock Salt
American Stockman® Se-30 Trace Mineralized Salt with Selenium
American Stockman® Se-90 Trace Mineralized Salt with Selenium
American Stockman® Solar Medium Salt, Kiln Dried
American Stockman® Solar Milled Salt, Kiln Dried
American Stockman® Solar Mixing Salt, Kiln Dried
American Stockman® Sulfur Salt
American Stockman® Trace Mineralized Salt
American Stockman® White Salt












                	Special Purity® 






                    Long recognized as a leader in food-grade salt products in the U.S., Special Purity meets your exacting demands for quality and consistency.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Available in treated, untreated, iodized or flour cut. Meets all USDA, FDA and Food Chemical Codex Standards. Pure salt with no additives – just washed, filtered, dried, screened and quality-control tested.
 
Available in 50 lb. bags, tote bags, and bulk.












                	Industrial Purity® 






                    From fixing dyes to hide tanning to removing impurities in metal; we produce Industrial Purity products from evaporated, solar and rock salt in every shape and size to meet a wide array of industrial needs and applications.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Available in bags, tote bags and bulk.












                	SureSoft® Pool Salt                






                    SureSoft Pool Salt is designed with homeowners in mind. It helps homeowners get the very most from their backyard pool by producing sparkling clear, gentle water that only a salt water pool can provide.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
Engineered specifically for use with electrolytic chlorine generators, SureSoft Pool Salt conditions water naturally, creating pool water that is gentler on skin, hair, nose and eyes. High-purity, extra-fine crystals dissolve rapidly and contain a natural stain fighter that helps protect pool finishes.
 
SureSoft Pool Salt meets or exceeds the standards set by leading chlorine generator manufacturers and has earned the official certification of the National Sanitation Foundation.












                	ProSoft Pool Salt                






                    ProSoft Pool Salt is designed for pool professionals.  ProSoft meets or exceeds the standards set by leading chlorine generator manufacturers and has earned the official certification of the National Sanitation Foundation.                




LEARN MORE






PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
 
ProSoft Pool Salt proudly supports industry associations:
 

Member of Association of Pool and Spa Professionals
Associate Member of National Plasterers Council
Associate Member of Independent Pool & Spa Service Association













CMP Profile | Compass Minerals Intl Inc Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.54-0.91 (-0.04%)Dow 3021,580.07-31.71 (-0.15%)LISTENAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemBertolini shares how a life-threatening injury shaped his views on health care.Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP)NYSE - NYSE Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist68.50+1.20 (+1.78%)At close:  4:02PM EDTPeople also watchCFAGUTDYIPISYTSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsCompass Minerals International, Inc.9900 West 109th StreetSuite 100Overland Park, KS 66210United States913-344-9200http://www.compassminerals.comSector: Basic MaterialsIndustry: Industrial Metals & MineralsFull Time Employees: 3,103Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Francis J. MalechaChief Exec. Officer, Pres and Director1.44MN/A53Ms. Diana C. TomanSr. VP, Gen. Counsel and Sec.646.41kN/A38Mr. Steven N. BergerSr. VP of Corp. Services584.91kN/A51Mr. Matthew J. FoulstonExec. OfficerN/AN/A52Mr. John D. CraftVP and Corp. Controller349.3kN/A54Amounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.DescriptionCompass Minerals International, Inc., produces and sells salt, and specialty plant nutrition and chemical products in the United States, Canada, Brazil, the United Kingdom, and internationally. It operates in three segments: Salt, Plant Nutrition North America, and Plant Nutrition South America. The Salt segment offers sodium chloride and magnesium chloride, including rock salt, mechanically and solar evaporated salt, and brine and flake magnesium chloride products; and purchases potassium chloride and calcium chloride to sell as finished products or to blend with salt to produce specialty products. This segment provides products for use as a deicer for highway, consumer, and professional use; as an ingredient in chemical production; for water treatment, human, and animal nutrition; and for various other consumer and industrial uses, as well as provides records management services. The Plant Nutrition North America segment offers sulfate of potash specialty fertilizers in various grades, including agricultural products used in broadcast spreaders, direct application, and liquid fertilizer solutions; turf products used by the turf and ornamental markets, as well as for blends used on golf greens; and organic products for various applications under the Protassium+ brand, as well as micronutrient products for commodity row crops under the Wolf Trax brand. This segment provides its products to distributors and retailers of crop inputs, as well as growers. The Plant Nutrition South America segment offers various specialty plant nutrients and supplements; water and wastewater treatment chemicals for cleaning, decontaminating, and purifying water; and process chemicals for industrial use, as well as value-added services. The company was formerly known as Salt Holdings Corporation and changed its name to Compass Minerals International, Inc. in November 2003. Compass Minerals International, Inc. was incorporated in 1993 and is based in Overland Park, Kansas.Corporate GovernanceCompass Minerals International, Inc.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of July 1, 2017 is 1. The pillar scores are Audit: 1; Board: 2; Shareholder Rights: 4; Compensation: 1.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)






Compass Minerals International Inc (CMP.N)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Compass Minerals International Inc (CMP.N)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataBasic MaterialsAgricultural Chemicals












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				CMP.N on New York Stock Exchange


				68.50USD
21 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $1.20


					            (+1.78%)
					        






Prev Close

$67.30


Open

$68.00




Day's High

$68.50


Day's Low

$67.10




Volume

119,996


Avg. Vol

120,764




52-wk High

$84.25


52-wk Low

$62.70











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Francis Malecha

53
2013

                                President, Chief Executive Officer and Director




							James Standen

41
2017

                                Interim Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting and Financial Officer, Treasurer




							Diana Toman

38
2015

                                Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary




							Steve Berger

51
2013

                                Senior Vice President-Corporate Services




							Brad Griffith

49
2016

                                Senior Vice President - Plant Nutrition




							Anthony Sepich

46
2016

                                Senior Vice President - Salt




							John Craft

54
2017

                                Vice President, Corporate Controller




							Richard Grant

70
2013

                                Lead Independent Director




							David D'Antoni

72
2004

                                Independent Director




							Valdemar Fischer

53
2017

                                Independent Director




							Eric Ford

62
2011

                                Independent Director




							Allan Rothwell

69
2006

                                Independent Director




							Lori Walker

59
2015

                                Independent Director




							Paul Williams

57
2009

                                Independent Director




							Amy Yoder

50
2012

                                Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Francis Malecha


					
							Mr. Francis Joseph Malecha is President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Compass Minerals International Inc. He joined Compass Minerals with more than 25 years of experience in agri-business. From 2000 through 2013, he worked of Viterra Inc.,a global agri-business company. He served as Chief Operating Officer-Grain from 2007 to 2012 and served as Senior Vice President-Grain and Vice President-Grain Merchandising & Transportation from 2000 to 2007. Viterra Inc. was acquired by Glencore International plc in December 2012 at which time Mr. Malecha was named Head of Agricultural Products, North America. At Viterra Inc. Mr. Malecha’s responsibilities included global grain merchandising, transportation, operations, commodity risk management, and international merger and acquisition activity. Prior to Viterra Inc.,Mr. Malecha worked for 15 years with General Mills, Inc. in the grain division. Mr. Malecha has extensive operating and managerial experience in domestic and international businesses; inclusive leadership and communication skills; commodity risk management expertise; extensive experience in advancing growth strategies, including acquisitions and strategic alliances; and broad experience in corporate governance.




							James Standen


					
							Mr. James D. Standen has been appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting and Financial Officer, Treasurer of the Company., effective April 25, 2017. He joined Compass Minerals in 2006 as assistant treasurer and has held positions of increasing responsibility since that time. In addition to his leadership of the Plant Nutrition South America finance function, Standen currently leads all capital market transactions, manages all commercial banking relationships, oversees financial risk management and the corporate financial planning and analysis team and serves on the company's investment committee. Prior to joining Compass Minerals, Standen spent six years in various finance roles at Kansas City Southern Railway Company.




							Diana Toman


					
							Ms. Diana C. Toman is Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Toman was employed by General Cable Corporation from 2010 to 2015, most recently as Vice President, Strategy and General Counsel, Asia Pacific and Africa. Ms. Toman served as legal counsel with increasing levels of responsibility at Gardner Denver, Inc. from 2006 to 2010 and Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. from 2003 to 2006. She began her career as an attorney with the law firm of Levy & Craig, P.C.




							Steve Berger


					
							Mr. Steve N. Berger is Senior Vice President, Corporate Services of Compass Minerals International, Inc. since June 2013. He joined Compass Minerals as Vice President, Human Resources in March 2013 and was appointed Senior Vice President, Corporate Services in June 2013. From 2008 and until joining the Company, Mr. Berger was employed at Viterra, Inc., most recently as Senior Vice President, Corporate Services. Prior to that, he worked as a Senior Executive at Accenture and a Principal at A.T. Kearney.




							Brad Griffith


					
							Mr. Brad Griffith serves as Senior Vice President - Plant Nutrition of the Company, effective Aug. 29, 2016. Griffith will lead Compass Minerals' plant nutrition division and deliver on the division's growth and profitability objectives. Griffith will work with the plant nutrition team to drive product innovation, strengthen customer relationships, and build improved sales and distribution strategies. Griffith comes to Compass Minerals from Monsanto and brings valuable agriculture marketing experience in the areas of product development, new product commercialization, sales and marketing, and global strategy. He was at Monsanto since 2008, most recently as vice president, global strategic accounts where he was responsible for fostering relationships with key customers. Previously Griffith had a lengthy career in pharmaceutical and medical sales, where he held positions of increasing responsibility, most recently at Sanofi-Aventis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. as pilot lead. Griffith holds a bachelor's degree from University of Illinois, Champaign-Urbana. He earned his MBA from Washington University, John M. Olin School of Business in St. Louis, Missouri.




							Anthony Sepich


					
							Mr. Anthony J. Sepich serves as Senior Vice President - Salt of the company effective November 2016. Mr. Sepich joined Compass Minerals from Archer Daniels Midland Company (“ADM”), one of the world’s largest agricultural processors, where he most recently served as President of ADM Corn Europe. He joined ADM in 1997 and served in a number of capacities, primarily in ADM’s cocoa division, where he held positions in risk management and sales, including Vice President of Sales.




							John Craft


					
							Mr. John David Craft has been appointed as Vice President, Corporate Controller of the Company, effective April 3, 2017. He is no longer Interim Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting and Financial Officer of the Company, effective April 3, 2017. Mr. Craft, has served as the Company’s Vice President and Corporate Controller since May 2015. Mr. Craft joined the Company as Vice President of Internal Audit and Compliance in March 2015. Prior to joining the Company, he was with Delphi Corporation from August 2011 to March 2015, where he held the position of Chief Financial Officer for Delphi Connection Systems-Americas. Mr. Craft has a Master of Business Administration degree in Finance and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Michigan State University.




							Richard Grant


					
							Mr. Richard S. Grant is Lead Independent Director of Compass Minerals International Inc. From 1998 until his retirement in 2002, Mr. Grant served as Chief Executive Officer of BOC Process Gas Solutions, a global business providing utilities and services primarily to the chemical, petrochemical and metals industries. Concurrently, he served as a director of the BOC Group plc and Chairman of CNC sa, a Mexican joint venture. Mr. Grant currently serves as a director of BlueLinx Holdings, Inc., a publicly-traded distributor of building products. Mr. Grant served as the Company's Interim Chief Executive Officer from 2012 to 2013. Mr. Grant has served as the Lead Independent Director since the position was created in 2005, except during his short service as Interim Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Grant has substantial leadership and operational experience in a variety of complex, international businesses, which includes leadership positions based overseas; extensive experience involving acquisitions and strategic alliances; a strong understanding of corporate governance and board leadership for public and private companies; and experience in strategic planning, major capital projects, sales and marketing.




							David D'Antoni


					
							Mr. David J. D'Antoni is Independent Director of Compass Minerals International Inc. since November 2004. In September 2004, Mr. D’Antoni retired from Ashland, Inc. where he served as Senior Vice President and Group Operating Officer of APAC and Valvoline since March 2000. He also served as President of APAC and Ashland Chemical. Mr. D’Antoni has served as a director of State Auto Financial Corporation, an insurance holding company since 1995, and as a director of OMNOVA Solutions, Inc. a global provider of emulsion polymers, specialty chemicals, and decorative and functional surfaces since 2004. Mr. D'Antoni has substantial operating, management, sales and marketing experience in global businesses; a strong knowledge of legal, regulatory, environmental, health and safety matters; and significant experience in strategy and international mergers and acquisitions.




							Valdemar Fischer


					
							Mr. Valdemar L. Fischer serves as Independent Director of the Company. Mr. Fischer served as the Special Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer of Nufarm Limited, a global agriculture chemicals company based in Melbourne, Australia, until his retirement in 2017. Prior to this role, he served as Nufarm's Group Executive, Global Marketing and Product Portfolio from 2015 to 2016 and as General Manager, Latin America from 2010 to 2015. Prior to joining Nufarm, Mr. Fischer held several positions with increasing responsibility at Syngenta AG, a Swiss agrochemical company, including key leadership roles such as Regional Head, NAFTA Crop Protection and Regional Head Latin America and Brazil, as well as several other international positions at Syngenta's predecessor companies. Mr. Fischer has extensive experience in Brazil and Latin America; substantial executive experience in the agrichemical industry; an expansive sales and marketing background; and broad experience in strategic planning.




							Eric Ford


					
							Mr. Eric Ford is Independent Director of Compass Minerals International Inc. Mr. Ford was Executive Vice President, Office of the Chief Executive Officer of Peabody Energy Corporation when he retired in January 2014. Peabody Energy Corporation is the world’s largest private sector coal company, and Mr. Ford was an executive with that company in various senior executive roles since March 2007. In his last role, Mr. Ford oversaw strategic aspects of the Australia platform, including business direction, operational and commercial strategy and performance, and external stakeholder interaction. Prior to joining Peabody, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Anglo Coal Australia Pty Ltd. Mr. Ford has substantial leadership experience in managing and operating underground mining businesses on four continents; extensive expertise in strategic long-term and short-term natural resource planning and optimization; a deep understanding of environmental, health and safety practices and risk management and mitigation; and significant project development and implementation experience.




							Allan Rothwell


					
							Mr. Allan R. Rothwell is Independent Director of Compass Minerals International Inc. since March 2006. In April 2006, Mr. Rothwell retired from Eastman Chemical Company where he served as Executive Vice President and President of its Voridian Division. Mr. Rothwell joined Eastman Chemical in 1969 and held various positions including Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy; President, Chemicals Group; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and President, Polymers Group. Mr. Rothwell has served as a director of OMNOVA Solutions, Inc. a global provider of emulsion polymers, specialty chemicals, and decorative and functional surfaces since 2010. Mr. Rothwell has extensive sales, marketing and managerial experience in global businesses; substantial knowledge of financial matters and internal controls; extensive experience in advancing growth strategies, including mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances; and a broad understanding of corporate governance.




							Lori Walker


					
							Ms. Lori A. Walker is Independent Director of the Company. Ms. Walker previously served as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of The Valspar Corporation, a global coatings manufacturer, from 2008 to 2013, where she led the Finance, IT, and Communications teams. Prior to that position, Ms. Walker served as Valspar’s Vice President, Controller and Treasurer from 2004 to 2008, and as Vice President and Controller from 2001 to 2004. Prior to joining Valspar, Walker worked at Honeywell, Inc., a global conglomerate of commercial and consumer products, for 20 years in progressively increasing roles of responsibility. Her last role at Honeywell was the director of global financial risk management. Ms. Walker currently serves on the board of directors of Southwire, a private industrial manufacturer of wire and cable, and Constellium, a publicly traded aluminum fabricator for automotive, aerospace, and packaging industries. Ms. Walker has extensive experience as a financial executive with broad knowledge of financial controls and systems; strategic planning expertise; a strong background in mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and strategic alliances; and active service on the audit committee of a public company and as audit committee chair of a private company.




							Paul Williams


					
							Mr. Paul S. Williams is Independent Director of Compass Minerals International Inc. Since 2005, he has been a Partner and Managing Director of Major, Lindsey & Africa, LLC, an executive recruiting firm, where he also serves as Director of Global Diversity Search, assisting legal organizations in enhancing their diversity. From April 2001 through April 2005, Mr. Williams served as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer & Corporate Secretary of Cardinal Health, Inc., a provider of products and services to healthcare providers and manufacturers. Mr. Williams is a well-respected leader in the area of diversity, frequently speaking on diversity-related issues. He currently serves as a director of Bob Evans Farms, Inc., an owner and operator of restaurants, and Essendant, Inc. (f/k/a United Stationers, Inc.), a national wholesale distributor of business products. Mr. Williams has comprehensive legal and regulatory executive management experience in large, publicly-traded international companies, including in risk management; a strong background in human resources and talent development as well as compensation practices; significant expertise in strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions; and substantial diversity and inclusion leadership skills.




							Amy Yoder


					
							Ms. Amy J. Yoder is Independent Director of Compass Minerals International Inc. since May 21, 2012. Ms. Yoder is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Anuvia Plant Nutrients, an enhanced efficiency fertilizer company. Prior to joining Anuvia in 2015, Ms. Yoder served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Arysta LifeScience North America, LLC, a division of the world's largest privately held crop protection and life science company from 2010 to 2015. Prior to joining Arysta in 2010, Ms. Yoder's experience included positions as a senior advisor to Atlas Advisors, LLC; President of the United Industries division of Spectrum Brands, Inc; Vice President and General Manager for Biolab of Chemtura, Inc; Vice President of the turf and specialty division of Nufarm Ltd; President of the UAPTimberland division of United Agri Products; and North American brand manager, national sales manager and local market manager at Monsanto.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Francis Malecha

3,185,320




							James Standen

--




							Diana Toman

971,696




							Steve Berger

979,126




							Brad Griffith

--




							Anthony Sepich

--




							John Craft

415,967




							Richard Grant

202,500




							David D'Antoni

177,500




							Valdemar Fischer

--




							Eric Ford

177,500




							Allan Rothwell

179,258




							Lori Walker

185,742




							Paul Williams

185,000




							Amy Yoder

172,500



As Of 
30 Dec 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Francis Malecha

0
0




							James Standen

0
0




							Diana Toman

0
0




							Steve Berger

0
0




							Brad Griffith

0
0




							Anthony Sepich

0
0




							John Craft

0
0




							Richard Grant

0
0




							David D'Antoni

0
0




							Valdemar Fischer

0
0




							Eric Ford

0
0




							Allan Rothwell

0
0




							Lori Walker

0
0




							Paul Williams

0
0




							Amy Yoder

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Rothwell (Allan R)
325
$0.00


Grant (Richard S)
325
$0.00


Fischer (Valdemar L.)
326
$0.00


Ford (Eric)
325
$0.00


Williams (Paul S)
325
$0.00


Walker (Lori A)
326
$0.00


Yoder (Amy J)
325
$0.00


DAntoni (David J)
661
$0.00


Williams (Paul S)
101
$0.00


Grant (Richard S)
183
$0.00


Ford (Eric)
31
$0.00


Rothwell (Allan R)
137
$0.00


Walker (Lori A)
23
$0.00


DAntoni (David J)
368
$0.00


Fischer (Valdemar L.)
2
$0.00


Yoder (Amy J)
63
$0.00


Grant (Richard S)
314
$0.00


Rothwell (Allan R)
313
$0.00


Ford (Eric)
314
$0.00


Williams (Paul S)
313
$0.00


DAntoni (David J)
654
$0.00


Yoder (Amy J)
313
$0.00


Fischer (Valdemar L.)
205
$0.00


Walker (Lori A)
313
$0.00


Williams (Paul S)
90
$0.00




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataBasic MaterialsAgricultural Chemicals



























Compass Minerals | Salt - Plant Nutrients - Magnesium Chloride




















































 

















X








X








            X
          







A GLOBAL PRESENCE
We have amplified our global presence with the complete acquisition of Produquímica, Brazil’s leading manufacturer of specialty plant nutrients.

                    Read Story                  





OUR CORE PURPOSE
Our business is essential minerals, but our purpose is to help keep people safe, feed the world and enrich lives every day.

                    Watch Video                  





WORKING AT COMPASS MINERALS
At Compass Minerals, our teams are dedicated to meaningful, exciting and challenging work. Our employees are encouraged to do something essential, every day.

                    Watch Video                  





A TRANSFORMATIVE YEAR 
Compass Minerals releases 2016 Annual Report













THROUGH THE RESPONSIBLE TRANSFORMATION OF THE EARTH’S NATURAL RESOURCES, WE HELP KEEP PEOPLE SAFE, FEED THE WORLD AND ENRICH LIVES EVERYDAY.





BROWSE
            INVESTMENT RESOURCES



















May 3, 2017
Compass Minerals Reports First Quarter Earnings










April 25, 2017
Compass Minerals Announces Departure of Chief Financial Officer










April 12, 2017
Diana Toman Named to Ingram’s 2017 Class of 40 Under Forty










March 28, 2017
Compass Minerals Names Patrick D. Linehan Chief Financial Officer
















Compass Minerals - Wikipedia






















 






Compass Minerals

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (January 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Compass Minerals International, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CMP
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Mining


Founded
2001 in present form, some parts go back to 1844


Headquarters
Overland Park, Kansas, United States



Key people

Fran Malecha (CEO)


Products
salt, sulfate of potash


Revenue
> $US 942 million annually (2012)



Number of employees

1,778 (at the end of 2012)


Website
www.compassminerals.com


Compass Minerals International, Inc is a United States listed public company that, through its subsidiaries, is a leading producer of minerals, including salt, magnesium chloride, sulfate of potash and other plant nutrition products. Based in Kansas City, the company provides bulk treated and untreated highway deicing salt to customers in North America and the United Kingdom and plant nutrition products to growers worldwide. Compass Minerals also produces consumer deicing and water conditioning products, consumer and commercial culinary salt, and other mineral-based products for consumer, agricultural, and industrial applications. In addition, Compass Minerals provides records management services to businesses throughout the United Kingdom.



Contents


1 Ranks
2 Production methods and facilities

2.1 Underground salt mining
2.2 Mechanical evaporation
2.3 Solar evaporation


3 Business segments
4 See also
5 References



Ranks[edit]
Compass Minerals is the biggest:

Salt producer in North America and the United Kingdom
Sulfate of potash specialty fertilizer producer in the Western Hemisphere
Magnesium chloride deicing/de-dusting producer in North America[1]

In 2012, Compass Minerals had total sales of $942 million and ended the year with market capitalization of just $2.5 billion. The company is part of the S&P MidCap 400 Index, the Russell 1000 Index and was included in Fortune magazine’s 2010 listing of the “100 Fastest-Growing Companies.”[2] Though the company’s history stretches back as far as 1844, Compass Minerals became a public company following its initial public offering in December 2003.[3]
Production methods and facilities[edit]
Underground salt mining[edit]
Underground salt mining produces rock salt using both drill-and-blast and continuous mining techniques in deep deposits. Compass Minerals is the largest rock salt producer in North America and the U.K. It operates underground salt mines at Goderich, Ontario, the largest salt mine in the world with an annual capacity of 9 million tons; Cote Blanche, Louisiana, with annual capacity of 3.4 million tons; and Winsford, Cheshire, United Kingdom, with annual capacity of 1.5 million tons.[citation needed]
Mechanical evaporation[edit]
Mechanical evaporation uses high-efficiency vacuum processes to produce high-purity, fine- and coarse-grained salt products for commercial, agricultural, and industrial applications. Compass Minerals is a leading producer of mechanically evaporated salt in North America. It operates mechanical evaporation salt facilities in Lyons, Kansas (annual capacity 450,000 tons), Unity, Saskatchewan (160,000 tons); Goderich, Ontario (130,000 tons); and Amherst, Nova Scotia (130,000 tons). Compass Minerals also operates an SOP evaporation facility at Wynyard, Saskatchewan, with annual capacity of 40,000 tons. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Solar evaporation[edit]
Solar evaporation is the oldest and most energy-efficient method of mineral production. At the Great Salt Lake near Ogden, Utah, Compass Minerals draws naturally occurring brine out of the lake into shallow ponds and allows solar evaporation to produce salt, sulfate of potash (SOP) and magnesium chloride. Its SOP plant at the Great Salt Lake is the largest in North America and one of only three SOP brine solar evaporation operations in the world. Annual capacity is 350,000 tons of SOP, 1.5 million tons of salt, and 750,000 tons of magnesium chloride. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Business segments[edit]
Compass Minerals operates two business segments, Salt and Plant Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ Salt Segment mines, produces, processes and distributes sodium chloride and magnesium chloride in North America and the U.K. The segment’s largest business is highway deicing, which primarily sells bulk rock salt to states, provinces, counties, municipalities and road maintenance contractors for ice control on public roadways. The highway deicing product line also includes flake and liquid magnesium chloride used for deicing and dust control; treated rock salt treated for deicing in very low temperatures; and rock salt for the chlor-alkali industry.
The salt segment also includes consumer and industrial product lines, which includes pure sodium chloride and blended products containing magnesium chloride, calcium chloride and potassium chloride for applications such as consumer and professional deicing, water conditioning, culinary salt, animal nutrition, swimming pool minerals, and industrial applications.
Compass Minerals’ Plant Nutrition Segment produces sulfate of potash fertilizer.
Compass Minerals also manufactures micronutrient and secondary plant nutrition products under the Wolf Trax brand. Wolf Trax products include DDP Nutrients and PROTINUS Seed Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ domestic sales of SOP are concentrated in the Western and Southeastern U.S. and exports to Latin America, Japan, Australia, and New Zealand.
See also[edit]

List of companies in the United States
List of S&P 400 companies
Sifto Canada - Canadian subsidiary of Compass Minerals
Winsford – home of Britain's largest rock salt mine, owned by Compass Minerals

References[edit]



^ Compass Minerals presentation to BMO 2011 Global Metals & Mining Conference, February 28, 2011 – slide 3
^ Compass Minerals 2012 10-K; 12/7/10 company press release; 8/19/10 company press release
^ Company website







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Compass_Minerals&oldid=766988923"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeMining companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Kansas2001 establishments in KansasHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from January 2017All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 23 February 2017, at 09:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.



























Compass Minerals | Salt - Plant Nutrients - Magnesium Chloride




















































 

















X








X








            X
          







A GLOBAL PRESENCE
We have amplified our global presence with the complete acquisition of Produquímica, Brazil’s leading manufacturer of specialty plant nutrients.

                    Read Story                  





OUR CORE PURPOSE
Our business is essential minerals, but our purpose is to help keep people safe, feed the world and enrich lives every day.

                    Watch Video                  





WORKING AT COMPASS MINERALS
At Compass Minerals, our teams are dedicated to meaningful, exciting and challenging work. Our employees are encouraged to do something essential, every day.

                    Watch Video                  





A TRANSFORMATIVE YEAR 
Compass Minerals releases 2016 Annual Report













THROUGH THE RESPONSIBLE TRANSFORMATION OF THE EARTH’S NATURAL RESOURCES, WE HELP KEEP PEOPLE SAFE, FEED THE WORLD AND ENRICH LIVES EVERYDAY.





BROWSE
            INVESTMENT RESOURCES



















May 3, 2017
Compass Minerals Reports First Quarter Earnings










April 25, 2017
Compass Minerals Announces Departure of Chief Financial Officer










April 12, 2017
Diana Toman Named to Ingram’s 2017 Class of 40 Under Forty










March 28, 2017
Compass Minerals Names Patrick D. Linehan Chief Financial Officer
















Compass Minerals - Wikipedia






















 






Compass Minerals

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (January 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Compass Minerals International, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CMP
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Mining


Founded
2001 in present form, some parts go back to 1844


Headquarters
Overland Park, Kansas, United States



Key people

Fran Malecha (CEO)


Products
salt, sulfate of potash


Revenue
> $US 942 million annually (2012)



Number of employees

1,778 (at the end of 2012)


Website
www.compassminerals.com


Compass Minerals International, Inc is a United States listed public company that, through its subsidiaries, is a leading producer of minerals, including salt, magnesium chloride, sulfate of potash and other plant nutrition products. Based in Kansas City, the company provides bulk treated and untreated highway deicing salt to customers in North America and the United Kingdom and plant nutrition products to growers worldwide. Compass Minerals also produces consumer deicing and water conditioning products, consumer and commercial culinary salt, and other mineral-based products for consumer, agricultural, and industrial applications. In addition, Compass Minerals provides records management services to businesses throughout the United Kingdom.



Contents


1 Ranks
2 Production methods and facilities

2.1 Underground salt mining
2.2 Mechanical evaporation
2.3 Solar evaporation


3 Business segments
4 See also
5 References



Ranks[edit]
Compass Minerals is the biggest:

Salt producer in North America and the United Kingdom
Sulfate of potash specialty fertilizer producer in the Western Hemisphere
Magnesium chloride deicing/de-dusting producer in North America[1]

In 2012, Compass Minerals had total sales of $942 million and ended the year with market capitalization of just $2.5 billion. The company is part of the S&P MidCap 400 Index, the Russell 1000 Index and was included in Fortune magazine’s 2010 listing of the “100 Fastest-Growing Companies.”[2] Though the company’s history stretches back as far as 1844, Compass Minerals became a public company following its initial public offering in December 2003.[3]
Production methods and facilities[edit]
Underground salt mining[edit]
Underground salt mining produces rock salt using both drill-and-blast and continuous mining techniques in deep deposits. Compass Minerals is the largest rock salt producer in North America and the U.K. It operates underground salt mines at Goderich, Ontario, the largest salt mine in the world with an annual capacity of 9 million tons; Cote Blanche, Louisiana, with annual capacity of 3.4 million tons; and Winsford, Cheshire, United Kingdom, with annual capacity of 1.5 million tons.[citation needed]
Mechanical evaporation[edit]
Mechanical evaporation uses high-efficiency vacuum processes to produce high-purity, fine- and coarse-grained salt products for commercial, agricultural, and industrial applications. Compass Minerals is a leading producer of mechanically evaporated salt in North America. It operates mechanical evaporation salt facilities in Lyons, Kansas (annual capacity 450,000 tons), Unity, Saskatchewan (160,000 tons); Goderich, Ontario (130,000 tons); and Amherst, Nova Scotia (130,000 tons). Compass Minerals also operates an SOP evaporation facility at Wynyard, Saskatchewan, with annual capacity of 40,000 tons. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Solar evaporation[edit]
Solar evaporation is the oldest and most energy-efficient method of mineral production. At the Great Salt Lake near Ogden, Utah, Compass Minerals draws naturally occurring brine out of the lake into shallow ponds and allows solar evaporation to produce salt, sulfate of potash (SOP) and magnesium chloride. Its SOP plant at the Great Salt Lake is the largest in North America and one of only three SOP brine solar evaporation operations in the world. Annual capacity is 350,000 tons of SOP, 1.5 million tons of salt, and 750,000 tons of magnesium chloride. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Business segments[edit]
Compass Minerals operates two business segments, Salt and Plant Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ Salt Segment mines, produces, processes and distributes sodium chloride and magnesium chloride in North America and the U.K. The segment’s largest business is highway deicing, which primarily sells bulk rock salt to states, provinces, counties, municipalities and road maintenance contractors for ice control on public roadways. The highway deicing product line also includes flake and liquid magnesium chloride used for deicing and dust control; treated rock salt treated for deicing in very low temperatures; and rock salt for the chlor-alkali industry.
The salt segment also includes consumer and industrial product lines, which includes pure sodium chloride and blended products containing magnesium chloride, calcium chloride and potassium chloride for applications such as consumer and professional deicing, water conditioning, culinary salt, animal nutrition, swimming pool minerals, and industrial applications.
Compass Minerals’ Plant Nutrition Segment produces sulfate of potash fertilizer.
Compass Minerals also manufactures micronutrient and secondary plant nutrition products under the Wolf Trax brand. Wolf Trax products include DDP Nutrients and PROTINUS Seed Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ domestic sales of SOP are concentrated in the Western and Southeastern U.S. and exports to Latin America, Japan, Australia, and New Zealand.
See also[edit]

List of companies in the United States
List of S&P 400 companies
Sifto Canada - Canadian subsidiary of Compass Minerals
Winsford – home of Britain's largest rock salt mine, owned by Compass Minerals

References[edit]



^ Compass Minerals presentation to BMO 2011 Global Metals & Mining Conference, February 28, 2011 – slide 3
^ Compass Minerals 2012 10-K; 12/7/10 company press release; 8/19/10 company press release
^ Company website







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Compass_Minerals&oldid=766988923"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeMining companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Kansas2001 establishments in KansasHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from January 2017All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 23 February 2017, at 09:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












Compass Minerals - Wikipedia






















 






Compass Minerals

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (January 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Compass Minerals International, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CMP
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Mining


Founded
2001 in present form, some parts go back to 1844


Headquarters
Overland Park, Kansas, United States



Key people

Fran Malecha (CEO)


Products
salt, sulfate of potash


Revenue
> $US 942 million annually (2012)



Number of employees

1,778 (at the end of 2012)


Website
www.compassminerals.com


Compass Minerals International, Inc is a United States listed public company that, through its subsidiaries, is a leading producer of minerals, including salt, magnesium chloride, sulfate of potash and other plant nutrition products. Based in Kansas City, the company provides bulk treated and untreated highway deicing salt to customers in North America and the United Kingdom and plant nutrition products to growers worldwide. Compass Minerals also produces consumer deicing and water conditioning products, consumer and commercial culinary salt, and other mineral-based products for consumer, agricultural, and industrial applications. In addition, Compass Minerals provides records management services to businesses throughout the United Kingdom.



Contents


1 Ranks
2 Production methods and facilities

2.1 Underground salt mining
2.2 Mechanical evaporation
2.3 Solar evaporation


3 Business segments
4 See also
5 References



Ranks[edit]
Compass Minerals is the biggest:

Salt producer in North America and the United Kingdom
Sulfate of potash specialty fertilizer producer in the Western Hemisphere
Magnesium chloride deicing/de-dusting producer in North America[1]

In 2012, Compass Minerals had total sales of $942 million and ended the year with market capitalization of just $2.5 billion. The company is part of the S&P MidCap 400 Index, the Russell 1000 Index and was included in Fortune magazine’s 2010 listing of the “100 Fastest-Growing Companies.”[2] Though the company’s history stretches back as far as 1844, Compass Minerals became a public company following its initial public offering in December 2003.[3]
Production methods and facilities[edit]
Underground salt mining[edit]
Underground salt mining produces rock salt using both drill-and-blast and continuous mining techniques in deep deposits. Compass Minerals is the largest rock salt producer in North America and the U.K. It operates underground salt mines at Goderich, Ontario, the largest salt mine in the world with an annual capacity of 9 million tons; Cote Blanche, Louisiana, with annual capacity of 3.4 million tons; and Winsford, Cheshire, United Kingdom, with annual capacity of 1.5 million tons.[citation needed]
Mechanical evaporation[edit]
Mechanical evaporation uses high-efficiency vacuum processes to produce high-purity, fine- and coarse-grained salt products for commercial, agricultural, and industrial applications. Compass Minerals is a leading producer of mechanically evaporated salt in North America. It operates mechanical evaporation salt facilities in Lyons, Kansas (annual capacity 450,000 tons), Unity, Saskatchewan (160,000 tons); Goderich, Ontario (130,000 tons); and Amherst, Nova Scotia (130,000 tons). Compass Minerals also operates an SOP evaporation facility at Wynyard, Saskatchewan, with annual capacity of 40,000 tons. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Solar evaporation[edit]
Solar evaporation is the oldest and most energy-efficient method of mineral production. At the Great Salt Lake near Ogden, Utah, Compass Minerals draws naturally occurring brine out of the lake into shallow ponds and allows solar evaporation to produce salt, sulfate of potash (SOP) and magnesium chloride. Its SOP plant at the Great Salt Lake is the largest in North America and one of only three SOP brine solar evaporation operations in the world. Annual capacity is 350,000 tons of SOP, 1.5 million tons of salt, and 750,000 tons of magnesium chloride. (Source: Compass Minerals 2012 Annual Report)
Business segments[edit]
Compass Minerals operates two business segments, Salt and Plant Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ Salt Segment mines, produces, processes and distributes sodium chloride and magnesium chloride in North America and the U.K. The segment’s largest business is highway deicing, which primarily sells bulk rock salt to states, provinces, counties, municipalities and road maintenance contractors for ice control on public roadways. The highway deicing product line also includes flake and liquid magnesium chloride used for deicing and dust control; treated rock salt treated for deicing in very low temperatures; and rock salt for the chlor-alkali industry.
The salt segment also includes consumer and industrial product lines, which includes pure sodium chloride and blended products containing magnesium chloride, calcium chloride and potassium chloride for applications such as consumer and professional deicing, water conditioning, culinary salt, animal nutrition, swimming pool minerals, and industrial applications.
Compass Minerals’ Plant Nutrition Segment produces sulfate of potash fertilizer.
Compass Minerals also manufactures micronutrient and secondary plant nutrition products under the Wolf Trax brand. Wolf Trax products include DDP Nutrients and PROTINUS Seed Nutrition.
Compass Minerals’ domestic sales of SOP are concentrated in the Western and Southeastern U.S. and exports to Latin America, Japan, Australia, and New Zealand.
See also[edit]

List of companies in the United States
List of S&P 400 companies
Sifto Canada - Canadian subsidiary of Compass Minerals
Winsford – home of Britain's largest rock salt mine, owned by Compass Minerals

References[edit]



^ Compass Minerals presentation to BMO 2011 Global Metals & Mining Conference, February 28, 2011 – slide 3
^ Compass Minerals 2012 10-K; 12/7/10 company press release; 8/19/10 company press release
^ Company website







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Compass_Minerals&oldid=766988923"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeMining companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Kansas2001 establishments in KansasHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from January 2017All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 23 February 2017, at 09:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
