Compass Diversified Holdings: NYSE:CODI quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceCompass Diversified Holdings(NYSE:CODI)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Compass Diversified Holdings  (Public, NYSE:CODI)  
Watch this stock
 




















17.40


0.00
(0.00%)





Jul 27 - Close


NYSE
real-time data -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

17.30 - 17.50



52 week

15.90 - 19.50



Open

17.40



Vol / Avg.

0.00/158,546.00



Mkt cap

1.04B



P/E

107.93



Div/yield

0.36/8.28



EPS

0.16



Shares

59.90M



Beta

0.57



Inst. own

36%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Compass Diversified Holdings »

Subscribe






Advertisement




Events




Add CODI to my calendars





Aug 3, 2017
Q2 2017 Compass Diversified Holdings Earnings Call
- 9:00AM EDT -






Aug 2, 2017
Q2 2017 Compass Diversified Holdings Earnings Release
- 4:00PM EDT -






Jun 15, 2017
Compass Diversified Holdings Investor Day -






May 24, 2017
Compass Diversified Holdings Annual Shareholders Meeting



May 18, 2017
Compass Diversified Holdings at Houlihan Lokey Global Industrials Conference



May 4, 2017
Q1 2017 Compass Diversified Holdings Earnings Call -






May 3, 2017
Q1 2017 Compass Diversified Holdings Earnings Release





More events from DailyFinance » 
  



Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Mar '17)
2016


Net profit margin
-7.41%
5.49%

Operating margin
-3.94%
1.95%

EBITD margin
-
10.86%

Return on average assets
-4.97%
3.36%

Return on average equity
-17.55%
2.99%

Employees
2,065
-

CDP Score
-

-


Screen stocks with similar metrics »

Address
301 Riverside AveWESTPORT, CT 06880-4806United States
- Map+1-203-2211703 (Phone)

Website links


http://ir.compassequity.com/



External links

Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch
SEC Filings - EDGAR Online
Major Holders - MSN Money
Research Reports - Reuters















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view



Volume delayed by 15 mins.Prices are not from all markets.

Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel







Sector: Financials > Industry: Investment Trusts

More from FactSet »










Description




Compass Diversified Holdings (the Trust) and Compass Group Diversified Holdings, LLC, (the Company), acquires and manages small and middle-market businesses. The Company operates through segments include Acquisition Corp. (5.11 Tactical), The Ergo Baby Carrier, Inc. (Ergobaby), Liberty Safe and Security Products, Inc. (Liberty), Fresh Hemp Foods Ltd. (Manitoba Harvest), Compass AC Holdings, Inc. (ACI), AMT Acquisition Corporation (Arnold), Clean Earth Holdings, Inc. (Clean Earth), and Sterno Products, LLC (Sterno) segments. The Company categorizes the businesses into separate groups of businesses, such as branded consumer businesses and niche industrial businesses. The Company also owns a non-controlling interest in Fox Factory Holding Corp. (FOX). Compass Group Management LLC, (CGM or the Manager), manages the day to day operations of the Company and oversees the management and operations of its businesses pursuant to a management services agreement (MSA).


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





C. Sean Day

Independent Chairman of the Board





Age: 67

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Alan B. Offenberg

Chief Executive Officer, Director





Age: 47

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Ryan J. Faulkingham

Chief Financial Officer





Age: 38

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

James J. Bottiglieri

Director





Age: 59

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Gordon M. Burns

Independent Director





Age: 63

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Harold S. Edwards

Independent Director





Age: 51

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

D. Eugene Ewing

Independent Director





Age: 68

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Mark H. Lazarus

Independent Director





Age: 53

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service









Sterno Products | The Compass Group











 



Our Companies
Sterno Products









“I’ve been an Executive working with private equity firms for two decades and I can tell you this: everything starts with culture in a company. Culture is everything. At Compass, even the ‘behind the scenes’ support people are good people. There are no big egos, no sharp elbows at Compass.”
— Don Hinshaw, CEO, Sterno Products

In October 2014, Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI) and its subsidiaries acquired a majority interest in Sterno Products, Inc. (“Sterno Products”).
Based in Corona, CA, Sterno Products is the leading manufacturer and marketer of portable food warming fuel and creative table lighting solutions for the foodservice industry. Sterno Products’ product line includes wick and gel chafing fuels, butane stoves and accessories, liquid and traditional wax candles, catering equipment and lamps. For over 100 years, the iconic “Sterno” brand has been synonymous with quality, canned heat. The heritage of reliability and innovation continues today, as Sterno Products continues to bring to market new products that give foodservice industry professionals greater control over food quality and décor.
To learn more about Sterno Products, please visit http://www.sterno.com.
« Back To Index






















The Compass Group | Partnering with management to build leading companies














 


   “5.11 Tactical serves a wide range of global customers including law enforcement, first responders, military personnel as well as the tactical consumer market. The company's motto is ALWAYS BE READY®, and is the guiding principle behind 5.11 Tactical’s drive to continually innovate new purpose-built gear for the most demanding missions.  ” — 5.11 Tactical LEARN MORE     “At Compass, they understand day-to-day operations. When good things happen, they say, 'great work!' When bad things happen, they say, 'how can we help?'” — Chris Dods, CEO, Clean Earth LEARN MORE     “Many private equity firms look to make cuts in spending to beef up the quarterly earnings of the portfolio companies. One of the things I like about The Compass Group is that they really look to invest in long-term growth. This is good business and great for employee morale.” — Margaret Hardin, CEO, ERGObaby LEARN MORE     “I’ve been an Executive working with private equity firms for two decades and I can tell you this: everything starts with culture in a company. Culture is everything. At Compass, even the ‘behind the scenes’ support people are good people. There are no big egos, no sharp elbows at Compass.” — Don Hinshaw, CEO, Sterno Products LEARN MORE     “Crosman is the world’s leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of airguns, archery products, optics and related accessories. The company’s diversified product portfolio includes the widely known Crosman, Benjamin and CenterPoint brands.” — Crosman LEARN MORE     “Advanced Circuits has been with The Compass Group the longest of any company. In the ten years that we have been with them, they’ve never said, 'you’ve got to do this'. They are true partners.” — John Yacoub, CEO, Advanced Circuits LEARN MORE     “Our investment in marketing has given us the strongest brand in the industry, making us the #1 producer of safes in America. This allowed us to invest in new technology, and to double our output. We've grown from a $64 million company to over $100 million. None of this would have been possible without Compass.” — Kim Waddoups, CEO, Liberty Safe LEARN MORE     “Arnold is a leading global manufacturer of engineered magnetic solutions with more than 2,000 clients worldwide. We design and manufacture solutions for a wide range of specialty applications and end-markets, including energy, medical, aerospace and defense, oil and gas exploration, advertising, general industrial and automotive. 
” — Arnold Magnetic Technologies LEARN MORE     “The number one reason we decided to be acquired by Compass is we share a common vision — hemp is a unique, healthy food with nutritional benefits that many people have not yet discovered — and Compass is as passionate about our growth as we are.” — Mike Fata, Co-Founder, Manitoba Harvest LEARN MORE   




Previous






Next






Welcome to The Compass Group









The Most Important Question When Selling Your Business Isn’t How Much, But — To Whom ?














Selling a business isn’t only about the bottom line.
After all, what is a business without the people who helped build it? That’s why at The Compass Group before we acquire any business we do much more than just look at the financials and perform our business due diligence.
We meet with the management team to see if the chemistry is right, because when all is said and done — we’re going to be partners. Sure we have the financial wherewithal to acquire the most unique niche market leaders in both industrial and branded consumer sectors.
But, we have much more than that: a long-term approach and commitment to working with the people who helped build your business.





Latest from The Compass Group News & Events


Go to News & Events 











Tuesday, December 15 2015
Compass Diversified Holdings Subsidiary, Manitoba Harvest, Acquires Hemp Oil Canada




Wednesday, November 4 2015
Compass Diversified Holdings Reports Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results




Wednesday, October 21 2015
Compass Diversified Holdings Announces Third Quarter 2015 Earnings and Conference Call Information






Wednesday, October 7, 2015
Compass Diversified Holdings Declares Third Quarter 2015 Distribution of $0.36 Per Share




Tuesday, October 6, 2015
Compass Diversified Holdings Announces Sale of American Furniture Manufacturing, Inc.




Wednesday, August 5, 2015
Compass Diversified Holdings Reports Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results
























(CODI) Shares Trading unchanged at $17.30 Compass Diversified Holdings Subsidiary,... - Highlight Press

























































Highlight PressBreaking Tech News, Entertainment, Mortgages and More
(CODI) Shares Trading unchanged at $17.30 Compass Diversified Holdings Subsidiary,…
July 20, 2017 By Clarence Martin Tweet        Advertisement





Compass Diversified Holdings Sh (NYSE:CODI):
Compass Diversified Holdings Subsidiary, Crosman, Acquires Commercial Business of LaserMax. 
 The company is trading unchanged by 0.00% since yesterday’s close of $17.3. 
 The company recently declared a dividend for shareholders to be paid on Thursday the 27th of July 2017.  The dividend payment will be $0.360 per share for the quarter which is $1.44 annualized.  This dividend amount will represent a yeild of $8.14.  The ex-dividend date will be on Tuesday July 18th, 2017. 
 Compass Diversified Holdings (the Trust), launched on November 18, 2005, and Compass Group Diversified Holdings, LLC, (the Company), acquires and manages small and middle-market businesses. The Business’s segments include Acquisition Corp. (5.11 Tactical), The Ergo Baby Carrier, Inc. (Ergobaby), Liberty Safe and Security Products, Inc. (Liberty), Fresh Hemp Foods Ltd. (Manitoba Harvest), Compass AC Holdings, Inc. (ACI), AMT Acquisition Corporation (Arnold), Clean Earth Holdings, Inc. (Clean Earth), and Sterno Products, LLC (Sterno). The Company also owns a non-controlling interest in Fox Factory Holding Corp. (FOX). Compass Group Management LLC, (CGM or the Manager), manages the day to day operations of the Company and oversees the management and operations of its businesses pursuant to a management services agreement (MSA).. 





 Company chares are trading at $17.30 a bit higher than the 50 day moving average which is $17.03 and which is marginally over the 200 day moving average of $16.91.  The 50 day moving average moved up $0.27 and the 200 day average went up $0.39 or +2.33%. 
 The company currently has a P/E ratio of 111.61 and the market cap is 1.04B.  In the last earnings report the EPS was $0.16 and is expected to be $1.55 for the current year with 59,900,000 shares presently outstanding.  Next quarter’s EPS is forecasted to be $0.45 with next year’s EPS projected to be $1.72. 
 Several Wall Street investment firms have issued ratings on Compass Diversified Holdings Sh.   Equity analyst SunTrust Robinson Humphrey added the stock to its research portfolio giving it an initial rating of “Buy”. Janney Capital began coverage with an initial rating of “Neutral”.
 On October 27, 2015 Janney Capital started covering CODI by announcing an initial rating of “Neutral”. On August 25 analysts at Bank of America released its first research report on the stock setting a rating of “Buy” and establishing a price target of $18.00.
 On July 1 analysts at Jefferies started covering the stock with a rating of “Buy” and projecting a price target of $21.00. On June 30, 2015 Jefferies issued its first research report on the stock giving it an initial rating of “Buy” and a price target of $21.00.






         Advertisement






         Advertisement






 

Mortgage Rate Updates
Thursday’s Rates for Home Mortgages at Citizens, Suntrust Jul 27, 2017 … [Read More...]Mortgage Rate Summary for Chase Bank, HSBC Jul 27, 2017Chase BankThe benchmark 30 year FRMs start at 3.750% at Chase Bank (NYSE:JPM) and APR of … [Read More...]PNC Bank, Bank of America: Today’s  Mortgage Rates  Jul 27, 2017 … [Read More...]Home Loans: Quicken, TD Bank  Mortgage Rates Jul 27, 2017Quicken LoansThe benchmark 30 year fixed rate loan interest rates are published at 3.125% at … [Read More...]
Sports
Lonzo Ball’s Latest Footwear Has Well and Truly FloppedHere’s a question – would all the social media hype and celebrity endorsements in the world encourage you to spend $500 on a pair of basketball … [Read More...]Super Bowl Winners to Pocket $107,000 Per Player – Tax-Free!It’s long been known that the tax returns of professional athletes are just about as complex as it gets. This is because not only do they have to pay … [Read More...]
Top News
Business
Technology
Sports
Entertainment
Life
Mortgages
Also In the News…

About Us
Writers
Advertise With Us
Contact Us

 Reuters: Technology News
Xiaomi gains new $1 billion loan to drive retail push, expansion overseasAmazon plows ahead with high sales and spending; profit plungesChina's Baidu profit jumps as focus on mobile, AI narrows

 Highlight Press is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.







Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:51 AM ET
Diversified Financial Services

Company Overview of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC The company was incorporated in 2005 and is based in Westport, Connecticut.


61 Wilton Road2nd FloorWestport, CT 06880United StatesFounded in 2005



Phone: 203-221-1703

Fax: 302-655-5049








Key Executives for Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC




Mr. Alan B. Offenberg


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 49
        







Mr. Ryan J. Faulkingham CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Co-Compliance Officer
      


Age: 40
        







Ms. Carrie W. Ryan J.D.


      	Secretary
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC Key Developments

Compass Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Annual General Meeting, May 24, 2017
Apr 12 17
Compass Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Annual General Meeting, May 24, 2017, at 09:00 US Eastern Standard Time. Location: principal executive offices located at, 301 Riverside Avenue Second Floor Westport, CT 06880 United States Agenda: To elect two directors to the Company's board of directors, each to serve for a three-year term; to conduct an advisory vote on executive compensation; to conduct an advisory vote on whether the shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation should occur every one, two or three years; to vote on a proposal to ratify the selection of Grant Thornton LLP to serve as the independent auditor for Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017; and to transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting.


Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC announced delayed annual 10-K filing
Mar 2 17
On 03/02/2017, Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-K by the deadline required by the SEC.


Compass Diversified Holdings Names Sally McCoy to the Board of Directors of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC
Jan 9 17
Compass Diversified Holdings announced that Sally McCoy has been appointed to the board of directors of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, effective January 6, 2017. Ms.  McCoy has over 30 years of experience in the specialty outdoor and active lifestyle industry. She previously served as CEO of CamelBak Products, LLC, including during such time as CamelBak was a CODI subsidiary.  Prior to joining CamelBak, McCoy was a co-founder of Silver Steep Partners.  Before Silver Steep, McCoy served as president of Sierra Designs and Ultimate Direction and as vice president at The North Face. She is also a founding member of the Conservation Alliance and Outdoor Industry Association.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1199 S.E.I.U. Federal Credit Union United States 121 Financial Credit Union United States 123 LumpSum Holdings, LLC United States 12five Capital, LLC United States 167th TFR Federal Credit Union United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI.K)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI.K)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsInvestment Trusts












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				CODI.K on New York Consolidated


				17.40USD
27 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$17.40


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

160,463




52-wk High

$19.50


52-wk Low

$15.90












					Full Description



Compass Diversified Holdings (the Trust), incorporated on November 18, 2005, and Compass Group Diversified Holdings, LLC, (the Company), acquires and manages small and middle-market businesses. The Company's segments include Acquisition Corp. (5.11 Tactical), The Ergo Baby Carrier, Inc. (Ergobaby), Liberty Safe and Security Products, Inc. (Liberty), Fresh Hemp Foods Ltd. (Manitoba Harvest), Compass AC Holdings, Inc. (ACI), AMT Acquisition Corporation (Arnold), Clean Earth Holdings, Inc. (Clean Earth), and Sterno Products, LLC (Sterno). The Company also owns a non-controlling interest in Fox Factory Holding Corp. (FOX). Compass Group Management LLC, (CGM or the Manager), manages the day to day operations of the Company and oversees the management and operations of its businesses pursuant to a management services agreement (MSA).Acquisition CorpABR Corp. is a provider of purpose-built tactical apparel and gear for law enforcement, firefighters and military special operations, as well as outdoor and adventure enthusiasts. 5.11 is a brand known for innovation and authenticity, and works directly with end users to create purpose-built apparel and gear designed for the safety, accuracy, speed and performance. 5.11 products are distributed in uniform stores, military exchanges, outdoor retail stores, its own retail stores and on 511tactical.com.ErgobabyErgobaby is a designer, marketer and distributor of wearable baby carriers and accessories, blankets and swaddlers, nursing pillows and related products. Ergobaby offers a range of baby carriers, strollers, car seats, swaddlers, nursing pillows, and related products. Ergobaby has two main product lines: baby carriers (baby carriers and accessories) and infant travel systems (strollers and accessories).Liberty SafeLiberty Safe or Liberty is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of home, office and gun safes in North America. As of December 31, 2016, it had over 314,000 square foot manufacturing facility, Liberty Safe produces a range of home, office and gun safe models in an assortment of sizes, features and styles ranging from an entry level product to good, better and best products. Its products are marketed under the Liberty Safe brand, as well as a portfolio of licensed and private label brands, including Cabela's, Case IH, and John Deere. Liberty Safe also sells commercial safes, vault doors and handgun vaults.Manitoba HarvestManitoba Harvest is engaged in the manufacture and distribution of branded, hemp-based food products. As of December 31, 2016, its products include Hemp Hearts, Hemp Heart Bites, Hemp Heart Bars and Hemp protein powders, are carried in over 7,000 retail stores across the United States and Canada.Advanced CircuitsACI is a provider of small-run, quick-turn and production rigid printed circuit boards (PCBs) in the United States. Advanced Circuits uses brand names, such as FreeDFM.com, 4pcb.com, 4PCB.com, 33each.com, barebonespcb.com and Advanced Circuits.ArnoldArnold is a manufacturer of engineered, application specific permanent magnets. Arnold Magnetics products are used in applications, such as general industrial, reprographic systems, aerospace and defense, advertising and promotional, consumer and appliance, energy, automotive and medical technology. Arnold Magnetics is the manufacturer of engineered magnets, as well as domestic producer to design, engineer and manufacture rare earth magnetic solutions. Arnold markets magnets under the brand names of RECOMA, PLASTIFORM, FLEXMAG and ARNOLD.Clean EarthClean Earth is a provider of environmental services for a range of contaminated materials, including soils, dredged material, hazardous waste and drill cuttings. Clean Earth analyzes, treats, documents and recycles waste streams generated in multiple end markets, such as power, construction, oil and gas, medical, infrastructure, industrial and dredging. Treatment includes thermal desorption, dredged material stabilization, bioremediation, physical treatment/screening and chemical fixation. As of December 31, 2016, Clean Earth operated in 18 permitted facilities in the Eastern United States.Sterno ProductsSterno Products is a manufacturer and marketer of portable food warming fuel and creative table lighting solutions for the foodservice industry. Sterno Products offers a range of wick and gel chafing fuels, butane stoves and accessories, liquid wax, traditional wax and flameless candles, catering equipment and lamps. Sterno's products are sold through the foodservice and consumer retail channels.The Company competes with TTM Technologies, Inc., Viasystems Group, Inc., Thomas & Skinner, Magnum Magnetics, Electron Energy, Vacuumschmelze Gruner, Baby Bjorn, Chicco, Britax, Manduca, Beco, Boba, Tula and LilleBaby.

» Full Overview of CODI.K







					Company Address



Compass Diversified Holdings
301 Riverside AveWESTPORT   CT   06880-4806
P: +1203.2211703







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 C. Sean Day

--




							 Alan Offenberg

--




							 Ryan Faulkingham

694,494




							 James Bottiglieri

761,526




							 Gordon Burns

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Compass Diversified Holdings News




BRIEF-Compass Diversified Holdings unit, Crosman, acquires commercial business of Lasermax

Jul 20 2017 
BRIEF-Compass Diversified Holdings announces pricing of $100 mln preferred share offering

Jun 19 2017 
BRIEF-Compass Diversified Holdings acquires Crosman Corporation

Jun 05 2017 
BRIEF-Compass Diversified Holdings qtrly net sales $290.0 mln

May 03 2017 
BRIEF-Compass Diversified Holdings subsidiary Clean Earth acquires Aerc Recycling Solutions

Mar 27 2017 


» More CODI.K  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsInvestment Trusts























Investor FAQs | The Compass Group





































 




 Compass Diversified Holdings (NYSE: CODI) 
Investor FAQs















 
Show all 

 Who is Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI)? 

	CODI is a publicly traded holding company (NYSE: CODI) that partners with management teams to acquire and manage North American middle market businesses. CODI is managed by Compass Group Management LLC, an active and highly successful acquirer and manager of middle market companies since 1998.
	 

 Is CODI a Business Development Corporation (BDC)? 

	No! Unlike business development companies, which are primarily passive lenders, CODI only participates in transactions as a control equity investor. Additionally, CODI’s structure is significantly different in that we operate as a holding company, not a registered investment company, without debt restrictions or dividend payout requirements.
	 

 Does Compass Diversified Holdings pay a distribution? 

	The Company's Board of Directors intends to declare and pay regular quarterly cash distributions.

 What types of transactions is CODI looking for? 

	Compass Diversified Holdings acquires controlling interests in North American companies with the following characteristics:
	i. Enterprise values between $75 mm and $500 mm;
	ii. Positive and stable operating cash flows of at least $10 mm per annum;
	iii. Leadership position in niche industrial and branded consumer industries;
	iv. Strong management teams, either currently in place or readily accessible.

 How many subsidiary (portfolio) companies does CODI have? 

	Our portfolio currently consists of eight majority-owned subsidiaries across a broad range of sub-sectors within niche industrial and branded consumer industries (recreational and consumer products, medical devices, safety & security, electronic components, food, foodservice, environmental services and highly engineered magnetic assemblies).

 How long does CODI typically own a business? 

	CODI has no specific preconceptions or requirements with regard to ownership period. We have found that imposition of such artificial time constraints frustrates management and leads to suboptimal performance for our companies. In general, we have found that a holding period of five to seven years is the most typical for our companies, but we have owned some for shorter periods and others for longer.
	 

 Is CODI a lender? 

	No. While CODI provides the entire capital structure for target transactions, we only pursue opportunities in which we can be the control equity investor.

 For general investor inquiries, please direct your inquiries to: 

	Leon Berman
	The IGB Group
	212-477-8438/212-477-8261
lberman@igbir.com/msteinberg@igbir.com

 How do I obtain information on Compass Diversified Holdings? 

	Information can be accessed directly through the Company's web site (http://www.compassdiversifiedholdings.com/). Annual 10-K reports, quarterly 10-Q reports, proxy statements and other filings with the SEC can be accessed directly through the Company web site or through the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov.

 Where is Compass Diversified Holdings' common stock traded and what is its stock symbol? 

	Compass Diversified Holdings' common stock trades on the NYSE under the symbol CODI.

 What is Compass Diversified Holdings' fiscal year end? 

	Compass Diversified Holdings operates on a fiscal year ending December 31st

 Where is Compass Diversified Holdings located? 

	Compass Diversified Holdings' principal executive offices are located at Sixty-One Wilton Road - Second Floor, Westport, CT 06880 United States of America

 How do I invest in Compass Diversified Holdings?  

	Interested investors may purchase shares through any registered broker.

 When will Compass Diversified Holdings issue its next quarterly earnings? 

	For information related to Compass Diversified Holdings' company earnings, please refer to the investor calendar within the IR section of the web site.

 Compass Diversified Holdings' independent auditor? 

	Compass Diversified Holdings' independent auditor is Grant Thornton LLP.

 Who is Compass Diversified Holdings' transfer agent? 

	Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions
	P.O. Box 1342
	Brentwood, NY 11717
	Website: www.shareholder.broadridge.com
	Email: shareholder@broadridge.com
	Toll-free Telephone: 866-321-8022

 Do you have another question that hasn't been answered?

Please submit your question using the form below.






* Indicates required field
Name*

Email*


Subject*

Comments*


Listen to audio version
Type in number*

Submit Comment









Investor Relations

Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Financials & Filings

SEC Filings
Annual Reports


Stock Information

Historic Stock Lookup
Investment Calculator
Dividend History
Analyst Coverage


Shareholder Tax Reporting

General Tax Information
2016 Tax Reporting Information


Investor FAQs
Fact Sheet (.PDF)
Corporate Governance

Board of Directors
Committee Composition
Contact the Board
Insider Transactions
Financial Concern Hotline


Contact Information








 
Briefcase
Briefcase
 
 
Printed Materials
Printed Materials
 
 
Email Alerts
Email Alerts
 
 
Downloads
Downloads
 
 
Snapshot
Snapshot
 

RSS
RSS
 
 
Print
Print
 

Share
Share
 

Search
Search



  

Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS



































 






						Shearlink Capital Has Raised Bright Horizons Fam Sol In D (BFAM) Stake; Compass Group Diversified Holdings (CODI)'s Sentiment Is 1.92 - Bibey Post								

























 























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Shearlink Capital Has Raised Bright Horizons Fam Sol In D (BFAM) Stake; Compass Group Diversified Holdings (CODI)’s Sentiment Is 1.92


					
						July 24, 2017 - By Peter Erickson

Shearlink Capital Llc increased Bright Horizons Fam Sol In D (BFAM) stake by 25.96% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Shearlink Capital Llc acquired 42,422 shares as Bright Horizons Fam Sol In D (BFAM)’s stock rose 9.89%. The Shearlink Capital Llc holds 205,806 shares with $14.41 million value, up from 163,384 last quarter. Bright Horizons Fam Sol In D now has $4.77B valuation. The stock rose 0.38% or $0.31 reaching $79.83 per share. About 89,033 shares traded. Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (NYSE:BFAM) has risen 18.19% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 1.49% the S&P500.







Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings, LLC, (the Company), acquires and manages small and middle-market businesses. The company has market cap of $1.04 billion. The Firm operates through divisions include Acquisition Corp. (5.11 Tactical), The Ergo Baby Carrier, Inc. (Ergobaby), Liberty Safe and Security Products, Inc. (Liberty), Fresh Hemp Foods Ltd. (Manitoba Harvest), Compass AC Holdings, Inc. (ACI), AMT Acquisition Corporation (Arnold), Clean Earth Holdings, Inc. (Clean Earth), and Sterno Products, LLC (Sterno) divisions. It has a 107.93 P/E ratio. The Firm categorizes the businesses into separate groups of businesses, such as branded consumer businesses and niche industrial businesses.
 About 86,911 shares traded. Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI) has risen 3.37% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 13.33% the S&P500.
Analysts await Compass Diversified Holdings (NYSE:CODI) to report earnings on August, 2. They expect $0.37 earnings per share, up 12.12% or $0.04 from last year’s $0.33 per share. CODI’s profit will be $22.11M for 11.76 P/E if the $0.37 EPS becomes a reality. After $-0.29 actual earnings per share reported by Compass Diversified Holdings for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -227.59% EPS growth. 
Essex Financial Services Inc. holds 2.18% of its portfolio in Compass Diversified Holdings for 567,826 shares. Gilman Hill Asset Management Llc owns 268,066 shares or 1.77% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Investment Counselors Of Maryland Llc has 1.01% invested in the company for 1.07 million shares. The New York-based Wellington Shields & Co. Llc has invested 0.46% in the stock. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc, a Virginia-based fund reported 100,000 shares.
Investors sentiment increased to 1.16 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.28, from 0.88 in 2016Q3. It improved, as 12 investors sold BFAM shares while 73 reduced holdings. 31 funds opened positions while 68 raised stakes. 57.43 million shares or 1.24% less from 58.16 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Blackrock Institutional Trust Na holds 0.01% of its portfolio in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (NYSE:BFAM) for 1.27 million shares. Sei Company holds 0.05% or 151,488 shares in its portfolio. Glenmede Trust Na reported 0% of its portfolio in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (NYSE:BFAM). Timessquare Mgmt Ltd Limited Liability Company reported 1.16% of its portfolio in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (NYSE:BFAM). Massmutual Fsb Adv owns 15,440 shares or 0% of their US portfolio. Tygh Inc holds 57,197 shares. First Tru Advsr Lp holds 0.01% or 44,919 shares. Next Group Inc holds 0% or 65 shares in its portfolio. Barclays Pcl holds 0.02% or 290,947 shares in its portfolio. Jpmorgan Chase And has 75,110 shares. Invesco Limited has 0.01% invested in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (NYSE:BFAM) for 220,723 shares. Sawgrass Asset Mngmt Ltd accumulated 7,830 shares. Barrett Asset Ltd Limited Liability Company owns 1,700 shares or 0.01% of their US portfolio. Ironbridge Mngmt Lp has 0.22% invested in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (NYSE:BFAM). Stephens Mngmt Group Lc owns 320,619 shares.
Among 7 analysts covering Bright Horizons (NYSE:BFAM), 4 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 3 Hold. Therefore 57% are positive. Bright Horizons had 13 analyst reports since August 5, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. RBC Capital Markets maintained Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (NYSE:BFAM) on Wednesday, August 5 with “Outperform” rating. The rating was reinitiated by Credit Suisse with “Outperform” on Wednesday, February 3. The firm earned “Market Weight” rating on Wednesday, November 2 by William Blair. The firm has “Outperform” rating by RBC Capital Markets given on Monday, November 9. William Blair downgraded the shares of BFAM in report on Friday, February 10 to “Market Perform” rating. As per Tuesday, February 9, the company rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets. Credit Suisse downgraded the shares of BFAM in report on Friday, May 12 to “Neutral” rating. The firm has “Overweight” rating by Barclays Capital given on Wednesday, November 25. The firm has “Overweight” rating by JP Morgan given on Monday, August 15.








By Peter Erickson
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Clear Harbor Asset Management Has Upped Its Intellicheck Mobilisa (IDN) Holding; 3 Bullish Analysts Covering Alimera Sciences (ALIM)


Winslow Evans & Crocker Has Trimmed Philip Morris Intl (PM) Position; JetBlue Airways (JBLU) Had 4 Bulls


$0.12 EPS Expected for Laredo Petroleum (LPI), Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Had 4 Bullish Analysts


Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) EPS Estimated At $1.91, Resonant (RESN) SI Increased By 7.09%


KCAP Financial (KCAP) EPS Estimated At $0.09; Cs Mckee LP Decreased American Express (AXP) Position By $3.12 Million


James Investment Research Decreased Government Properties Income (GOV) Holding, Dana Investment Advisors Has Lifted Manhattan Assocs (MANH) Holding


Analysts See $-0.15 EPS for Hydrogenics (USA) (HYGS), Fuller, Smith & Turner plc (LON:FSTA) Had 5 Bullish Analysts


Skylands Capital Trimmed Dennys (DENN) Position; Last Week Orion Engineered Carbons SA (OEC) Analysts


Analysts See $0.06 EPS for Halcon Resources (HK); Davidson Investment Advisors Has Upped Zoetis (ZTS) Stake By $485,533


Whittier Trust Co Of Nevada Lowered Its Mylan N V                   Shs Euro (MYL) Position, Rothschild Asset Management Upped Time Warner (TWX) Stake







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip






















 For Employers: Post a job
Jobsgalore.com is a leading vertical meta search engine for jobs that reaches a very large number of job searchers every month. To profit from our quality traffic and to have your job ads appear on jobsgalore.com, you can post your jobs through one of our partner sites. Please click on „Post a job“ to learn more.


Post Job
        







Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com




























what?



job title, keywords or company




where?



city, state or zip











        Find jobs from career sites, job boards and the web - all in one place!        
    






 Jobs by Position

Account Executive
Administrative Assistant
Controller
Customer Service
Graphic Designer
Maintenance Technician
Project Manager
Receptionist
Registered Nurse
Restaurant Manager
Retail Sales Associate
Sales Associate
Sales Representative
Software Engineer
Staff Accountant
Store Associate
Store Manager
Truck Driver





 Jobs by Location

New York, NY
Los Angeles, CA
Chicago, IL
Brooklyn, NY
Houston, TX
Philadelphia, PA
Manhattan, NY
Phoenix, AZ
The Bronx, NY
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA
Dallas, TX
San Jose, CA
Indianapolis, IN
Jacksonville, FL
San Francisco, CA
Austin, TX
Columbus, OH





 Jobs by Company

Amazon
American Express
Boeing
Ernst & Young
Google
Home Depot
Kellogg
L'Oreal
Merrill Lynch
Microsoft
Nordstrom
Oracle
Procter & Gamble
Staples
T-Mobile
Unilever
Verizon
Walt Disney










Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip
























Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us






About Jobsgalore
What is Jobsgalore?
Jobsgalore is a new job search engine that provides job seekers free access to millions of job openings across thousands of job categories and industries.
We aggregate, filter and sort huge amounts of data from hundreds of job boards, classifieds sites, company homepages and other job related Websites and make them available to you in a fast, clean and easy to use interface.
What added value does Jobsgalore provide in comparison to conventional job boards?
Instead of browsing multiple job boards and other career sites, you can find what you are looking for in just one search, making your job search faster and more efficient.
Our unique map based search feature allows you to search for jobs within a certain geographic area and our search filters allow you to drill down to the exact job details you need.
How can I contact Jobsgalore?
Should you have any further questions or comments, please contact us at info@digital-jobs.de. We are always happy to help!






Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH


















Investor Relations | The Compass Group





































 




 Compass Diversified Holdings (NYSE: CODI) 
Investor Relations


















	Growth.    Stability.    Transparency.


		Experienced acquirer, owner and manager of branded consumer and niche industrial businesses

		Diversified and strong cash flows from leading middle market businesses with defensible market positions

		Consistent and attractive distributions to shareholders

		Demonstrated history of value creation since 2006 IPO

		Considerable financial strength and liquidity






NYSE: CODI


$ 17.40

        		0.00 (0.00%)



        	Day High: N/A
            
            Day Low:  N/A
            
        	Volume:    N/A
		

        	4:02 PM ET  Jul 27, 2017
        

Delayed ~20 min., by eSignal.



3 mo.
6 mo.
1 yr.














 Press Releases View all




Jul 20, 2017
Compass Diversified Holdings Subsidiary, Crosman, Acquires Commercial Business of LaserMax


Jul 19, 2017
Compass Diversified Holdings Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings and Conference Call Information


Jul 6, 2017
Compass Diversified Holdings Declares Second Quarter 2017 Distribution of $0.36 Per Share

 

Jun 19, 2017
Compass Diversified Holdings Announces Pricing of $100 Million Preferred Share Offering


Jun 5, 2017
Compass Diversified Holdings to Host Investor and Analyst Event On June 15, 2017


Jun 5, 2017
Compass Diversified Holdings Acquires Crosman Corporation









Events & Presentations View all 

Aug 3, 2017 / 9:00 AM ET
Compass Diversified Holdings Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call






Investor Relations

Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Financials & Filings

SEC Filings
Annual Reports


Stock Information

Historic Stock Lookup
Investment Calculator
Dividend History
Analyst Coverage


Shareholder Tax Reporting

General Tax Information
2016 Tax Reporting Information


Investor FAQs
Fact Sheet (.PDF)
Corporate Governance

Board of Directors
Committee Composition
Contact the Board
Insider Transactions
Financial Concern Hotline


Contact Information








 
Briefcase
Briefcase
 
 
Printed Materials
Printed Materials
 
 
Email Alerts
Email Alerts
 
 
Downloads
Downloads
 
 
Snapshot
Snapshot
 

RSS
RSS
 
 
Print
Print
 

Share
Share
 

Search
Search



  

Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS



































 

Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback

























compass group diversified holdings llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC operates as a private equity firm.




Corporate Information
Address:

Sixty-one Wilton Road,
Second Floor
Westport, CT 06880
United States


Phone:
1-203-221-1703


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.compasstrust.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


C Day
Anholt Services USA Inc








Chief Executive Officer
Company


Alan Offenberg
Compass Diversified Holdings








Board Members
Company


James Bottiglieri
Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC


Harold Edwards
Limoneira Co


D Ewing
Staffmark Holdings Inc






Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


C Sean Day


Chairman




Alan B Offenberg


Chief Executive Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































