


Product naming - Wikipedia





















 






Product naming

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Product naming is the discipline of deciding what a product will be called, and is very similar in concept and approach to the process of deciding on a name for a company or organization. Product naming is considered a critical part of the branding process, which includes all of the marketing activities that affect the brand image, such as positioning and the design of logo, packaging and the product itself. The process involved in product naming can take months or years to complete. Some key steps include specifying the objectives of the branding, developing the product name itself, evaluating names through target market testing and focus groups, choosing a final product name, and finally identifying it as a trademark for protection.[1]



Contents


1 Principles
2 Types of names

2.1 Acronyms and Abbreviations
2.2 Amalgam
2.3 Alliteration and Rhyme
2.4 Appropriation
2.5 Descriptive
2.6 Clever Statement
2.7 Evocative
2.8 Founders' Names (Eponyms)
2.9 Geography
2.10 HomeNON
2.11 Ingredients
2.12 Merged
2.13 Mimetics
2.14 Nickname
2.15 Neologism
2.16 Onomatopoeia
2.17 Personification
2.18 Portmanteau


3 Product naming techniques
4 Owning a Name: Trademarks, URLs and beyond
5 International considerations

5.1 Product naming faux pas


6 Notable naming companies
7 See also
8 References
9 External links



Principles[edit]
A key ingredient in launching a successful company is the selection of its name.[2] Product names that are considered generally sound have several qualities in common.

They strategically distinguish the product from its competitors by conveying its unique positioning
They hold appeal for the product’s target audience
They imply or evoke a salient brand attribute, quality or benefit.
They are available for legal protection and "trademark".
They allow companies to bond with their customers to create loyalty.
They have a symbolic association that fortifies the image of a company or a product to the consumers.
They help motivate customers to buy the product.
They can be legally acquired and developed.

Types of names[edit]
Brand names typically fall into several different categories.[3]
Acronyms and Abbreviations[edit]
AFLAC, IBM, M&M (for Forrest Mars and Bruce Murrie).
Amalgam[edit]
Names created by taking parts of words and putting them together: Nabisco (National Biscuit Company).
Alliteration and Rhyme[edit]
Fun to say, and particularly memorable: FAT BAT, YouTube, Piggly Wiggly.
Appropriation[edit]
Use the idea for one thing and apply it to another: Caterpillar, Reebok.
Descriptive[edit]
Descriptive names ascribe to the product a characteristic: Toys R Us, General Motors.
Clever Statement[edit]
Names don't have to be just a word or two: Seven for All Mankind, I Can't Believe It's Not Butter!, The Boring Company.
Evocative[edit]
Invoke a vivid image that alludes to a brand benefit: London Fog, Amazon.
Founders' Names (Eponyms)[edit]
Use the name of a founder or founder family member: Barneys, Hewlett-Packard, and Wendy's.
Geography[edit]
Chose a name associated with company/product location: eBay for Echo Bay (a fictional place as well as the shortened form of "Echo Bay Technology Group," the name of eBay founder Pierre Omidyar's consulting company, according to the List of company name etymologies), Fuji for the tallest mountain in Japan, Cisco for San Francisco.
HomeNON[edit]
For a name with personality: Yahoo!, Cracker Jack. However, Yahoo is the pronunciation of the Chinese name of one of its founders, Jerry Yang.[citation needed]
Ingredients[edit]
Base the name on ingredients: Clorox for chlorine plus sodium hydroxide, Pepsi for the digestive enzyme pepsin.
Merged[edit]
When two companies merge into one, sometimes both names are kept: ExxonMobil, Cadbury Schweppes.
Mimetics[edit]
Use alternative spellings for common sounds: 2(x)ist, Krispy Kreme.
Nickname[edit]
Use a founder's nickname: Adidas aka Adolf Dassler, Haribo Hans Riegel Bonn, Kinkos.
Neologism[edit]
A completely new made-up word: Kodak, Verizon, Mimex.
Onomatopoeia[edit]
Use a sound associated with a product function or other brand idea: Twitter, Meow Mix.
Personification[edit]
Create a character or adopt an existing personage: Green Giant, Midas Mufflers.
Portmanteau[edit]
Name is a combination of two (or more) words or morphemes, and their definitions, into one new word: Travelocity, Pinterest.
Product naming techniques[edit]
Linguistically, names are developed by combining morphemes, phonemes and syntax to create a desired representation of a product.
Morphemes differ from words in that many morphemes may not be able to stand alone. The Sprint name is composed of a single word and a single morpheme. Conversely, a brand like Acuvue is composed of two morphemes, each with a distinct meaning. While "vue" may be able to stand as its own word, "acu" is seen as a prefix or a bound morpheme that must connect to a free morpheme like "vue."[4]
Phonemes are minimal units of sound. Depending on the speaker’s accent, the English language has about 44 phonemes.[5] In product naming, names that are phonetically easy to pronounce and that are well balanced with vowels and consonants have an advantage over those that are not. Likewise, names that begin with or stress plosive consonant sounds B, hard C, D, G, K, P or T are often used because of their attention-getting quality.[6] Some phoneme sounds in English, for example L, V, F and W are thought of as feminine, while others such as X, M and Z are viewed as masculine.[7]
Syntax, or word order, is key to consumers’ perceptions of a product name. Banana Republic would not carry the same meaning were it changed to "Republic Banana." Syntax also has significant implications for the naming of global products, because syntax has been argued to cross the barrier from one language to another.[8] (See the pioneering work on Universal Grammar by Noam Chomsky)
Some specific product naming techniques, including a combination of morphemes, phonemes and syntax are shown in the graph below.


Method
Brand


Alliteration
Coca-Cola


Oxymoron
Krispy Kreme


Combination
Walkman


Tautology
Crown Royal


Theronym
Mustang


Mimetics
Google


Eponym
Trump Tower


Description
Cinnamon Toast Crunch


Synecdoche
Staples


Poetics
USA Today


Metonymy
Starbucks


Allusion
London Fog


Haplology
Land O'Lakes


Clipping
FedEx


Morphological borrowing
Nikon


Omission
RAZR


Acronym adaptation
BMW


Acronym
KFC


Founder's name
Ferrari


Classical roots
Pentium


Arbitrary
Apple


Reduplication
Spic and Span


Owning a Name: Trademarks, URLs and beyond[edit]
A consideration companies find important in developing a product name is its "trademarkability". Product name trademarks may be established in a number of ways:

In many countries, including the United States, names can be used as trademarks without formal registration through first use or common law—simply to protect an established product’s name and reputation.
Product names can be formally registered within a state, with protection limited to that state’s borders.
In the United States, a federal trademark registration is filed with the USPTO and offered protection for as long as the mark is in use.
The preeminent system for registering international trademarks in multiple jurisdictions is the Madrid system.

In addition, protecting a trademark is just as important as the initial process of registration. Trademark rights are maintained through actual use of the trademark, and will diminish over time if a trademark is not actively used.
Companies need to consider whether they can own a name in the digital realm. Securing a domain name, particularly with the globally recognized dot-com extension, is critical for some companies. It has also become increasingly important for firms to interact with their audience through social media websites. Social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Instagram all have procedures for acquiring a name on their sites. In modern communication, the trademark is just the start of owning a name.
International considerations[edit]
Because English is widely viewed as a global language, with over 380 million native speakers, many international trademarks are created in English. Still, language differences present difficulties when using a trademark internationally.
Product naming faux pas[edit]
Many companies have stumbled across the importance of considering language differences in marketing new products.

Audi named their hybrid models e-tron, étron meaning "excrement" in French.[9]
The Mitsubishi Pajero SUV is called Montero in Spanish-speaking countries as pajero is a commonly used as a pejorative to mean "wanker".
Reebok named a women’s sneaker Incubus.[10] In medieval folklore, an incubus was a demon who ravished women in their sleep.
The Honda Fitta was, according to a popular urban legend, renamed Jazz after discovering that fitta is Norwegian and Swedish slang for the female genitals.[11]
A drink in Japan called Calpis, when pronounced, sounds like cow piss. The product is marketed in North America under the Calpico brand.[12]
Bimbo is a Mexican baking conglomerate;[13] in English the term describes a woman who is physically attractive but is perceived to have a low intelligence or poor education.

Notable naming companies[edit]

Addison Whitney
A Hundred Monkeys
Catchword Branding
Interbrand (Omnicom)
Igor
Landor (WPP)
Lexicon Branding
Lippincott
Master-McNeil
Siegel+Gale (Omnicom)

See also[edit]

Onomastics, the science of proper names (including names for products, companies, etc.)
Brand architecture
Brand development
Corporate identity
List of company name etymologies
List of renamed products
Name generator
Naming
Naming firms
Product naming convention
Project code name
Rebranding
Seasonal packaging

References[edit]

^ Kohli, C., & LaBahn, D.W. (1997). Observations: Creating effective brand names: a study of the naming process. Journal of Advertising Research, 37.
^ Fred Barrett, "Names That Sell: How to create Great Names for Your Company, Product, or Service", 1995
^ "Styles and Types of Company and Product Names « Merriam Associates, Inc. Brand Strategies". Merriamassociates.com. 2012-11-15. Archived from the original on 22 August 2009. Retrieved 2013-11-07. 
^ Bloomfield, L. (1984). Language, University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-06067-5
^ Sousa, D. (2004). How the brain learns to read, Corwin Press. ISBN 1-4129-0601-6
^ Guth, D.W. "A Few Words on Words." Archived 30 January 2005 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Snyder Bulik, B. (2006). What’s in a name? More than you might think, study says. "Ad Age".
^ Cook, V.J., & Newson, M. (1996). Chomsky’s Universal Grammar: An Introduction, 2nd ed., Blackwell Publishing. ISBN 0-631-19556-4
^ "Oh, Crap: Audi mucks up e-tron name in French". Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ The Journal Record (Oklahoma City). February 20, 1997. Reebok has devil of a time with demonic shoe name.
^ "fitta - engelsk översättning - bab.la svensk-engelskt lexikon". Retrieved 14 July 2012. 
^ "watashi to tokyo: Calpico, Calpis, Cow piss?". Smt.blogs.com. 2004-07-28. Retrieved 2013-11-07. 
^ "Funny Brand Names: This Bimbo Isn’t Stupid « Merriam Associates, Inc. Brand Strategies". Merriamassociates.com. 2010-10-19. Retrieved 2013-11-07. 

External links[edit]

What Entrepreneurs Need to Know About ... Naming Your Company, Innovation Magazine, October 2006.
Choosing a Company Name, The Sideroad, 2006.
8 Mistakes to Avoid When Naming Your Business, Entrepreneur.com 7 April 2005
Venture Capital: Renaming company entails risks, by JOHN COOK, SEATTLE POST-INTELLIGENCER, February 28, 2003
Monday name change for PwC, BBC NEWS, 10 June 2002
"What's in a name? For the pros, big bucks", U.S. News and World Report, 10/13/97
"Change your business' name? 7 issues," Microsoft Small Business Center
small business resource for product naming IYBI 2013
In the name of the brand, m+a report 2008
The 2017 Igor Naming Guide





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Product_naming&oldid=787539785"					
Categories: Product managementBrand managementHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse dmy dates from June 2013Articles that may contain original research from July 2008All articles that may contain original researchAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoPolski 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 June 2017, at 23:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






The 8 Principles Of Product Naming











Fast CompanyNewsletterSubscribefast companyhomepagetechnologyleadershipentertainmentideasvideonewsco.Designhomepagecitiesgraphicsinnovation by designinteractiveproductspacescollectionsThe Most Innovative CompaniesThe top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more.Most Creative PeopleMeet this year's inspiring leaders.Innovation By DesignA showcase for ingenious design solutions.Future of PhilanthropyInside The Changing World Of GivingWorld Changing IdeasNew workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system.Work SmartThe apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder.FastCo.Works StudioAn award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current IssueCurrent IssueSUBSCRIBEFollow us:advertisementadvertisement02.24.12 The 8 Principles Of Product NamingEven at the best of times, naming is a contentious and emotional business. Whether you’re naming your baby, your boat, or your brand, the process can breed nearly endless deliberation. Keep these principles in mind as you scout the perfect name.
By Matt Gordon and Nick Foley3 minute ReadEven at the best of times, naming is a contentious and emotional business. Whether you’re naming your baby, your boat, or your brand, the process can breed nearly endless deliberation. Keep these principles in mind as you scout the perfect name.advertisementMAKE IT MEMORABLE The search engine has changed everything. Instead of worrying about your spot in the phone book, you need a name that’s relevant and truly compelling. The key to any name–simple or complex, abstract or descriptive–is grabbing attention and staying memorable.Example: Yummy Tummy KoalasIntriguing, irreverent, distinctly Australian: Yummy Tummy Koalas instantly conveys the fun factor of this brand. FILL IT WITH MEANINGChoose a name that tells your brand’s story. Over time, you can expand the meaning of your name and add layers of depth to make it even more powerful–a visual identity, a color, a sound. The more significance your name carries, the more work it will do for you.advertisementExample: VisaFrom a word that initially meant only a stamp on a passport, Visa has surrounded its name with a host of associations–travel, access, opportunities, identity, official status–that allow it to tell the right story at the right time.SAY IT OUT LOUD The best names are the ones that people can’t wait to tell their friends about. Names that roll off the tongue invite customers to become your viral marketing agency. Say, shout, and even sing names you’re considering to see which one will echo for years to come.Example: SchweppesHappy coincidence? In 1783, Johann Jacob Schweppe opted to name his bubbly, effervescent soft drinks after himself. More than 200 years later, consumers still love calling out his name.advertisementDON’T WAIT TO FALL IN LOVEEven the best name may not seem terrific the first time you hear it. As your name evolves into a brand, it will acquire more and richer associations. Give the names you’re considering a chance to grow on you–and try to imagine what they might stand for five or 10 years down the road.Example: GoogleOriginally a variant of googol, the numeral one followed by 100 zeros, Google has come to represent a playful and innovative culture that delivers everything from email to operating systems.LISTEN TO YOUR FEAR Great names grab your attention by breaking the rules–but a name that defies your expectations may also appear scary. Look past the fear and you’ll find  energy and possibility. That buzz of surprise could be telling you that you’ve found a name that stands out.advertisementExample: BlackBerryProMail, an early name candidate for what we know today as the BlackBerry, probably would have been an easier sell in RIM’s executive suite. But once users got their hands on the perfectly sized device, it became obvious which name was the perfect fit.STAND OUT IN A CROWD If you are different, you want to sound different. Use your name to focus on what makes your brand special. Look at your category and where it’s headed. What do customers expect? How can your name signal something new?Example: W HotelsIn a market dominated by the prosaic names of people and places–Hilton, Marriott, Hyatt, and Radisson–W had the nerve to sound young, energetic, and stylish. Today, it’s the premier destination for business travelers who want to balance style with substance.advertisementTOO MUCH IS NEVER ENOUGHThe first hundred names you think of are likely to be the same ones your competitors tossed around. Use naming specialists to develop thousands of alternatives. To arrive at a name that meets all your objectives, you need a list that’s both broad and deep. Example: AccentureThousands of names were created, hundreds were screened, and scores were considered. One name rose to the top, and now countless conversations center around this brand’s “Accent on the future.”EXPECT ITS STORY TO EVOLVEThere are always reasons to dislike a name, but you can’t make the right decision if you never make any decision at all. Remember that names are just one part of your brand, and they’re elastic–you can stretch them to mean what you want. advertisementExample: VirginAs a word, “virgin” brings to mind anything from wool and olive oil to Mary and The Material Girl. But as a brand name, Virgin has come to stand for a provocative attitude that can sell everything from prepaid mobile phones to vacations in orbit. advertisementRelated StoriesLeadershipFound: Comfortable Sandals That Are Appropriate To Wear To WorkLeadershipThis Site Hopes To Be The First Troll-Free Sex Ed Oasis On The InternetLeadership“We Had The Wrong Goal Initially”: Pinterest’s Diversity Chief Adjusts CourseadvertisementVideoIdeasIdeasWhy This Van In Fresno Is Releasing A Million Bacteria-Infected Mosquitoes Every WeekIdeasNot Everyone Has A Garage, But What If The Streetlights Were Electric Car Charging Stations?IdeasThese Projects Are Using Art To Fight The Prison Industrial ComplexEntertainmentEntertainmentBigger Than Booger: Curtis Armstrong On Thriving Through Four Decades In HollywoodEntertainmentThis Ad Starkly Depicts Black Parents Having “The Talk” With Their KidsEntertainmentSee What America Hates Most, State By StateCo.DesignProductThis Rotary Phone Is A Delightfully Analog Way To Read The WebProductSomeday You Could Swallow This Wireless Robot Like A PillSpacesAirports Have Gotten Insanely ComplicatedFast CompanyLeadershipFound: Comfortable Sandals That Are Appropriate To Wear To WorkEntertainmentBigger Than Booger: Curtis Armstrong On Thriving Through Four Decades In HollywoodLeadershipThis Site Hopes To Be The First Troll-Free Sex Ed Oasis On The Internet









Brand - Wikipedia






















 






Brand

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Brand (disambiguation).





It has been suggested that Parity product be merged into this article. (Discuss) Proposed since June 2017.




Marketing




Marketing
Marketing management






Key concepts


Product marketing
Pricing
Distribution
Service
Retail
Brand management
Brand licensing
Co-creation
Account-based marketing
Ethics
Effectiveness
Research
Segmentation
Strategy
Activation
Management
Dominance
Marketing operations
Social marketing
Identity
Digital marketing
Promotion








Promotional content


Advertising
Branding
Underwriting spot
Direct marketing
Personal selling
Product placement
Propaganda
Publicity
Sales promotion
Sex in advertising
Loyalty marketing
Mobile marketing
Premiums
Prizes
Corporate anniversary
On-hold messaging








Promotional media


Printing
Publication
Broadcasting
Out-of-home advertising
Internet
Display advertising
Behavioral targeting
Web banner
Point of sale
Merchandise
In-game advertising
Mobile advertising
Native advertising
Product demonstration
Word-of-mouth
Brand ambassador
Drip marketing
Visual merchandising
New media









v
t
e







Brand management


Strategy




Soul or essence or core
Mission and vision
Image
Values
Concept
Model or -code or formula
Platform
Adaptation




Culture




Identity or DNA
Personality or individuality
Loyalty or franchise
Lifestyle brand or lovemarks
Evolution
Policy or branding or brand development




Positioning




Value
Equity
Perceived quality
Choice behaviour
Archetype
Differentiation
Perceptual map or product position map
Brand matrix




Architecture and Hierarchy




Name
Monolithic brand or branded house
House of Brands
Book or Bible or guidelines
Attributes or identify
Sub-brand or endorsed brand
Umbrella / family / blanket brand and multibrand
Silver bullet
Assortment or selection







v
t
e









Ferrari is the world's most powerful brand according to Brand Finance.[1]


A brand is a name, term, design, symbol, or other feature that distinguishes an organization or product from its rivals in the eyes of the customer.[2][3] Brands are used in business, marketing, and advertising.
Initially, livestock branding was adopted to differentiate one person’s cattle from another's by means of a distinctive symbol burned into the animal’s skin with a hot branding iron. If a person would steal the animals, anyone could detect the symbol and deduce the actual owner. However, the term has been extended to mean a strategic personality for a product or company, so that ‘brand’ now suggests the values and promises that a consumer may perceive and buy into.
Branding is a set of marketing and communication methods that help to distinguish a company or products from competitors, aiming to create a lasting impression in the minds of customers. The key components that form a brand's toolbox include a brand’s identity, brand communication (such as by logos and trademarks), brand awareness, brand loyalty, and various branding (brand management) strategies.[4]
Brand equity is the measurable totality of a brand's worth and is validated by assessing the effectiveness of these branding components.[5] As markets become increasingly dynamic and fluctuating, brand equity is a marketing technique to increase customer satisfaction and customer loyalty, with side effects like reduced price sensitivity.[4] A brand is in essence a promise to its customers of they can expect from their products, as well as emotional benefits.[4] When a customer is familiar with a brand, or favours it incomparably to its competitors, this is when a corporation has reached a high level of brand equity.[5]
Many companies believe that there is often little to differentiate between several types of products in the 21st century, and therefore branding is one of a few remaining forms of product differentiation.[6]
In accounting, a brand defined as an intangible asset is often the most valuable asset on a corporation’s balance sheet. Brand owners manage their brands carefully to create shareholder value, and brand valuation is an important management technique that ascribes a money value to a brand, and allows marketing investment to be managed (e.g.: prioritized across a portfolio of brands) to maximize shareholder value. Although only acquired brands appear on a company's balance sheet, the notion of putting a value on a brand forces marketing leaders to be focused on long term stewardship of the brand and managing for value.
The word ‘brand’ is often used as a metonym referring to the company that is strongly identified with a brand.
Marque or make are often used to denote a brand of motor vehicle, which may be distinguished from a car model. A concept brand is a brand that is associated with an abstract concept, like breast cancer awareness or environmentalism, rather than a specific product, service, or business. A commodity brand is a brand associated with a commodity.



Contents


1 History
2 Concepts

2.1 Corporate brand identity
2.2 Brand awareness
2.3 Brand elements
2.4 Brand communication


3 Global brand variables

3.1 Brand name

3.1.1 Types of brand names


3.2 Brand line
3.3 Brand identification
3.4 Brand identity

3.4.1 Visual brand identity


3.5 Brand trust
3.6 Brand parity


4 Expanding role of brand
5 Branding strategies

5.1 Company name
5.2 Individual branding
5.3 Challenger brands
5.4 Multiproduct branding strategy

5.4.1 Product line extension
5.4.2 Subbranding
5.4.3 Brand extension
5.4.4 Co-branding


5.5 Multibranding strategy

5.5.1 Fighting brands


5.6 Private branding strategy
5.7 Mixed branding strategy
5.8 Attitude branding and iconic brands
5.9 "No-brand" branding
5.10 Derived brands
5.11 Brand extension and brand dilution
5.12 Social media brands
5.13 Multi-brands
5.14 Private labels
5.15 Individual and organizational brands

5.15.1 Personal branding
5.15.2 Employer branding


5.16 Crowd sourced branding
5.17 Personalised branding
5.18 Nation branding (place branding and public diplomacy)
5.19 Destination branding


6 Doppelgänger brand image (DBI)
7 See also
8 References
9 External links



History[edit]
The word, brand, derives from the ancient North Scandavian term “brandr” meaning "to burn." It is a reference to the practice of using branding irons to burn a mark into the hides of livestock, and may also refer to the practice of craftsmen engraving brand names into products, tools or personal belongings.[7]
The oldest generic brand, in continuous use in India since the Vedic period (ca. 1100 B.C.E to 500 B.C.E), is the herbal paste known as Chyawanprash, consumed for its purported health benefits and attributed to a revered rishi (or seer) named Chyawan.[8] This product was developed at Dhosi Hill, an extinct volcano in northern India.
Roman glassmakers branded their works, with Ennion being the most prominent.[9]
The Italians used brands in the form of watermarks on paper in the 13th century.[10] Blind Stamps, hallmarks, and silver-makers' marks are all types of brand.
Although connected with the history of trademarks[11] and including earlier examples which could be deemed protobrands (such as the marketing puns of the Vesuvinum wine jars found at Pompeii),[12] brands in the field of mass-marketing originated in the 19th century with the advent of packaged goods. Industrialization moved the production of many household items, such as soap, from local communities to centralized factories. When shipping their items, the factories would literally brand their logo or insignia on the barrels used, extending the meaning of brand to that of a trademark.
Bass & Company, the British brewery, claims their red-triangle brand as the world's first trademark. Tate & Lyle of Lyle's Golden Syrup makes a similar claim, having been recognized by Guinness World Records[13] as Britain's oldest brand, with its green-and-gold packaging having remained almost unchanged since 1885. Another example comes from Antiche Fornaci Giorgi in Italy, which has stamped or carved its bricks (as found in Saint Peter's Basilica in the Vatican City) with the same proto-logo since 1731.
Cattle-branding has been used since Ancient Egypt. The term, maverick, originally meaning an un-branded calf, came from a Texas pioneer rancher, Sam Maverick, whose neglected cattle often got loose and were rounded up by his neighbors. Use of the word maverick spread among cowboys and came to apply to unbranded calves found wandering alone.[14]
Factories established during the Industrial Revolution introduced mass-produced goods and needed to sell their products to a wider market - to customers previously familiar only with locally produced goods. It quickly became apparent that a generic package of soap had difficulty competing with familiar, local products. The packaged-goods manufacturers needed to convince the market that the public could place just as much trust in the non-local product. Pears soap, Campbell's soup, soft drink Coca-Cola, Juicy Fruit chewing gum, Aunt Jemima pancake mix, and Quaker Oats oatmeal were among the first products to be "branded" in an effort to increase the consumer's familiarity with their merits. Other brands which date from that era, such as Uncle Ben's rice and Kellogg's breakfast cereal, furnish illustrations of the trend.
Around 1900, James Walter Thompson published a house ad explaining trademark advertising. This was an early commercial explanation of what we now know as branding. Companies soon adopted slogans, mascots, and jingles that began to appear on radio and early television. By the 1940s,[15] manufacturers began to recognize the way in which consumers were developing relationships with their brands in a social/psychological/anthropological sense.
Manufacturers quickly learned to build their brands' identity and personality such as youthfulness, fun or luxury. This began the practice we now know as branding today, where the consumers buy the brand instead of the product. This trend continued to the 1980s, and is now quantified in concepts such as brand value and brand equity. Naomi Klein has described this development as "brand equity mania".[16] In 1988, for example, Philip Morris purchased Kraft for six times what the company was worth on paper; it was felt[by whom?] that what they really purchased was its brand name.
April 2, 1993, or Marlboro Friday, is often considered the death of the brand[16] – the day Philip Morris declared that they were cutting the price of Marlboro cigarettes by 20% in order to compete with bargain cigarettes. Marlboro cigarettes were noted[by whom?] at the time for their heavy advertising campaigns and well-nuanced brand image. In response to the announcement, Wall Street stocks nose-dived[16] for a large number of branded companies: Heinz, Coca-Cola, Quaker Oats, PepsiCo, Tide, and Lysol. Many thought the event signalled the beginning of a trend towards "brand blindness" (Klein 13), questioning the power of "brand value".

Concepts[edit]
Effective branding can result in higher sales of not only one product, but of other products associated with that brand.[citation needed] If a customer loves Pillsbury biscuits and trusts the brand, he or she is more likely to try other products offered by the company - such as chocolate-chip cookies, for example. Brand development, often the task of a design team, takes time to produce. Brand is the personality that identifies a product, service or company (name, term, sign, symbol, or design, or combination of them) and how it relates to key constituencies: customers, staff, partners, investors, etc.[citation needed]
Some people[who?] distinguish the psychological aspect (brand associations like thoughts, feelings, perceptions, images, experiences, beliefs, attitudes, and so on that become linked to the brand) of a brand from the experiential aspect. The experiential aspect consists of the sum of all points of contact with the brand and is known[by whom?] as the brand experience. The brand experience is a brand's action perceived by a person.[citation needed] The psychological aspect, sometimes referred to as the brand image, is a symbolic construct created within the minds of people, consisting of all the information and expectations associated with a product, with a service, or with the companyies providing them.[citation needed]
People engaged in branding seek to develop or align the expectations behind the brand experience, creating the impression that a brand associated with a product or service has certain qualities or characteristics that make it special or unique.[citation needed] A brand can therefore become one of the most valuable elements in an advertising theme, as it demonstrates what the brand owner is able to offer in the marketplace.[clarification needed] The art of creating and maintaining a brand is called brand management. Orientation of an entire organization towards its brand is called brand orientation. Brand orientation develops in response to market intelligence.[citation needed]
Careful brand management seeks to make products or services relevant to a target audience. Brands should be seen[by whom?] as more than the difference between the actual cost of a product and its selling price – they represent the sum of all valuable qualities of a product to the consumer.
A widely known brand is said[by whom?] to have "brand recognition". When brand recognition builds up to a point where a brand enjoys a critical mass of positive sentiment in the marketplace, it is said to have achieved brand franchise. Brand recognition is most successful when people can state a brand without being explicitly exposed to the company's name, but rather through visual signifiers like logos, slogans, and colors.[17] For example, Disney successfully branded its particular script font (originally created for Walt Disney's "signature" logo), which it used in the logo for go.com.




Visual Identity (example) created by Przemek Kowal[18]


Consumers may look on branding as an aspect of products or services,[citation needed] as it often serves to denote a certain attractive quality or characteristic (see also brand promise). From the perspective of brand owners, branded products or services can command higher prices. Where two products resemble each other, but one of the products has no associated branding (such as a generic, store-branded product), potential purchasers may often select the more expensive branded product on the basis of the perceived quality of the brand or on the basis of the reputation of the brand owner.
Corporate brand identity[edit]
Brand identity is the embodiment behind a corporation's reason for existence.[citation needed] Simply, the brand identity is a set of individual components, such as a name, a design, a set of imagery, a slogan, a vision, etc. which set the brand aside from others.[19][20] In order for a company to exude a strong sense of brand identity, it must have an in-depth understanding of its target market, competitors and the surrounding business environment.[4] Brand identity includes both the core identity and the extended identity.[4] The core identity reflects consistent long-term associations with the brand; whereas the extended identity involves the intricate details of the brand that help generate a constant motif.[4]
According to Kotler et al. (2009), a brand's identity may deliver four levels of meaning:

attributes
benefits
values
personality

A brand's attributes are a set of labels with which the corporation wishes to be associated. For example, a brand may showcase its primary attribute as environmental friendliness. However, a brand's attributes alone are not enough to persuade a customer into purchasing the product.[19] These attributes must be communicated through benefits, which are more emotional translations. If a brand's attribute is being environmentally friendly, customers will receive the benefit of feeling that they are helping the environment by associating with the brand. Aside from attributes and benefits, a brand's identity may also involve branding to focus on representing its core set of values.[19] If a company is seen to symbolise specific values, it will, in turn, attract customers who also believe in these values.[citation needed] For example, Nike's brand represents the value of a "just do it" attitude.[citation needed] Thus,[citation needed] this form of brand identification attracts customers who also share this same value. Even more extensive than its perceived values is a brand's personality.[19] Quite literally, one can easily describe a successful brand identity as if it were a person.[19] This form of brand identity has proven to be the most advantageous in maintaining long-lasting relationships with consumers, as it gives them a sense of personal interaction with the brand [21] Collectively, all four forms of brand identification help to deliver a powerful meaning behind what a corporation hopes to accomplish, and to explain why customers should choose one brand over its competitors.[4]
Brand awareness[edit]
Brand awareness involves a customers' ability to recall and/or recognise brands, logos and branded advertising. Brands helps customers to understand which brands or products belong to which product or service category. Brands assist customers to understand the constellation of benefits offered by individual brands, and how a given brand within a category is differentiated from competing brands, and thus the brand helps customers understand which brand satisfies their needs. Thus, the brand offers the customer a short-cut to understanding the different product or service offerings that make up a category.
Brand awareness is a key step in the customer's purchase decision process, since some kind of awareness is a precondition to purchasing. That is, customers will not consider a brand if they are not aware of it.[22] Brand awareness is a key component in understanding the effectiveness both of a brand's identity and of its communication methods.[23] Successful brands are those that consistently generate a high level of brand awareness, as this can often[quantify] be the pivotal factor in securing customer transactions.[24] Various forms of brand awareness can be identified. Each form reflects a different stage in a customer's cognitive ability to address the brand in a given circumstance.[5]

Most companies aim for "Top-of-Mind". Top-of-mind awareness occurs when a brand pops into a consumer's mind when asked to name brands in a product category. For example, when someone is asked to name a type of facial tissue, the common answer, "Kleenex", will represent a top-of-mind brand.
Unaided awareness (also known as brand recall or spontaneous awareness) refers to the brand or set of brands that a consumer can elicit from memory when prompted with a product category
Aided awareness (also known as brand recognition) occurs when consumers see or read a list of brands, and express familiarity with a particular brand only after they hear or see it as a type of memory aide.
Strategic awareness occurs when a brand is not only top-of-mind to consumers, but also has distinctive qualities which consumers perceive as making it better than other brands in the particular market. The distinction(s) that set a product apart from the competition is/are also known[by whom?] as the unique selling point or USP.

Brand recognition is the initial phase of brand awareness and validates whether or not a customer remembers being pre-exposed to the brand.[24] When customers experience brand recognition, they are triggered by either a visual or verbal cue.[5] For example, when looking to satisfy a category need such as toilet paper, the customer would firstly be presented with multiple brands to choose from. Once the customer is visually or verbally faced with a brand, he/she may remember being introduced to the brand before. This would be classified[by whom?] as brand recognition, as the customer can retrieve the particular memory node that referred to the brand, once given a cue.[5] Often, this form of brand awareness assists customers in choosing one brand over another when faced with a low-involvement purchasing decision.[25]
Unlike brand recognition, brand recall is not triggered by a visual or verbal cue. Instead, brand recall "requires that the consumers correctly retrieve the brand from memory".[5] Rather than being given a choice of multiple brands to satisfy a need, consumers are faced with a need first, and then must recall a brand from their memory to satisfy that need. This level of brand awareness is stronger than brand recognition, as the brand must be firmly cemented in the consumer's memory to enable unassisted remembrance.[24] Thus, brand recall is a confirmation that previous branding touchpoints have successfully fermented in the minds of its consumers.[25]
Marketing-mix modeling can help marketing leaders optimize how they spend marketing budgets to maximize the impact on brand awareness or on sales. Managing brands for value creation will often involve applying marketing-mix modeling techniques in conjunction with brand valuation.[citation needed]
Brand elements[edit]
Brands typically comprise various elements, such as:[26]

name: the word or words used to identify a company, product, service, or concept
logo: the visual trademark that identifies a brand
tagline or catchphrase: "The Quicker Picker Upper" is associated[by whom?] with Bounty paper towels
graphics: the "dynamic ribbon" is a trademarked part of Coca-Cola's brand
shapes: the distinctive shapes of the Coca-Cola bottle and of the Volkswagen Beetle are trademarked elements of those brands
colors: the instant recognition consumers have when they see Tiffany & Co.’s robin’s egg blue (Pantone No. 1837). Tiffany & Co.’s trademarked the color in 1998.[27]
sounds: a unique tune or set of notes can denote a brand. NBC's chimes provide a famous example.
scents: the rose-jasmine-musk scent of Chanel No. 5 is trademarked
tastes: Kentucky Fried Chicken has trademarked its special recipe of eleven herbs and spices for fried chicken
movements: Lamborghini has trademarked the upward motion of its car doors





Figure 2. Demonstrating touch points associated with purchase experience stages


Brand communication[edit]
Although brand identity is regarded[by whom?] as the most fundamental asset to a brand's equity, the worth of a brand's identity would become obsolete without ongoing brand communication.[28] Integrated marketing communications (IMC) relates to how a brand transmits a clear consistent message to its stakeholders .[23] Five key components comprise IMC:[19]

advertising
sales promotions
direct marketing
personal selling
public relations

The effectiveness of a brand's communication is determined by how accurately the customer perceives the brand's intended message through its IMC. Although IMC is a broad strategic concept, the most crucial brand communication elements are pinpointed[by whom?] to how the brand sends a message and what touch points the brand uses to connect with its customers.[23]
One can analyse the traditional communication model into several consecutive steps:[19]

Firstly, a source/sender wishes to convey a message to a receiver. This source must encode the intended message in a way that the receiver will potentially understand.[23]
After the encoding stage, the forming of the message is complete and is portrayed through a selected channel.[29] In IMC, channels may include media elements such as advertising, public relations, sales promotions, etc.[23]
It is at this point where the message can often deter from its original purpose as the message must go through the process of being decoded, which can often lead to unintended misinterpretation.[29]
Finally, the receiver retrieves the message and attempts to understand what the sender was aiming to render. Often, a message may be incorrectly received due to noise in the market, which is caused by "…unplanned static or distortion during the communication process".[19]
The final stage of this process is when the receiver responds to the message, which is received by the original sender as feedback.[21]

When a brand communicates a brand identity to a receiver, it runs the risk of the receiver incorrectly interpreting the message. Therefore, a brand should use appropriate communication channels to positively "…affect how the psychological and physical aspects of a brand are perceived" [30]
In order for brands to effectively communicate to customers, marketers must "…consider all touch points, or sources of contact, that a customer has with the brand".[31][page needed] Touch points represent the channel stage in the traditional communication model, where a message travels from the sender to the receiver. Any point where a customer has an interaction with the brand - whether watching a television advertisement, hearing about a brand through word of mouth, or even noticing a branded license plate - defines a touch point. According to Dalen et al. (2010), every touch point has the "…potential to add positive - or suppress negative - associations to the brand's equity" [30] Thus a brand's IMC should cohesively deliver positive messages through appropriate touch points associated with its target market. One methodology involves using sensory stimuli touch points to activate customer emotion.[31] For example, if a brand consistently uses a pleasant smell as a primary touch point, the brand has a much higher chance of creating a positive lasting effect on its customers' senses as well as memory.[21] Another way a brand can ensure that it is utilising the best communication channel, is by focusing on touch points that suit particular areas associated with customer experience.[19] As suggested Figure 2, certain touch points link with a specific stage in customer-brand-involvement. For example, a brand may recognise that advertising touch points are most effective during the pre-purchase experience stage therefore they may target their advertisements to new customers rather than to existing customers. Overall, a brand has the ability to strengthen brand equity by using IMC branding communications through touch points.[31]
Brand communication is important in ensuring brand success in the business world and refers to how businesses transmit their brand messages, characteristics and attributes to their consumers.[32] One method of brand communication which companies can exploit involves electronic word-of mouth (eWOM). EWoM is a relatively new[when?] approach identified[by whom?] to communicate with consumers. One popular method of eWOM involves social networking sites (SNSs) such as Twitter.[33] A study found that consumers classed their relationship with a brand as closer if that brand was active on a specific social media site (Twitter). Research further found that the more consumers "retweeted" and communicated with a brand, the more they trusted the brand. This suggests that a company could look to employ a social-media campaign to gain consumer trust and loyalty as well as in the pursuit of communicating brand messages.
McKee (2014) also looked into brand communication and states that when communicating a brand, a company should look to simplify its message as this will lead to more value being portrayed as well as an increased chance of target consumers recalling and recognising the brand.[34]
In 2012 Riefler stated that if the company communicating a brand is a global organisation or has future global aims, that company should look to employ a method of communication which is globally appealing to their consumers, and subsequently choose a method of communication with will be internationally understood.[35] One way a company can do this involves choosing a product or service's brand name, as this name will need to be suitable for the marketplace that it aims to enter.[36]
It is important that if a company wishes to develop a global market, the company name will also need to be suitable in different cultures and not cause offense or be misunderstood.[37] It has also been found[by whom?] that when communicating a brand a company needs to be aware that they must not just visually communicate their brand message and should take advantage of portraying their message through multi-sensory information.[38] One article suggests that other senses, apart from vision, need to be targeted when trying to communicate a brand with consumers.[39] For example, a jingle or background music can have a positive effect on brand recognition, purchasing behaviour and brand recall.
Therefore, when looking to communicate a brand with chosen consumers, companies should investigate a channel of communication which is most suitable for their short-term and long-term aims and should choose a method of communication which is most likely to be adhered to[clarification needed] by their chosen consumers.[35] The match-up between the product, the consumer lifestyle, and the endorser is important for effectiveness of brand communication.
Global brand variables[edit]
Brand name[edit]




Relationship between trade marks and brand


The term "brand name" is quite often[quantify] used[by whom?] interchangeably with "brand", although it is more correctly used to specifically denote written or spoken linguistic elements of any product. In this context a "brand name" constitutes a type of trademark, if the brand name exclusively identifies the brand owner as the commercial source of products or services. A brand owner may seek to protect proprietary rights in relation to a brand name through trademark registration - such trademarks are called[by whom?] "Registered Trademarks". Advertising spokespersons have also become part of some brands, for example: Mr. Whipple of Charmin toilet tissue and Tony the Tiger of Kellogg's Frosted Flakes. Putting a value on a brand by brand valuation or using marketing mix modeling techniques is distinct to valuing a trademark.
Types of brand names[edit]
Brand names come in many styles.[40] A few include:

initialism: a name made of initials, such as "UPS" or "IBM"
descriptive: names that describe a product benefit or function, such as "Whole Foods" or "Toys R' Us"
alliteration and rhyme: names that are fun to say and which stick in the mind, such as "Reese's Pieces" or "Dunkin' Donuts"
evocative: names that can evoke a vivid image, such as "Amazon" or "Crest"
neologisms: completely made-up words, such as "Wii" or "Häagen-Dazs"
foreign word: adoption of a word from another language, such as "Volvo" or "Samsung"
founders' names: using the names of real people, (especially a founder's name), such as "Hewlett-Packard", "Dell", "Disney", "Stussy" or "Mars"
geography: naming for regions and landmarks, such as "Cisco" or "Fuji Film"
personification: taking names from myths, such as "Nike"; or from the minds of ad execs, such as "Betty Crocker"
punny: some brands create their name by using a silly pun, such as "Lord of the Fries", "Wok on Water" or "Eggs Eggscetera"
combination: combining multiple words together to create one, such as "Microsoft" ("microcomputer" and "software"), "Comcast" ("communications" and "broadcast"), "Evernote" ("forever" and "note"), "Vodafone" ("voice", "data", "telephone")

The act of associating a product or service with a brand has become part of pop culture. Most products have some kind of brand identity, from common table salt to designer jeans. A brandnomer is a brand name that has colloquially become a generic term for a product or service, such as Band-Aid, Nylon, or Kleenex—which are often used to describe any brand of adhesive bandage; any type of hosiery; or any brand of facial tissue respectively. Xerox, for example, has become synonymous with the word "copy".
Brand line[edit]
A brand line allows the introduction of various subtypes of a product under a common, ideally already established, brand name. Examples would be the individual Kinder Chocolates by Ferrero SA, the subtypes of Coca-Cola, or special editions of popular brands. See also brand extension.
Brand identification[edit]
Open Knowledge Foundation created in December 2013 the BSIN (Brand Standard Identification Number). BSIN is universal and is used by the Open Product Data Working Group [41] of the Open Knowledge Foundation to assign a brand to a product. The OKFN Brand repository is critical for the Open Data movement.
Brand identity[edit]
The outward expression of a brand – including its name, trademark, communications, and visual appearance – is brand identity.[42] Because the identity is assembled by the brand owner, it reflects how the owner wants the consumer to perceive the brand – and by extension the branded company, organization, product or service. This is in contrast to the brand image, which is a customer's mental picture of a brand.[42] The brand owner will seek to bridge the gap between the brand image and the brand identity. Brand identity is fundamental to consumer recognition and symbolizes the brand's differentiation from competitors.
Brand identity is what the owner wants to communicate to its potential consumers. However, over time, a product's brand identity may acquire (evolve), gaining new attributes from consumer perspective but not necessarily from the marketing communications an owner percolates to targeted consumers. Therefore, businesses research consumer's brand associations.
Visual brand identity[edit]




The visual brand identity manual for Mobil Oil (developed by Chermayeff & Geismar & Haviv), one of the first visual identities to integrate logotype, icon, alphabet, color palette, and station architecture.


A brand can also be used to attract customers by a company, if the brand of a company is well established and has goodwill. The recognition and perception of a brand is highly influenced by its visual presentation. A brand's visual identity is the overall look of its communications. Effective visual brand identity is achieved by the consistent use of particular visual elements to create distinction, such as specific fonts, colors, and graphic elements. At the core of every brand identity is a brand mark, or logo. In the United States, brand identity and logo design naturally grew out of the Modernist movement in the 1950s and greatly drew on the principles of that movement – simplicity (Mies van der Rohe's principle of "Less is more") and geometric abstraction. These principles can be observed in the work of the pioneers of the practice of visual brand identity design, such as [Lippincott and Margulies], Paul Rand, Chermayeff & Geismar (later Chermayeff, Geismar & Haviv), and Saul Bass. As part of a company's brand identity, a logo should complement the company's message strategy. An effective logo is simple, memorable, and works well in any medium including both online and offline applications.[citation needed]
Color is a particularly important element of visual brand identity and color mapping provides an effective way of ensuring color contributes to differentiation in a visually cluttered marketplace (O'Connor, 2011).[43]
Brand trust[edit]
Brand trust is the intrinsic 'believability' that any entity evokes. In the commercial world, the intangible aspect of brand trust impacts the behavior and performance of its business stakeholders in many intriguing ways. It creates the foundation of a strong brand connect with all stakeholders, converting simple awareness to strong commitment. This, in turn, metamorphoses normal people who have an indirect or direct stake in the organization into devoted ambassadors, leading to concomitant advantages like easier acceptability of brand extensions, perception of premium, and acceptance of temporary quality deficiencies.
The Brand Trust Report is a syndicated primary research that has elaborated on this metric of brand trust. It is a result of action, behavior, communication and attitude of an entity, with the most trust results emerging from its action component. Action of the entity is most important in creating trust in all those audiences who directly engage with the brand, the primary experience carrying primary audiences. However, the tools of communications play a vital role in the transferring the trust experience to audiences which have never experienced the brand, the all important secondary audience.
Brand parity[edit]
Brand parity is the perception of the customers that some brands are equivalent.[44] This means that shoppers will purchase within a group of accepted brands rather than choosing one specific brand. When brand parity operates, quality is often not a major concern because consumers believe that only minor quality differences exist.
Expanding role of brand[edit]
Branding was meant to make identifying and differentiating a product easier, while also providing the benefit of letting the name sell a second rate product. Over time, brands came to embrace a performance or benefit promise, for the product, certainly, but eventually also for the company behind the brand.
Today, brand plays a much bigger role. Brands have been co-opted as powerful symbols in larger debates about economics, social issues, and politics. The power of brands to communicate a complex message quickly, with emotional impact and with the ability of brands to attract media attention makes them ideal tools in the hands of activists.[45] Cultural conflict over a brand's meaning have also been shown to influence the diffusion of an innovation.[46]
Branding strategies[edit]
Company name[edit]
Often, especially in the industrial sector, it is just the company's name which is promoted (leading to[citation needed] one of the most powerful statements of branding: saying just before the company's downgrading. This approach has not worked as well for General Motors, which recently overhauled how its corporate brand relates to the product brands.[47] Exactly how the company name relates to product and services names is known as brand architecture. Decisions about company names and product names and their relationship depends on more than a dozen strategic considerations.[48]
In this case, a strong brand name (or company name) is made the vehicle for a range of products (for example, Mercedes-Benz or Black & Decker) or a range of subsidiary brands (such as Cadbury Dairy Milk, Cadbury Flake, or Cadbury Fingers in the UK).
Individual branding[edit]
Main article: Individual branding
Each brand has a separate name (such as Seven-Up, Kool-Aid, or Nivea Sun (Beiersdorf), which may compete against other brands from the same company (for example, Persil, Omo, Surf, and Lynx are all owned by Unilever).
Challenger brands[edit]
Main article: Challenger brand
A challenger brand is a brand in an industry where it is neither the market leader or a niche brand. Challenger brands are categorised by a mindset which sees them have business ambitions beyond conventional resources and an intent to bring change to an industry.
Multiproduct branding strategy[edit]
Multiproduct branding strategy is when a company uses one name across all their products in a product class. When the company's trade name is used, multiproduct branding is also known as corporate branding, family branding or umbrella branding. Examples of companies that use corporate branding are Microsoft, Samsung, Apple, and Sony as the company's brand name is identical to their trade name. Other examples of multiproduct branding strategy include Virgin and Church & Dwight. Virgin, a multination conglomerate uses the punk inspired, handwritten red logo with the iconic tick for all its products ranging from airlines, hot air balloons, telecommunication to healthcare. Church & Dwight, a manufacturer of household products displays the Arm & Hammer family brand name for all its products containing baking soda as the main ingredient. Multiproduct branding strategy has many advantages. It capitalises on brand equity as consumers that have a good experience with the product will in turn pass on this positive opinion to supplementary objects in the same product class as they share the same name. Consequently, the multiproduct branding strategy makes product line extension possible.
Product line extension[edit]
Main article: Product line extension
Product line extension is the procedure of entering a new market segment in its product class by means of using a current brand name. An example of this is the Campbell Soup Company, predominately a producer of canned soups. They utilize a multiproduct branding strategy by way of soup line extensions. They have over 100 soup flavours putting forward varieties such as regular Campbell soup, condensed, chunky, fresh-brewed, organic, and soup on the go. This approach is seen as favourable as it can result in a lower promotion costs and advertising due to the same name being used on all products, therefore increasing the level of brand awareness. Although, line extension has potential negative outcomes with one being that other items in the company's line may be disadvantaged because of the sale of the extension. Line extensions work at their best when they deliver an increase in company revenue by enticing new buyers or by removing sales from competitors.
Subbranding[edit]
Main article: Subbranding
Subbranding is used by certain multiproduct branding companies. Subbranding merges a corporate, family or umbrella brand with the introduction of a new brand in order to differentiate part of a product line from others in the whole brand system. Subbranding assists to articulate and construct offerings. It can alter a brand's identity as subbranding can modify associations of the parent brand. Examples of successful subbranding can be seen through Gatorade and Porsche. Gatorade, a manufacturer of sport-themed food and beverages effectively introduced Gatorade G2, a low-calorie line of Gatorade drinks. Likewise, Porsche, a specialised automobile manufacturer successfully markets its lower-end line, Porsche Boxster and higher-end line, Porsche Carrera.
Brand extension[edit]
Main article: Brand extension
Brand extension is the system of employing a current brand name to enter a different product class. Having a strong brand equity allows for brand extension. Nevertheless, brand extension has its disadvantages. There is a risk that too many uses for one brand name can oversaturate the market resulting in a blurred and weak brand for consumers. Examples of brand extension can be seen through Kimberly-Clark and Honda. Kimberly-Clark is a corporation that produces personal and health care products being able to extend the Huggies brand name across a full line of toiletries for toddlers and babies. The success of this brand extension strategy is apparent in the $500 million in annual sales generated globally. Similarly, Honda using their reputable name for automobiles has spread to other products such as motorcycles, power equipment, engines, robots, aircraft, and bikes.
Co-branding[edit]
Main article: Co-branding
Co-branding is a variation of brand extension. It is where a single product is created from the combining of two brand names of two manufacturers. Co-branding has its advantages as it lets firms enter new product classes and exploit a recognized brand name in that product class. An example of a co-branding success is Whitaker's working with Lewis Road Creamery to create a co-branded beverage called Lewis Road Creamery and Whittaker's Chocolate Milk. This product was a huge success in the New Zealand market with it going viral.
Multibranding strategy[edit]
Multibranding strategy is when a company gives each product a distinct name. Multibranding is best used as an approach when each brand in intended for a different market segment. Multibranding is used in an assortment of ways with selected companies grouping their brands based on price-quality segments. Procter & Gamble (P&G), a multinational consumer goods company that offers over 100 brands, each suited for different consumer needs. For instance, Head & Shoulders that helps consumers relieve dandruff in the form of a shampoo, Oral-B which offers inter-dental products, Vicks which offers cough and cold products, and Downy which offers dryer sheets and fabric softeners. Other examples include Coca-Cola, Nestlé, Kellogg's, and Mars.
This approach usually results in higher promotion costs and advertising. This is due to the company being required to generate awareness among consumers and retailers for each new brand name without the benefit of any previous impressions. Multibranding strategy has many advantages. There is no risk that a product failure will affect other products in the line as each brand is unique to each market segment. Although, certain large multiband companies have come across that the cost and difficulty of implementing a multibranding strategy can overshadow the benefits. For example, Unilever, the world's third-largest multination consumer goods company recently streamlined its brands from over 400 brands to centre their attention onto 14 brands with sales of over 1 billion euros. Unilever accomplished this through product deletion and sales to other companies. Other multibrand companies introduce new product brands as a protective measure to respond to competition called fighting brands or fighter brands.
Fighting brands[edit]
Main article: Fighter brands
The main purpose of fighting brands is to challenge competitor brands. For example, Qantas, Australia's largest flag carrier airline, introduced Jetstar to go head-to-head against the low-cost carrier, Virgin Australia (formerly known as Virgin Blue). Jetstar is an Australian low-cost airline for budget conscious travellers, but it receives many negative reviews due to this. The launching of Jetstar allowed Qantas to rival Virgin Australia without the criticism being affiliated with Qantas because of the distinct brand name.
Private branding strategy[edit]
Private branding is also known as reseller branding, private labelling, store brands, or own brands have increased in popularity. Private branding is when a company manufactures products but it is sold under the brand name of a wholesaler or retailer. Private branding is popular because it typically produces high profits for manufacturers and resellers. The pricing of private brand product are usually cheaper compared to competing name brands. Consumers are commonly deterred by these prices as it sets a perception of lower quality and standard but these views are shifting.
In Australia, their leading supermarket chains, both Woolworths and Coles are saturated with store brands (or private labels). For example, in the United States, Paragon Trade Brands, Ralcorp Holdings, and Rayovac are major suppliers of diapers, grocery products, and private label alkaline batteries, correspondingly. Costco, Walmart, RadioShack, Sears, and Kroger are large retailers that have their own brand names. Similarly, Macy's, a mid-range chain of department stores offers a wide catalogue of private brands exclusive to their stores, from brands such as First Impressions which supply newborn and infant clothing, Hotel Collection which supply luxury linens and mattresses, and Tasso Elba which supply European inspired menswear. They use private branding strategy to specifically target consumer markets.
Mixed branding strategy[edit]
Mixed branding strategy is where a firm markets products under its own name(s) and that of a reseller because the segment attracted to the reseller is different from its own market. For example, Elizabeth Arden, Inc., a major American cosmetics and fragrance company, uses mixed branding strategy. The company sells its Elizabeth Arden brand through department stores and line of skin care products at Walmart with the "skin simple" brand name. Companies such as Whirlpool, Del Monte, and Dial produce private brands of home appliances, pet foods, and soap, correspondingly. Other examples of mixed branding strategy include Michelin, Epson, Microsoft, Gillette, and Toyota. Michelin, one of the largest tire manufacturers allowed Sears, an American retail chain to place their brand name on the tires. Microsoft, a multinational technology company is seriously regarded as a corporate technology brand but it sells its versatile home entertainment hub under the brand Xbox to better align with the new and crazy identity. Gillette catered to females with Gillette for Women which has now become known as Venus. The launch of Venus was conducted in order to fulfil the feminine market of the previously dominating masculine razor industry. Similarly, Toyota, an automobile manufacturer used mixed branding. In the U.S., Toyota was regarded as a valuable car brand being economical, family orientated and known as a vehicle that rarely broke down. But Toyota sought out to fulfil a higher end, expensive market segment, thus they created Lexus, the luxury vehicle division of premium cars.
Attitude branding and iconic brands[edit]
Attitude branding is the choice to represent a larger feeling, which is not necessarily connected with the product or consumption of the product at all. Marketing labeled as attitude branding include that of Nike, Starbucks, The Body Shop, Safeway, and Apple Inc.. In the 2000 book No Logo,[16] Naomi Klein describes attitude branding as a "fetish strategy". Schaefer and Kuehlwein analyzed brands such as Apple, Ben & Jerry's or Chanel describing them as 'Ueber-Brands' - brands that are able to gain and retain "meaning beyond the material."[49][50]

A great brand raises the bar – it adds a greater sense of purpose to the experience, whether it's the challenge to do your best in sports and fitness, or the affirmation that the cup of coffee you're drinking really matters. – Howard Schultz (president, CEO, and chairman of Starbucks)





The color, letter font and style of the Coca-Cola and Diet Coca-Cola logos in English were copied into matching Hebrew logos to maintain brand identity in Israel.


Iconic brands are defined as having aspects that contribute to consumer's self-expression and personal identity. Brands whose value to consumers comes primarily from having identity value are said to be "identity brands". Some of these brands have such a strong identity that they become more or less cultural icons which makes them "iconic brands". Examples are: Apple, Nike, and Harley-Davidson. Many iconic brands include almost ritual-like behaviour in purchasing or consuming the products.
There are four key elements to creating iconic brands (Holt 2004):

"Necessary conditions" – The performance of the product must at least be acceptable, preferably with a reputation of having good quality.
"Myth-making" – A meaningful storytelling fabricated by cultural insiders. These must be seen as legitimate and respected by consumers for stories to be accepted.
"Cultural contradictions" – Some kind of mismatch between prevailing ideology and emergent undercurrents in society. In other words, a difference with the way consumers are and how they wish they were.
"The cultural brand management process" – Actively engaging in the myth-making process in making sure the brand maintains its position as an icon.

Schaefer and Kuehlwein propose the following 'Ueber-Branding' principles. They derived them from studying successful modern Prestige brands and what elevates them above mass competitors and beyond considerations of performance and price (alone) in the minds of consumers:[51]

"Mission Incomparable" - Having a differentiated and meaningful brand purpose beyond 'making money.'[52] Setting rules that follow this purpose - even when it violates the mass marketing mantra of "Consumer is always Boss/right".
"Longing versus Belonging" - Playing with the opposing desires of people for Inclusion on the one hand and Exclusivity on the other.
"Un-Selling" – First and foremost seeking to seduce through pride and provocation, rather than to sell through arguments.[53]
"From Myth To Meaning" - Leveraging the power of myth - 'Ueber-Stories' that have fascinated- and guided humans forever.[54]
"Behold!" - Making product and associated brand rituals reflect the essence of the brand mission and myth. Making it the center of attention, while keeping it fresh.
"Living the Dream" - Living the brand mission as an organization and through its actions. Thus radiating the brand myth from the inside out, consistently and through all brand manifestations. - For "Nothing is as volatile than a dream."[55]
"Growth without End" - Avoiding to be perceived as omnipresent, diluting brand appeal. Instead 'growing with gravitas' by leveraging scarcity/high prices, 'sideways expansion' and other means.[56]

"No-brand" branding[edit]
Recently, a number of companies have successfully pursued "no-brand" strategies by creating packaging that imitates generic brand simplicity. Examples include the Japanese company Muji, which means "No label" in English (from 無印良品 – "Mujirushi Ryohin" – literally, "No brand quality goods"), and the Florida company No-Ad Sunscreen. Although there is a distinct Muji brand, Muji products are not branded. This no-brand strategy means that little is spent on advertisement or classical marketing and Muji's success is attributed to the word-of-mouth, a simple shopping experience and the anti-brand movement.[57][58][59] "No brand" branding may be construed as a type of branding as the product is made conspicuous through the absence of a brand name. "Tapa Amarilla" or "Yellow Cap" in Venezuela during the 1980s is another good example of no-brand strategy. It was simply recognized by the color of the cap of this cleaning products company.
 Derived brands[edit]
In this case the supplier of a key component, used by a number of suppliers of the end-product, may wish to guarantee its own position by promoting that component as a brand in its own right. The most frequently quoted example is Intel, which positions itself in the PC market with the slogan (and sticker) "Intel Inside".
Brand extension and brand dilution[edit]
The existing strong brand name can be used as a vehicle for new or modified products; for example, many fashion and designer companies extended brands into fragrances, shoes and accessories, home textile, home decor, luggage, (sun-) glasses, furniture, hotels, etc.
Mars extended its brand to ice cream, Caterpillar to shoes and watches, Michelin to a restaurant guide, Adidas and Puma to personal hygiene. Dunlop extended its brand from tires to other rubber products such as shoes, golf balls, tennis racquets, and adhesives. Frequently, the product is no different from what else is on the market, except a brand name marking. Brand is product identity.
There is a difference between brand extension and line extension. A line extension is when a current brand name is used to enter a new market segment in the existing product class, with new varieties or flavors or sizes. When Coca-Cola launched "Diet Coke" and "Cherry Coke", they stayed within the originating product category: non-alcoholic carbonated beverages. Procter & Gamble (P&G) did likewise extending its strong lines (such as Fairy Soap) into neighboring products (Fairy Liquid and Fairy Automatic) within the same category, dish washing detergents.
The risk of over-extension is brand dilution where the brand loses its brand associations with a market segment, product area, or quality, price or cachet.[citation needed]
Social media brands[edit]
In 'The Better Mousetrap: Brand Invention in a Media Democracy' (2012), author and brand strategist Simon Pont posits that social media brands may be the most evolved version of the brand form, because they focus not on themselves but on their users. In so doing, social media brands are arguably more charismatic, in that consumers are compelled to spend time with them, because the time spent is in the meeting of fundamental human drivers related to belonging and individualism. "We wear our physical brands like badges, to help define us – but we use our digital brands to help express who we are. They allow us to be, to hold a mirror up to ourselves, and it is clear. We like what we see." [60]
Multi-brands[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (February 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Alternatively, in a market that is fragmented amongst a number of brands a supplier can choose deliberately to launch totally new brands in apparent competition with its own existing strong brand (and often with identical product characteristics); simply to soak up some of the share of the market which will in any case go to minor brands. The rationale is that having 3 out of 12 brands in such a market will give a greater overall share than having 1 out of 10 (even if much of the share of these new brands is taken from the existing one). In its most extreme manifestation, a supplier pioneering a new market which it believes will be particularly attractive may choose immediately to launch a second brand in competition with its first, in order to pre-empt others entering the market. This strategy is widely known as multi-brand strategy.
Individual brand names naturally allow greater flexibility by permitting a variety of different products, of differing quality, to be sold without confusing the consumer's perception of what business the company is in or diluting higher quality products.
Once again, Procter & Gamble is a leading exponent of this philosophy, running as many as ten detergent brands in the US market. This also increases the total number of "facings" it receives on supermarket shelves. Sara Lee, on the other hand, uses it to keep the very different parts of the business separate—from Sara Lee cakes through Kiwi polishes to L'Eggs pantyhose. In the hotel business, Marriott uses the name Fairfield Inns for its budget chain (and Choice Hotels uses Rodeway for its own cheaper hotels).
Cannibalization is a particular problem of a multi-brand strategy approach, in which the new brand takes business away from an established one which the organization also owns. This may be acceptable (indeed to be expected) if there is a net gain overall. Alternatively, it may be the price the organization is willing to pay for shifting its position in the market; the new product being one stage in this process.
Private labels[edit]
Private label brands, also called own brands, or store brands have become popular. Where the retailer has a particularly strong identity (such as Marks & Spencer in the UK clothing sector) this "own brand" may be able to compete against even the strongest brand leaders, and may outperform those products that are not otherwise strongly branded.
Designer Private Labels
A relatively recent innovation in retailing is the introduction of designer private labels. Designer-private labels involve a collaborative contract between a well-known fashion designer and a retailer. Both retailer and designer collaborate to design goods with popular appeal pitched at price points that fit the consumer’s budget. For retail outlets, these types of collaborations give them greater control over the design process as well as access to exclusive store brands that can potentially drive store traffic.
In Australia, for example, the department store, Myer, now offers a range of exclusive designer private labels including Jayson Brundson, Karen Walker, Leona Edmiston, Wayne Cooper, Fleur Wood and ‘L’ for Lisa Ho.[61] Another up-market department store, David Jones, currently offers ‘Collette’ for leading Australian designer, Collette Dinnigan, and has recently announced its intention to extend the number of exclusive designer brands.[62] Target has teamed up with Danii Minogue to produce her “Petites’ range.[63] Specsavers has joined up with Sydney designer, Alex Perry to create an exclusive range of spectacle frames while Big W stocks frames designed by Peter Morrissey.
Individual and organizational brands[edit]
With the development of brand, Branding is no longer limited to a product or service.[64] There are kinds of branding that treat individuals and organizations as the products to be branded. Most NGOs and non-profit organizations carry their brand as a fundraising tool. The purpose of most NGOs is leave social impact so their brand become associated with specific social life matters. Amnesty International, Habitat for Humanity, World Wildlife Fund and AIESEC are among the most recognized brands around the world.[65] NGOs and non-profit organizations moved beyond using their brands for fundraising to express their internal identity and to clarify their social goals and long-term aims. Organizational brands have well determined brand guidlines and logo variables.[66]
Personal branding[edit]
Main article: Personal branding
Employer branding[edit]
Main article: Employer branding
Crowd sourced branding[edit]
These are brands that are created by "the public" for the business, which is opposite to the traditional method where the business create a brand.
Personalised branding[edit]
Many businesses have started to use elements of personalisation in their branding strategies, offering the client or consumer the ability to choose from various brand options or have direct control over the brand. Examples of this include the #ShareACoke campaign by Coca-Cola[citation needed] which printed people's names and place names on their bottles encouraging people. AirBNB has created the facility for users to create their own symbol for the software to replace the brand's mark known as The Bélo.[67]
Nation branding (place branding and public diplomacy)[edit]
Nation branding is a field of theory and practice which aims to measure, build and manage the reputation of countries (closely related to place branding). Some approaches applied, such as an increasing importance on the symbolic value of products, have led countries to emphasise their distinctive characteristics. The branding and image of a nation-state "and the successful transference of this image to its exports – is just as important as what they actually produce and sell."
Destination branding[edit]
Destination branding is the work of cities, states, and other localities to promote to themselves. This work is designed to promote the location to tourists and drive additional revenues into a tax base. These activities are often undertaken by governments, but can also result from the work of community associations. The Destination Marketing Association International is the industry leading organization.
Doppelgänger brand image (DBI)[edit]
A doppelgänger brand image or "DBI" is a disparaging image or story about a brand that it circulated in popular culture. DBI targets tend to be widely known and recognizable brands. The purpose of DBIs is to undermine the positive brand meanings the brand owners are trying to instill through their marketing activities.[68]
The term stems from the combination of the German words doppel (double) and gänger (walker).
Doppelgänger brands are typically created by individuals or groups to express criticism of a brand and its perceived values, through a form of parody, and are typically unflattering in nature.
Due to the ability of Doppelgänger brands to rapidly propagate virally through digital media channels, they can represent a real threat to the equity of the target brand. Sometimes the target organization is forced to address the root concern or to re-position the brand in a way that defuses the criticism.
Examples include:

Joe Chemo campaign organized to criticize the marketing of tobacco products to children and their harmful effects.[69]
Version of the Coca-Cola logo crafted to protest their sponsorship of the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar and associated human rights abuses (see citation for original Reddit thread featuring the image).[70]
Parody of the Pepsi logo as an obese man to highlight the relationship between soft drink consumption and obesity.[71]
The FUH2 campaign protesting the Hummer SUV as a symbol of corporate and consumer irresponsibility toward public safety and the environment.[72]

In the 2006 article "Emotional Branding and the Strategic Value of the Doppelgänger Brand Image", Thompson, Rindfleisch, and Arsel suggest that a doppelgänger brand image can be a benefit to a brand if taken as an early warning sign that the brand is losing emotional authenticity with its market.[68]
See also[edit]


Advertising
Brand ambassador
Brand architecture
Brand engagement
Brand equity
Brand extension
Brand evangelism
Brand loyalty
Brand management
Brand valuation
Co-branding
Employer branding
Green brands
Legal name
List of defunct consumer brands
Marketing
Nation branding
No Logo
Promotion
Rebranding
Terroir
Trademark
Trade name
Umbrella brand
Visual brand language


References[edit]


^ Haigh, Robert (18 February 2014). "Ferrari – The World’s Most Powerful Brand". Brand Finance. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ American Marketing Association Dictionary. Retrieved 2011-06-29. The Marketing Accountability Standards Board (MASB) endorses this definition as part of its ongoing Common Language in Marketing Project.
^ Foundations of Marketing. fahy& jobber. 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g Bhimrao M. Ghodeswar (2008-02-29). "Building brand identity in competitive markets: a conceptual model". Journal of Product & Brand Management. 17 (1): 4–12. ISSN 1061-0421. doi:10.1108/10610420810856468. 
^ a b c d e f Keller, Kevin Lane (1993-01-01). "Conceptualizing, Measuring, and Managing Customer-Based Brand Equity". Journal of Marketing. 57 (1): 1–22. JSTOR 1252054. doi:10.2307/1252054. 
^ ranchhod, 2004
^ Briciu, V.A, and Briciu, A., "A Brief History of Brands and the Evolution of Branding," Bulletin of the Transilvania University of Braşov [Series VII: Social Sciences], Vol. 9 (58) No. 2 2016, p.137 <Online: http://webbut.unitbv.ro/bulletin/Series%20VII/BULETIN%20I/22_Briciu.pdf
^ Sanskrit Epic Mahabharat, Van Parva, p. 3000, Shalok 15–22
^ Johnson, Ken (5 March 2015). "Review: ‘Ennion,’ at the Met, Profiles an Ancient Glassmaker". The New York Times. Retrieved 26 March 2015. 
^ Colapinto, John (3 October 2011). "Famous Names". The New Yorker. Retrieved 9 October 2011. 
^ "(U.S.) Trademark History Timeline". Lib.utexas.edu. Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ Jstor.org
^ Hibbert, Colette (2008-01-10). "Golden celebration for 'oldest brand'". BBC News UK. 
^ Maverick, L. A. (Jan 1942). "The Term "Maverick," Applied to Unbranded Cattle". California Folklore Quarterly. Western States Folklore Society. 1 (1): 94–96. JSTOR 1495731. doi:10.2307/1495731. 
^ Mildred Pierce, Newmediagroup.co.uk Archived December 6, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d [page needed] Klein, Naomi (2000) No logo, Canada: Random House, ISBN 0-676-97282-9
^ "Brand Recognition Definition". Investopedia. 2013-04-19. Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ http://przemekkowal.com
^ a b c d e f g h i Kotler,, Philip (2009). Principles of marketing. Pearson Education Australia. ISBN 9781442500419. 
^ Compare: Franzen, Giep; Moriarty, Sandra E. (2015-02-12) [2009]. "1: The Brand as a System". The Science and Art of Branding. London: Routledge (published 2015). p. 19. ISBN 9781317454670. Retrieved 2016-08-16. This deeper meaning, the core values, character, or essence of a brand, is what Upshaw (1995) refers to when they use the term brand identity. However, that expansion of the meaning of brand identity causes some confusion because it overlaps with other common branding terms, such as brand image, brand personality, and brand meaning. [...] Brand identity and brand image are only two of the buzz words that are used and confused by brand experts and brand managers. 
^ a b c Madhavaram, Sreedhar; Badrinarayanan, Vishag; McDonald, Robert E. (2005-12-01). "INTEGRATED MARKETING COMMUNICATION (IMC) AND BRAND IDENTITY AS CRITICAL COMPONENTS OF BRAND EQUITY STRATEGY: A Conceptual Framework and Research Propositions". Journal of Advertising. 34 (4): 69–80. ISSN 0091-3367. doi:10.1080/00913367.2005.10639213. 
^ Tan, Donald (2010). "Success Factors In Establishing Your Brand" Franchising and Licensing Association. Retrieved from http://www.flasingapore.org/info_branding.php
^ a b c d e Chitty, Williams (2005). integrated marketing communications. Thomson. ISBN 0 17 012008 2. 
^ a b c Percy, Larry; Rossiter, John R. (1992). "A model of brand awareness and brand attitude advertising strategies". Psychology and Marketing. 9 (4): 263. doi:10.1002/mar.4220090402. 
^ a b Macdonald, Emma K; Sharp, Byron M (2000-04-01). "Brand Awareness Effects on Consumer Decision Making for a Common, Repeat Purchase Product:: A Replication". Journal of Business Research. 48 (1): 5–15. doi:10.1016/S0148-2963(98)00070-8. 
^ Robert Pearce. "Beyond Name and Logo: Other Elements of Your Brand « Merriam Associates, Inc. Brand Strategies". Merriamassociates.com. Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ http://www.adweek.com/news/advertising-branding/how-tiffany-s-iconic-box-became-world-s-most-popular-package-160228
^ Shirazi A, Lorestani HZ, Mazidi AK. Investigating the effects of brand identity on customer loyalty from social identity perspective. Iranian Journal of Management Studies. 2013;6(2):153-78.
^ a b Belch, G .E (2012). Advertising and promotion: an integrated marketing communications perspective. New York, NY United States of America: McGrawHill Irwin. 
^ a b Dahlen M, Lange F, Smith T. Marketing communications: A brand narrative approach. West Sussex, UK: John Wiley & Sons; 2010.
^ a b c Shimp TA. Integrated marketing communications in advertising and promotion. 8 ed. Mason, OH United States of America: South Western, Cengage Learning; 2009.
^ Uzunolu, E. and Kip, S.M., 2014. Brand communication through digital influencers: Leveraging blogger engagement. International Journal of Information Management, [online] 34(5), pp.592–602. Available at: <http://linkinghub.elsevier.com/retrieve/pii/S0268401214000450> [Accessed 21 Feb. 2015]
^ Kim, E., Sung, Y. and Kang, H., 2014. Brand followers' retweeting behavior on Twitter: How brand relationships influence brand electronic word-of-mouth. Computers in Human Behavior, 37, pp.18–25
^ .McKee, S., 2014. Branding Made Simple. [online] Bloomberg Business. Available at: <http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2014-10-13/branding-made-simple> [Accessed 6 Feb. 2015]
^ a b Riefler, P., 2012. Why consumers do (not) like global brands: The role of globalization attitude, GCO and global brand origin. International Journal of Research in Marketing, 29(1), pp.25–34
^ Sappington, D.E.M. and Wernerfelt, B., 1985. To Brand or Not to Brand? A Theoretical and Empirical Question. The Journal of Business, [online] 58(3), p.279. Available at: <http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/doi/abs/10.1086/296297> [Accessed 17 Apr. 2015]
^ Anon., 2009. Idea Branding. [online] The Economist. Available at: <http://www.economist.com/node/14126533> [Accessed 1 Feb. 2015]
^ Schmitt, B., 2012. The consumer psychology of brands. Journal of Consumer Psychology, [online] 22(1), pp.7–17. Available at: <http://linkinghub.elsevier.com/retrieve/pii/S1057740811001008> [Accessed 1 Feb. 2015]
^ Anon., 2007. Sensory branding Sound effects. [online] The Economist. Available at: <http://www.economist.com/node/9079881> [Accessed 5 Feb. 2015]
^ "MerriamAssociates.com". MerriamAssociates.com. 2012-11-15. Archived from the original on 2009-08-22. Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ http://product.okfn.org
^ a b Neumeier, Marty (2004), The Dictionary of Brand. ISBN 1-884081-06-1, pp.20
^ O'Connor, Z. "Logo colour and differentiation: A new application of environmental colour mapping". Color Research & Application, 36 (1), pp. 55–60. Also available from Colour & Design Research. 
^ Paul S. Richardson, Alan S. Dick and Arun K. Jain "Extrinsic and Intrinsic Cue Effects on Perceptions of Store Brand Quality", Journal of Marketing October 1994 pp. 28-36
^ Bianca (2010-12-10). "Wikileaks, Hacktivism and Brands as Political Symbols « Merriam Associates, Inc. Brand Strategies". Merriamassociates.com. Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ Giesler, Markus (2012), "How Doppelgänger Brand Images Influence the Market Creation Process: Longitudinal Insights from the Rise of Botox Cosmetic," Journal of Marketing, November 2012.
^ "General Motors: A Reorganized Brand Architecture for a Reorganized Company « Merriam Associates, Inc. Brand Strategies". Merriamassociates.com. 2010-11-22. Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ Nisha Roy (nisharoy) – Pearltrees. "Brand Architecture: Strategic Considerations « Merriam Associates, Inc. Brand Strategies". Merriamassociates.com. Archived from the original on 2013-05-20. Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ Schaefer, Wolf and Kuehlwein, JP. 2015. Rethinking Prestige Branding - Secrets of the Ueber-Brands. Kogan Page. p.17. ISBN 9780749470036
^ Mathur, Sarita, Kuehlwein, JP and Schaefer, Wolf. Ueber-Brands- How to make you brand priceless. Asia Management Insights, Singapore Management University. vol.3 2016
^ Schaefer, Wolf and Kuehlwein, JP. 2015. Rethinking Prestige Branding - Secrets of the Ueber-Brands. Kogan Page. ISBN 9780749470036
^ Kuehlwein, JP and Schaefer, Wolf. How modern prestige brands create meaning through mission and myth. Journal of Brand Strategy. Henry Stewart Publications. Vol.5 Nr.4. Spring 2017. ISSN 2025-855X
^ Kuehlwein, JP. Un-Sell To Seduce... and be thanked with a premium. www.ueberbrands.com 12/2015
^ Kuehlwein, JP and Schaefer, Wolf. Myth Making - The Holy Grail Of Today's Ueber-Brands. Marketing Review St.Gallen. pp.64ff. 1/2016
^ Schaefer, Wolf and Kuehlwein, JP. 2015. Rethinking Prestige Branding - Secrets of the Ueber-Brands. Kogan Page. p.174. ISBN 9780749470036
^ Kuehlwein, JP. How Premium Brands Grow Without Losing Their Glow. www.ueberbrands.com 02/2013
^ "Muji brand strategy, Muji branding, no name brand". VentureRepublic. Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ Matt Heig, Brand Royalty: How the World's Top 100 Brands Thrive and Survive, pg.216
^ EMEASEE.com[permanent dead link]
^ [1], 'The Better Mousetrap: Brand Invention in a Media Democracy' (2013) Simon Pont. Kogan Page. ISBN 978-0749466213
^ Schetzer, A., "Private Labels in Designer Sheep's Clothing, Sydney Morning Herald, 7 September 2014 Online:http://www.smh.com.au/business/private-labels-in-designer-sheeps-clothing-20140925-10ilia.html
^ Roy Morgan Research,"Private Label Could be the New Black" Research Finding no. 5613, [Media Release] May, 2014 Online: http://roymorgan.com.au/findings/5613-private-label-could-be-new-black-201405292337
^ Roy Morgan Research, "Target On Target for New Era Women's Fashion," Research Finding, no. 5756, August, 2014 Online: http://roymorgan.com.au/findings/5756-target-on-target-for-new-era-womens-fashion-201408260520
^ "Is Your Personal Brand Working For or Against You?". The Wall Street Journal. 2014-12-16. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "The Role of Brand in the Nonprofit Sector (SSIR)". ssir.org. Retrieved 2017-06-07. 
^ "AIESEC BLUE BOOK Brand Toolkit" (PDF). 
^ "Airbnb says its new logo belongs to everyone". Archived from the original on September 21, 2014. 
^ a b Thompson, Craig J.; Rindfleisch, Aric; Arsel, Zeynep (2006-01-01). "Emotional Branding and the Strategic Value of the Doppelgänger Brand Image". Journal of Marketing. 70 (1): 50–64. ISSN 0022-2429. doi:10.1509/jmkg.2006.70.1.50. 
^ "Joe Chemo: A Camel Who Wishes He'd Never Smoked". www.joechemo.org. Retrieved 2015-09-10. 
^ "Coke's slogan is "Share Happiness". So I made an ad to remind them of the kind of happiness they're sharing in Qatar. • /r/sports". reddit. Retrieved 2015-09-10. 
^ "Designer Makes Fun Of Pepsi, Turns Its Logo Into A Fat Man - DesignTAXI.com". designtaxi.com. Retrieved 2015-09-10. 
^ "FUH2 | Fuck You And Your H2". www.fuh2.com. Archived from the original on 2016-03-19. Retrieved 2015-09-10. CS1 maint: Unfit url (link)


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Brands.





The Wikibook Marketing has a page on the topic of: Marketing








v
t
e


Media manipulation



Context



Bias
Crowd psychology
Deception
Dumbing down
False balance
Half-truths
Machiavellianism
Media
Obfuscation
Orwellian
Persuasion
Psychological manipulation





Activism



Alternative media
Boycott
Civil disobedience
Culture jamming
Demonstrations
Guerrilla communication
Hacktivism
Internet
Media
Occupations
Petitions
Protests
Youth





Advertising



Billboards
False
Infomercials
Mobiles
Modeling
Radio
Sex
Slogans
Testimonials
TV








Censorship
Regulation






Books
Broadcast law
Burying of scholars
Cover-ups
Corporate
Euphemism
Films
Historical revisionism
Internet
Political
Religious
Self





Hoaxing



Alternative facts
April Fools'
Fakelore
Fake news website
Fictitious entries
Forgery
Gaslighting
List
Literary
Racial
Urban legend
Virus





Marketing



Branding
Loyalty
Product
Product placement
Publicity
Research
Word of mouth





News media



Agenda-setting
Broadcasting
Circus
Cycle
False balance
Fox News
MSNBC
CNN
Huffington Post
Infotainment
Managing
Narcotizing dysfunction
Newspeak
Pseudo-event
Scrum
Sensationalism
Tabloid journalism





Political campaigning



Advertising
Astroturfing
Attack ad
Canvassing
Character assassination
Charm offensive
Dog-whistle politics
Election promises
Lawn signs
Manifestos
Name recognition
Negative
Push polling
Smear campaign
Wedge issue





Propaganda



Bandwagon
Crowd manipulation
Disinformation
Fearmongering
Framing
Indoctrination
Loaded language
Lying press
National mythology
Techniques





Psychological warfare



Airborne leaflets
False flag
Fifth column
Information (IT)
Lawfare
Political
Public diplomacy
Sedition
Subversion





Public relations



Cult of personality
Doublespeak
Non-apology apology
Reputation management
Slogans
Sound bites
Spin
Transfer
Understatement
Weasel words





Sales



Cold calling
Door-to-door
Phone
Pricing
Product demonstrations
Promotional merchandise
Promotion










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Brand&oldid=790854200"					
Categories: Brand managementBrandsCommunication designGraphic designIntangible assetsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia articles needing page number citations from September 2010Articles with invalid ISSNsAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksCS1 maint: Unfit urlArticles to be merged from June 2017All articles to be mergedArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from October 2013All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2014All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from August 2016Wikipedia articles needing clarification from August 2016Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from August 2016Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from August 2016All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from August 2016Articles with unsourced statements from November 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from November 2015Articles with unsourced statements from August 2015Articles with unsourced statements from February 2012Articles needing additional references from February 2016All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from September 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàCebuanoČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLatviešuLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംBahasa Melayu日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 15:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















How to Name a Product - 10 Tips for Product Naming Success






















 

































AYTM BLOGS

AYTM Company NewsMarket PulseResearch Junction 





































GET INSTANTSURVEY QUOTE



Subscribe:



Related Posts:

What’s the best possible package combination I can create? – Conjoint


FiftyThree’s Paper app optimized for iPhone


How Brand and Product Research Can Help the Naming Process


How to Name a Brand or Product: Essential Market Research Steps


How to Name a Brand in 10 Steps





How to Name a Product – 10 Tips for Product Naming Success

Posted by
Susan Gunelius 

It’s not easy to name a product. Just as you learned in my previous post about how to name a brand (follow the link to read it if you missed it), you need to do your research, planning, and brainstorming first. My next post will cover all of the research aspects of brand and product naming. First, I’m going to share a variety of tips that brand and product naming experts use to help jumpstart creative thinking.



Branding questions? 
Create a new market research study, and get the valuable answers you need. As a market research company, we at AYTM are here to help you quickly and easily test brand ideas for your new company, product, service, or academic project.  Learn more

 
When you need to name a product, not just any name will do. Your product name needs to fit within your broader brand name umbrella while telling its own unique story to consumers. It needs to be memorable, findable (particularly on search engines), unique, understandable, and relevant.
Follow the 10 tips below to make your efforts to name a product more efficient, effective, and creative. Keep in mind, these tips also apply to naming a brand.
1. Be Descriptive
The first place most people start when they have to name a product is to simply create a name that describes what the product does. Microsoft’s Internet Explorer product is a perfect example of a descriptive name. Consumers use it to explore the Internet. It can’t get more descriptive than that!
2. Use Real Words with a Twist
Words don’t have to be used literally in product. They can be suggestive like Ford’s Mustang (it’s fast and sleek) or Ford’s Expedition (it’s built for adventure).
3. Add a Prefix or Suffix
You can turn a common word into a product name simply by adding a prefix or suffix to it. Apple uses this product naming technique all the time with the iPhone, iPad, and iPod offering perfect examples.
4. Create a Compound Word
Since so many brand and product names are already trademarked and the associated domain names have already been registered, it’s very common these days for product names to be compound words made by putting two words together to form an entirely new brand or product name. PhotoShop, TurboTax, and Stickups are great examples.
5. Make up a Word
One way to ensure your product name is unique is to make up a word. Gatorade, Fritos, Doritos, and Tostitos are popular examples.
6. Change Spellings
Products like Trix, Kix, Fantastik, and Liquid-Plumr use real words that are misspelled. It’s creative and helps when the name you want is already trademarked or the related domain names are already taken.
7. Tweak and Blend Words
When a single word or a compound word won’t do, you can tweak and blend words to create a brand or product name. For example, Nyquil is a tweak and blend of night and tranquil.  Pictionary is a tweak and blend of picture and dictionary.
8. Use a Place or Person’s Name
The Clark Bar was named after its creator, David L. Clark. The George Foreman Grill was named after its celebrity endorser. However, use caution when including a place or person’s name in your product name. A day may come when you want to expand out of that geographic area or the person whose name you used in the product name might leave to work for a competitor or in another industry. Make sure your product name can withstand these types of changes.
9. Create an Acronym or Use Initials or Numbers
Acronyms and initials are short, but they don’t say much on their own. Therefore, you need to exercise caution when you use an acronym or initials in your product name. It typically takes longer to develop brand recognition and comprehension with a name filled with numbers and letters that is difficult to remember. However, many companies have achieved great success in launching products with names that use numbers and letters. Honda’s CRV, Toyota’s Rav4, and even Formula 409 are examples of how this naming technique can work.
10. Use a Verb
You can use a verb as your product name (like Bounce dryer sheets or Apple’s iPod Shuffle) or you can turn a word used in your product name into a verb. For example, the Skype application name has turned into a verb over the years. Today, it’s common to say, “Skype me later and we’ll talk.” The Swiffer product name is also used as a verb sometimes. It’s not uncommon for a Swiffer user to say, “Look at that dust! I have to Swiffer that.”
As you can see, it’s okay to get creative when you name a product. As long as consumers are willing to accept the message and promise that your product name communicates, then you’re on the path to success. That’s why it’s so important that you follow the 10 steps to name a brand (or product) that I provided in my previous post here on the AYTM blog. When you combine those steps with the 10 tips above, you can confidently name a product or brand. For more timeless brand and product naming tips, read 33 Tips and Tactics for Generating Names from Devon Thomas Treadwell on Branding Strategy Insider.
Stay tuned for my upcoming post that will dive into more detail about the research that goes into identifying, testing, and monitoring a brand or product name.


Still confused about how to brand your idea?
Create a new market research study right now on our Target Market page to test your concept(s). If you have any questions about how to construct your study, email support@aytm.com or call us at +1 (415) 364-8601 (8am-6pm Pacific Time).

 
Images: srioj, Air Wick, Milton Bradley




 

ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Susan Gunelius
Susan Gunelius brings over 20-year of marketing and branding experience as Contributing Editor for the AYTM.com blog. She is the author of numerous books about marketing, branding and social media, and her marketing-related articles appear on top media websites such as Entrepreneur.com and Forbes.com.


									View all posts by Susan Gunelius								









Anonymous



I think having your brand name become a verb is a great indicator of real
 success. If your product name can make its way into day-to-day
language, you know you’ve truly made an impact on your target market. On
 a similar note, if your brand name can become the all-purpose term,
even for competitor’s or off-brand versions of your product – like
Kleenex.






Ravi



Can you help me with a good name for a laptop backpack.. Its my own brand.








Grady Jessup



I’m curious how long names like George Forman and Michael Jordan will be synonymous with the products that bare their names. Through how many more generations will these carry resonance? No doubt these associations helped sell a number of products, but what does the future hold for them?






Syg



Carolina Herrera, Yves Saint Laurent






Ana7



Hello do you have any suggestions for best companies that provide patant 








cscullin



What are your thoughts on naming an Improved formulation of a current product? Is it best to stick with the branded name and just highlight improvements on the label?






Shailesh Singh



minral water product name






andre



Just Pure… Just H2o






Shanker Sharma



JAL








Rocky



suggest me name for pregenency test kit






Sam



knocked up








Ritesh Thawait



suggest me for iron syp name






ravi



suggest me a name for my new retail  software. pls its urjent






Shanker Sharma



DISHA








Pugs



I see your saying number one be very descriptive ,but when it comes to naming your product and getting a trademark on it I’m being told you can’t be descriptive from my lawyer why is this ??






ELMIRA



would you please tell me what does “for” in product’s name mean? ”
such as EAST FOR APPLE”






ajay



pls suggest me a name for my  builders hardware product






Shanker Sharma



BIG BOYS TOOLS FOR YOUR COMPANY NAME






Shanker Sharma



FOR MORE CREATIVE IDEAS AND SUGGESTION DROP ME A MAIL AT SHARMA_SHANKER@YAHOO.CO.IN










fag



hey man yall sell laptops?






Shanker Sharma



LAIRIS






Syed Abdul Rahim



La-Iris seems to be a good name, which might mean La = No, Iris = Related to eye / sight, i.e., not just for seeing








Hasnain Zabihullah



hi all here,
I am developing a Hospital Management Software and want you to suggest a name for it.
Thanks.






Naren Singh



dear, i start electrical product manufacturing , please suggest good brand name that start with  P letter






Alpmitshah4545 @gmail.com



Please suggested  my creat handwash procdect name






Alpmitshah4545 @gmail.com



Please suggested my crest handwash procdect name








alpha ulm



I have a patent on a dry eye relief mask that treats dry eyes…However, I can’t come up with a unique name. Can someone help me? It will be on the market soon. Send answer to Thealphaeye@charter.net






Amy Deng



We would like to name our new dry herb vaporizer ,do you guys have good idea ?






Rolling Names



Great article! A name should be unique, catchy, simple and powerful.






Mahmudul Hassan



Hair Extension






Mahmudul Hassan



Hair Extension product name






Tammy



Article was great.  I don’t know if this is the place to ask, but I’d like help in the naming of 6 products. Where can I find this sort of help?






Astrid Phillips Mayer



Hi Tammy, thanks for reaching out! You can create a new market research study right now on our Target Market page (https://aytm.com/target-markets/new#/) to test the name ideas you already have for your six products. If you have any questions about how to construct your study, email support@aytm.com or call us at +1 (415) 364-8601 (8am-6pm Pacific Time). Thanks again!








Henrique Schreiner



Nice article!






tarun



i want to launch a umbrella product ,what would u like to suggest a name for my brand
kindly ,waiting for your reply
thanks.






crissyboo



Neverwet








Ayub Sherasiya



I want to launch edible oil product. So, please guys suggest me name for that.






Patrick Hallett-Morley



YumOil






Ayub Sherasiya



Thanks for your suggestion










SANIL



HI I AM LOOKING FOR A STATIONERY BRAND NAME – OFFICE / SCHOOL & HOME






Chakry



Hi I’m looking for a trendy name for my Reporting & Visualizing tool ..Kindly give suggestions






Bella Swan



The article was great! I’d like help in naming a product. Actually we have a project in which we have to select a product and do marketing. I have chosen nail polish so i need some names which i can promote them with. It should not be similar to what is already taken like Dior,Chanel etc






Psyllakis



Thanks!






bur



This was awesome!!!
😀
😛


















How It Works

Solutions

Pricing




Our Panels

Tutorials

Contact Us




Blog

Privacy

TOS




About

FAQ

Buzz









© 2017, Umongous, Inc. All rights reserved.





 






















Business Name Generator | Ideas For Company Names & Products






















LOGIN |		  SIGN UP 











   


Get A Name 
Naming 101
Blog
Help











Freelancers Submit Business Name Ideas, Product Names and More, Competing For One Set Price. Start A Name Contest Now.
















Your Business Name Generator For Business Names, Naming A Product and More!
Have talented name generator writers compete to create your new name. From business name ideas to boat name ideas, you can start a crowdsource naming contest in minutes!
It's the ultimate business name generator for business names and product names. More business name ideas. Quicker turnaround. Lower cost. Ad agencies can't come close. Clever business names and product names help you stand out. Launch your name crowdsourcing contest now!

Start Naming Contest




Featured By










 
















1. Start A Contest
Tell us your needs. Set your price






2. Great Names Pour In
Dozens of writers submit their best work







3. Choose Your Winner
Rank the entries. Select the best Nam














Some recent name ideas from our writers...


CLIENT
NEED
WINNING NAME


 Satellite Company 
 Name for a service providing satellite images used in court cases. 
 Skywitness™


 Healthcare Company 
 Name for website that facilitates national immunization programs. 
 VacciNation™ 


 Video Streaming Service 
 New Company Name. 
 InstaFlix™ 


 Moving & Storage Company 
 Company Name. 
 MoveBright™ 


 Independent Food Manufacturer
 New Product Name for orange-flavored s'mores. 
 S'moranges™ 


 Independent Film Studio 
 Movie title for slasher-film about ex-wives getting revenge on cheating husbands. 
 Exes With Axes™ 


 Popular Restaurant Franchise 
 Name for breakfast entr?e served without sausage. 
 The Missing Link™ 


 Web-based business allowing individuals to buy cars with group buying power 
 Name for breakfast entr?e served without sausage. 
 Carmada™ 


 Boat Owners 
 Name for a yacht bought by an entire family after they sold the family business and started living the good life. 
 Mast Exodus 


 Greeting Card Company Making Golf-Themed Greeting Cards 
 Company Name. 
 Dog Leg Cards™ 


Business Name Generator
If you're looking for unique  business names, we're the ideal company name generator, product name  generator and more.  Great business names and business name writers are  hard to find, so rely on us for crowd sourcing name contests.  We're the  best name generator for restaurant names, tech company names, even  domain name ideas.  Whether it's a boat naming contest or naming ideas  for products, we can help.   Get ad agency quality name ideas fast, for  less money and with more options.  Our professional name generator  writers are waiting. Crowd source your new name contest today! There's  no better business name generator!
Product Name Generator
Creative names can help you  stand out and set the tone of your entire organization. The best name  ideas can even inspire action. Fortunately, finding business name  options, product name ideas, even choosing a boat name has never been  easier. With Name My Blank, you can start a contest for business names,  product names and more in minutes.  Simply fill out a naming contest  questionnaire, pay the small entry free and your contest is instantly  emailed to talented naming writers. Whether you need help naming an app,  naming a spa or naming an event, clever name ideas are just a  proverbial click away!
Get Ideas For Business Names Today
Start here now!















How to Name a Product - Do This, Avoid That | Copywriting For Start-ups And Marketers

































































 












superhuman marketer in the making? you're in the right place. 






 









 



 












 

 



 









 




 
 


New here?

Copy courses
Copy tutorials
Testimonials
21-day launch plan
Find a copywriter


Copywriting
Growth Marketing
Freelancing













Joanna Wiebe
copyhackers

7 Comments8 Min Read




Growth Marketing
How to Name a Product – Do This, Avoid That  
The name you give your product, service or company today is going to stick with it.
Much the same the way that “Joanna Banana” and “Dweeb Wiebe” have stuck with me.
(Yes, I realize putting “Dweeb Wiebe” out there may not be helping the cause to wipe it from the face of the earth.)
We all know that names stick around.
Bad or good.
And, in most cases for most startups, we immediately think of longevity as soon as we consider naming our businesses and our products.
Will the name stick? Will people like the sound of it in 2 years? Will it continue to describe what we do and offer? Will it be outdated like MySpace tomorrow?
Longevity. Stickiness.
Those are good qualities for names. Great qualities! Fan-freakin’-tastic qualities!!!
But what about all the OTHER things you should be thinking about when naming?
The list of what to do – and what to avoid doing – when it comes to naming isn’t uber-long… but it’s definitely worth reading as you:

Name a product or company
Rebrand
Optimize your product names

But before we get into ye olde list, first things first! We’ve got to think about the entity we’re naming, so…:
Ask Yourself These Questions Before You Tattoo “ZeebleDoDo.com” on Your Arm
What follows here is a list of REAL questions from a REAL brief a REAL creative agency would send to you before they started working on naming your product.
Let me repeat because I know you like the sound of my nagging voice: This is not just a checklist on a blog post – so be a good copy hacker and read this then act on your answers to these Qs.

Am I naming a product or a company?
Products can be discontinued or sunsetted down the road. And digital products – which don’t normally have packaging – can have their names switched with ease. But company names are the foundation of both your brand and your future earnings.

~

Should the name be long or short? What’s the character limit?
If this product is going to be listed in a catalog online, you will likely have a character limit. Few names on software catalogs wrap. And consider the digital side of your product marketing! If you’re writing about the product in a subject line, you don’t want it to be 25 characters in length – ‘cos your subject line should be 50 characters or fewer. (Yes, that rule still applies.) Know your limit; name within it.

~

What is the purpose of the product I’m naming? What is its value?
If you’ve got a brand new offering with no competitors, as with inventions, you may want to opt for a more descriptive name. If you’re entering a space with lots of competitors, you may want to keep your USP front-of-mind when naming; think FreshBooks vs. QuickBooks.

~

Who is my target audience? Who is most likely to see the name and buy?
What’s more important when naming than the audience that’s looking to buy your solution? Don’t ask them what to name it. But DO ask them other questions in surveys, like Ruben Gamez did. (He went from the names “Basic” and “Premium” for his products… to the names “Freelance”, “Studio” and “Agency” – all based on what his users told him in a survey!)

~

How does my target audience talk? What is their education and reading level? What are the names of products they buy and love?
I’m thinking “OMGfacts” here. Need I say more?

~

Would my audience be more receptive to a real word or a brand spankin’ new word that I make up?
Graduate students may expect a name that’s more X, and tweens may expect a name that’s more Y, and tweens who are planning to go to grad school may expect a name that’s more Z.

~


Should the name evoke some sort of emotion?–is emotion important to converting people?
Huggies comes to mind. It’s a freakin’ diaper… but the name doesn’t sound like that’s all it’s about.

~

Should the name consider gender?
This could be important if you’re introducing a product that is well-known as serving one gender to the other gender. Like undereye cream for men.

~

In what channels will it be used? Only on my site… or in print materials, in packaging, on T-shirts, on TV commercials, on the radio?
When designers create logos, they think about how it will look when stitched on a hat and when displayed online. You, as a copy hacker, need to think about the words – particularly the sound of the words. The pronunciation. Is it easy to pronounce? Easy to repeat? Or is it a tongue-twister waiting to happen?

~

Will people outside my country see it?
Globalization, folks! If it can be found and bought online, chances are good people from Egypt, Korea, Scotland and the Ukraine will see it. They could be customers (in some cases, like digital products). So, what might your product name mean in their language and unique cultural context? I was once naming a product for banks in India, and I recommended “MoMo”… which I quickly learned is some kind of dumpling. The banks did not want to be associated with a dumpling. So that was the end of that.

~

If there’s a larger family of product names, what common thread runs through those? Am I willing to change all the names, or should the name instead fit the family?
Once Apple named the iPod, the rest of the family that followed it had to lead with the “i”. Including the iPad (of course). Interesting fact: before the iPad was launched, naming guru Hayes Roth of Landor noted that there was concern it sounded too much like a feminine hygiene product. Once the product launched, it never came up again. Read more about this on The Atlantic

~

Are there competitors in this category with names I should be considering, whether I’m planning on steering clear of those names or copying ’em?
If you’re naming a car, you might not want to start it with an “F” unless you’re naming a card for Ford — Fusion, F-150 and Focus. On the other hand, if you’re naming a car and you want it to be considered in the league of BMW, you may want to number the car and the others in the family.

~

Does traffic generation matter a lot to me?
An often-overlooked way to arrive at a name is by doing some keyword research. After all, when your product’s name appears on your site – and it normally appears in numerous places – that’s an organic keyword. Consider keywords – like “Free Invoicing” and “Universal Phone Charger” – when taking a more literal spin with your naming.

May seem like a lot of questions.
But I’d put money on the likelihood of most people – including you – actually thinking about this stuff when it comes time to name something in business. You just don’t write the questions down as I have above.
Assess Your Shortlist of Product Names
Once you’ve brainstormed using the above list, name ideas may start popping into your head. Write them all down. This could mean writing down 100s.
Trust me: agencies go through HUNDREDS of names in this process.
Your startup should do the same.
When you’ve whittled down your list, assess the shortlist against these questions:

Is it easy to remember?
Is it easy to understand?
Is it easy to pronounce?
Is it accessible to my target audience? (That is, do they need to have special knowledge they don’t have to ‘translate’ it and understand. Think Google, Nike and Kijiji.)
Is it trademarked or copyrighted?
Is the domain name available?
Are there any negative connotations or associations with it?

Choosing Your Name: What to Do… and What to Avoid
WHAT TO DO

Be more memorable with alliteration, like PayPal and Lincoln Logs
Keep it short
Make sure it’s easy to pronounce
Make sure that, when you pronounce it, it doesn’t sound like something else
Make sure that, when it’s written in a domain name as 1 word, it doesn’t look like something else
Test the name in context – like on your website “Plans & Pricing” page
Consider how a tagline might fit with it (and remember that abstract names often require descriptive tags)

 
WHAT TO AVOID

Generic, soulless names
Proving how clever you are – “clear” is still a great copy strategy in naming!
Knocking off the competition / Playing the copycat
Asking people explicitly for feedback on your name – especially whether they “like it” or not
Using literal or highly descriptive phrases/words your competitors can imitate
Words that are commonly misspelled (e.g., “public” often loses its “l” – I’m not kidding… I’ve seen this 2x in publications recently)

As a final thought today, consider this: over 260,000 trademark applications were filed in the United States in 2003 and over 98 percent of the dictionary is registered as a “dot com.”
Moral of the story: naming is hard!
But when you put in the time upfront – without losing your passion, vision and creativity – you can land on a cool name… which you can then test with customers by scoring memorability, suitability and neg/pos associations. Fun!

 


You may also like







36 Facebook Ad Hacks (for when you’re fresh outta ideas but desperate for brag-worthy CTRs)
Karola Karlson8 Comments21 Min Read


 


About the authorView All Posts


 

Joanna Wiebe
Joanna Wiebe - Copywriter and author of "Copy Hackers"









NamingServices



What a great post ..well done joanna…Naming A product should be like love at first …its make great impression on the product  for the peoples. contact our  Product Naming Company  to get some advice on how to name your product






Rolling Names



Great article Joanna






Justin March



What a fantastic article Joanna, well done.
I somewhat agree with Jim “if you don’t make any huge mistakes, your reputation for providing value is far more important.” A real revelation for me was when I read Positioning: The Battle for Your Mind by Al Reis.
My feeling is that your brand is the foundation on which your marketing plan sits, your name is secondary to your brand but they are still obviously connected. 
I don’t believe that anyone gets it 100% right and there are other constraints as well, which domains are available, whats your budget.
Sorting out a name is therefore a tough thing to do, naming is hard, I think that the secret lies in positioning, if you position your brand correctly often you are treading new ground and are more likely to avoid trademark issues and domain name scarcity.






Jim Gray



Great analysis of a tricky and often stressful topic.
Domain names & Google-ability add a twist. Say I register “fooapp.com” for a single-product business. Are people going to call me “foo” or “fooapp” in conversation? If I use a business name distinct from the product name (foo by bar @ fooapp.com) will people recognize “bar” or just “foo” if the business expands in the future? If people search for “foo” or “bar” by name, will it automatically rank fooapp.com first on Google, or will there be collisions with other names?
But I think the biggest rule of naming is, “if you don’t make any huge mistakes, your reputation for providing value is far more important.” What’s a Ford or a Disney or a Xerox anyway? These names are already good by Joanna’s criteria, but we know them because their owners built things and brought them to market. If you’re pre-product, don’t obsess over naming for too long. Maybe even put it off by picking a provisional name, then come back once you have a firmer grasp on the personality of your brand and a better understanding of your market.






Joanna Wiebe



I can’t agree more with you on the “don’t obsess over naming” part. Although a name can help shape a brand’s personality and even the direction of the product… that might be a bad thing in your earliest stages. It’s like allowing a baby to name itself (if babies could talk): you don’t even know who you are yet or what you stand for! So start with something, but be flexible enough that you’re okay with changing it, even just a little, when you get a stronger sense of your brand values and your position.








Lucy



Everything is very open with a very clear description of the challenges.
It was really informative. Your website is extremely
helpful. Thanks for sharing!






Joanna



Thanks! Glad to hear it. 🙂















Share This!

 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 






 




 
Come see Jo talk copy & content in 2017 Business of Software
September 18 to 20 in Boston, MA
Converted
Oct 17 & 18 in Minneapolis, MN
Content Jam
November 1 & 2 in Chicago, IL

 



We built a million-dollar business on blogging



Amazing blog posts build businesses and print money. Now Copy Hackers is teaching indies and teams to write kick-ass posts in half the time. Get notified when we're live.




Gotcha! Pop over to your inbox and click to confirm you'd like to hear from us. (You'll see an email from Jo at Copy Hackers.)







There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again.



First name



Email address



We use this field to detect spam bots. If you fill this in, you will be marked as a spammer.



        Teach me to write posts
      

        Unsubscribe anytime. 100% privacy.
          Powered by ConvertKit






 










































Business Name Generator - Free Company Name Generator


























































Email address




Password




Your store name



















Create your store











Free tools
Business name generator
Generate business names and check domain availability instantly
Find a business name





Enter a word that you want your business name to include


QueryGenerate namesPlease don't infringe on other brands' trademarks with this tool







  
Search
Use Shopify's business name generator to search for business names and check domain availability instantly.

 


  
Choose
Get the domain name that fits your business and your personality (before someone else does).

 


  
Sell
Start your free 14-day trial. Once you've uploaded your product, you'll have everything you need to start selling.

 







Name your business in 10 seconds or less


Did you get beaten to the punch?
It happens all the time: you come up with a whole list of creative
business name ideas, then hit the web to buy the domains you want.
And they’re all taken!
Catchy company names – good ones – go quickly because they’re in
high demand worldwide. Happily, you have a lot of play room in choosing
a business name. It’s good to get creative, as long as you clearly
communicate what your company offers.
Whether you’re stuck for ideas or someone else beat you to the punch
on your perfect website name, we can help.
Stick in your customers’ minds
Humans are creatures of habit. We develop a way of thinking and
most of us stick to it. Unique business names come from all kinds
of ideas, though, and often not the first ones that roll through
our heads – because those can be the same ones rolling through
competitors’ heads, too. Easy differentiation is key when choosing
a business name.
That’s where domain and brand name generators like this one come
into play: machines might be purely logical, but they excel at
helping us think outside our human boxes.
Get unique brand name ideas (100% available)
Using a domain name generator to inspire you isn’t lazy. It’s smart.
You’ll be surprised how many good ideas your competitors haven’t
thought of yet (and that maybe didn’t occur to you, either).
To get thousands of company and domain name suggestions instantly,
simply plug your company’s core concept into the field above.
Shopify will identify all related domains that are currently available.
Give it a spin – it’s totally free.







Need a different type of business name?



Clothing Store


Jewelry Store


Craft Store


Boutique


Fashion Store


Baby Store


Flower Shop


Furniture Store








        Share on
      



            Share on
          



            Share on
          



            Share on
          
 



        Press cmd + d to bookmark
      



            Press cmd + d to bookmark
          














Create an online store or add ecommerce to an existing site
Sell online







Set up shop at events, pop-ups, or in a retail store
Sell in person


































Cool Company Names | Business Naming | Technology Names For Sale




Brandings
















KEYWORD SEARCH:
 













Home

Why Brandings®


How It Works

Help
Contact Us
















    
    
    
    
 
  


 



For More Tips, Like Us On Facebook 

 


 Popular Categories: 


Art & DesignBiotech & ScienceBusiness & ProfessionalConstruction & BuildingCool Company NamesCatchy Business NamesCreative NamesEducation & CounselingCutting-Edge NamesEco & GreenEntertainment & SportsFinance & MoneyHealth Care & WellnessHome Products & ServicesInnovative NamesInvented & BrainstormedLuxury Goods & ServicesPet, Veterinary & AnimalReal Estate & DevelopmentRestaurant, Food & DrinkRetail & ShoppingShort Company NamesSmart & IntelligentTechnology & Tech Start-upNames by INDUSTRYEVOCATIVE NamesNames A to ZCUSTOM SERVICES


  Currency:  Select your currency: 
 

 US Dollar 
 Euro 
 GB Pound 
 Japan Yen 
 India Rupee 
 Australia Dollar 
 Brazil Real 
 Canada Dollar 
 China Yuan 
 Hong Kong Dollar 
 Korea Won 
 Mexico Peso 
 Russia Ruble 
 Singapore Dollar 
 Sweden Kronor 
 Argentina Peso 
 Ghana Cedis 
 Indonesia Rupiah 
 Denmark Kroner 
 Eqypt Pound 
 Iceland Kronur 
 Bolivia Bolivianos 
 Israel New Shekels 
 Costa Rica Colon 
 Czech Republic 
 Guatamala Quetzales 
 Hungary Forint 
 Switzerland Francs 
 Malaysia Ringgits 
 New Zealand Dollar 
 Nigerian Nairas 
 Norway Krone 
 Pakistan Rupee 
 Peru Nuevos Soles 
 Phillipines Peso 
 Poland Zlotych 
 Qatar Rials 
 Saudia Arabia Riyals 
 South Africa Rand 
 Turkey Lira 
 Taiwan New Dollars 
 Thailand Baht 
 Venezuela Bolivares Fuertes 
 Chile Peso 
 Lebanon Pound 
 Uruguay Peso 




 
 Our experts share insights on naming, branding and starting a new venture. 
Tip: Choosing Your Dot-Com Domain.  Facebook owns Facebook.com.  Sony owns Sony.com.  Apple owns Apple.com. Google owns Google.com. Microsoft owns Microsoft.com.  Got it?  You need to start your business with a company name that exactly matches your domain name. 
Trap: Failing to Ask for Help.  There’s a lot that goes into solid business name development.  To create a name that’s cool, catchy and really stands out, you need an arsenal of quantitative and qualitative tools.  You aren’t alone.  Talk with an expert.  Give our Client Help Team a call at 1-800-852-8900 or shoot us an e-mail. We’re here to help you find the “perfect-fit” name, domain and logo. 
Tip:  Pick a Logo That Fits.  Your logo design is an important part of your corporate identity.  All company names in the Brandings.com catalog come with an editable logo design.  Our graphics team can change the color, font, image or layout so that your logo design perfectly fits your company personality. 
 More Naming Tips & Traps  
 Check back regularly for new start-up tips and traps to be avoided. 

  
  
   
 Tweets by @Brandings_

  










A Great Company Starts With a Great Brand Name.

Cool Company Names
It's no secret. The right name can make or break your start-up. To help you succeed, Brandings® has created the largest global marketplace of attention-grabbing cool company names and catchy domain names.
Now you can launch with a brand name that will catapult your firm from startup to formidable player.
Each company name has been carefully screened, tested and comes with a changeable logo design, matching dot-com domain, transfer of "TM" trademark rights, brand identity design palette, ready-to-use website template ... and so much more!


Premium Domains, Free Logos  ... and More
We have thousands of company names that will serve as the foundation for a great start-up. With the right name your company will be solidly positioned from day one.
Search for the Right Name
Brandings® makes it easy to find the right name. You can search our online name catalog by the industry you're in (for example "technology") or by an attribute you're looking for (for example "green.") Just click here to begin your search: Start Here

Today's Brand Name Deals




Infrra
 Add to Favorites 
Confessings
 Add to Favorites 
EfficiStar
 Add to Favorites 
Verlax
 Add to Favorites 
UltiBio
 Add to Favorites 
Supportings
 Add to Favorites 
Vyand
 Add to Favorites 
CareUlta
 Add to Favorites 
GrillEdge
 Add to Favorites 
Empowery
 Add to Favorites 
Maxry
 Add to Favorites 
Vylio
 Add to Favorites 





Cool Names for Innovative Start-Ups
At Brandings® we specialize in name development for technology companies, service businesses, professional firms and other growth-driven enterprises. We know what it takes to launch and grow a start-up in a hyper-competitive market. Our name development team works to create names that will position your firm for success in the new millennium.
We stay clear of names that have unusual spellings, dropped vowels, or are difficult to remember. The result is a catalog of the most innovative and distinguished company names available anywhere. You'll have a world-class company name at a discount price.
Fortune 500 corporations have huge-budget naming agencies to help them. Brandings® has leveled the playing field by providing entrepreneurs -- like you -- with big-league branding, at start-up prices.
We'll help you find the perfect name that's fresh, powerful, memorable, and sets your firm above others in your industry. You'll start with a name as good (or better!) than deep-pocket, mega-corporations.


Brand Names That Soar
The right name can mean the difference between a start-up that "soars" and one that "stalls."
You already know it. Choosing a company name is one of the most important decisions you'll make as a business owner. Before your audience ever sees your products or services, they will likely see your name.
Your business name, domain name and logo will need to capture the personality and vision of your company -- in a single word (that's a lot to ask!)
Your choice of company name can make the difference between a start-up that soars and one that never makes it off the ground. Take the time to find the name that's just right for your new company. At Brandings® we make it easy (and affordable). Your "soaring" start-up starts here:







Featured Category: Real Estate Brand Names
Check out our huge inventory of Real Estate brand names: Click Here >    You can also find the top 450 real estate brand names through Brandings® Real Estate Name Generator:     Click Here >










          Here is a sophisticated and elegant name for your real estate company. Real Estate Classic is a name that has appeal to both residential and commercial realty prospects. The name evokes a sense of confidence, tradition and trust. A great value -- the price includes the dot-com domain name RealEstateClassic.com and a customizable graphic logo. 
          More+










            If you're looking for a name that tells the world that you're available and on top of the real estate game, then ReadiRealty is a formidable choice. Here's an excellent real estate start-up name that has unlimited branding possibilities. It's easy to spell and pronounce. Best of all it's a name that your real estate audience will easily remember. 
            More+










            Get started with name that tells your audience that you're the smart choice in real estate. IntelleHomes is perfect for a confident real estate firm. The name is not only well suited for a real estate business name, but also construction companies, development firms, architects and other home products and services
            More+










UltaProperties is the perfect name for a wide range of home and commercial property related businesses. UltaProperties is a distinctive name that conveys the sense that your firm is the "ultimate." Here's a potent real estate start-up name that would appeal to a wide range of consumers seeking realty, property or construction services.
            More+















Our naming experts share the 11 factors you need to know when selecting a name for your start-up. Learn what to do and how to avoid the most common naming mistakes. This is a "must-read" before you name your company. Get the full report now -- it's free! 











Value & Your "Brand Voice"
Starting a business today is tough. Real tough. The competitive landscape is intense and customer expectations continue to escalate. You want to start your business with every advantage. The right name can make all the difference. Your name is the foundation of your company brand. An authentic and intriguing name cements your company in the minds of your consumers.
A penetrating company name is what we call your "Brand Voice." Your name is at the very center of your marketing and brand identity and should coherently capture the unique personality of your firm. The right name leverages your advertising by increasing brand recognition -- effectively stretching your marketing dollars.
Brandings has developing the largest global inventory of innovative, stimulating and authentic company names. We skip the fancy-presentations of traditional naming firms to provide our clients with transcendent names that have been screened, tested and available immediately.
We've done our homework on each brand. Brandings® has undertaken the time-consuming first step of identifying, analyzing, developing and screening thousands of brand names.
You'll get an unrivaled company name, matching dot-com domain, custom logo, starter website, brand identity palette, trademark rights ... and so much more. 


The Brandings® Start-Up Advantage
Through Brandings® proprietary onomastics and naming architecture systems, we've developed a inventory of the coolest company names ...

 Authentic & Transcendent - Names that ring true and elevate a firm.
 Linguistically Evocative  - Easy to communicate in a competitive market.
Visually Powerful - Free fully changeable brand logo included so you can get started right away.
Positioned for Growth - Researched and tested for expandability.
Matching Dot-Com Domain Name - With so many obscure domain extensions Dot-Com reigns supreme.
Brand Identity Design Palette - To ensure brand congruity at all your strategic touchpoints. 
Ready-to-Use Website Template - Start your online presence on day one.
Screened & Tested  - Cleared through global databases and ready to use.

(TM) Common Law Trademark - All trademark rights are transferred to you as part of the purchase.
Immediately Available - Express transfer so you'll have 100% ownership and control.


Search Now >












   


Questions? Call Us 24/7: 


UK & Europe  (44) (208) 144-7933   
USA & Canada  (1) 800-852-8900    Hong Kong & Asia  (852) 8198-0600
Australia (61) (2) 8091-6200   Worldwide (001) 702-803-6111

 info@brandings.com 
















Naming Companies Company Names







































The Process

Process Overview
Competitive Analysis
Brand Positioning
Name Development
Trademark

Naming Tools






The Naming Process

Whether you are naming companies or products, a process that is clear, insightful, logical 
and focused will lead to a name that's a powerful part of your brand strategy, and pave 
the way for buy-in throughout your organization.




Competitive Analysis – 
Our process begins with a thorough competitive analysis, in which 
we quantify the tone and strength of competitive company names or product 
names. Creating such a document helps your naming team decide where 
they need to go with the positioning, branding and naming of your company 
or product.




Positioning – 
The next step is to help you refine and define your brand positioning. 
The more specific and nuanced your positioning is, the more effective 
the name will be. All great product and company names work in concert 
with the positioning of the businesses they speak for.




Name/brand Development – 
Product or company name development begins by applying the positioning 
strategy to figure out what you want your new name to do for your marketing, 
branding and advertising efforts.




Trademark – 
We prescreen names under development through our trademark attorney to determine 
the likelihood that your company will be able to procure the names. 
We do this in order to feel confident that the names your attorney submits 
for final trademark screening and application have been deemed by an 
attorney as likely to pass muster for registration. If not, valuable 
time is lost.






 
Competitive Analysis














