




Nasdaq





















 
Nasdaq Site Maintenance
The website, Nasdaq.com, is currently under planned maintenance and should be back online soon. We apologize for the inconvenience to you.
Service - 

















 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Consector Capital, LP


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Consector Capital, LP
Fund Manager






Institutional Investors

Fund Managers

Consector Capital, LP





















Consector Capital, LP
is  a Delaware Fund Manager located in New York,
New York.  
 

It was registered on Wednesday, June 25, 2014.






420 Lexington Avenue
New York,
New York, 
10170 
United States
Phone: (212) 235-0347
http://www.consectorcapital.com



Managing Partner
William Black
Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
Timothy Stewart
Chief Operating Officer
Timothy Stewart




Inception Date2014-06-25
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 19:48:57.057276
As of Date2017-03-31
Latest Filing2017-03-31
SEC Number801-79926
CRD Number161337
Inception2014-06-25
Legal NameConsector Capital, LP
NameConsector Capital, LP
CIK0001597245
Legal Entity TypeLimited Partnership
EIN261079005











Holdings



Long Positions




Statements



Employees


Regulatory AUM






Plans



401(k) Plans: 1






Funds



Hedge Funds: 1









Long Positions: 2016-09-30

SecurityValue



Old Second Bancorp Inc (OSBC)
4.28M


Meta Financial Group Inc (CASH)
3.76M


OPUS BK IRVINE CALIF
3.18M


First NBC Bank Holding Company (FNBC)
3.07M


CONNECTONE BANCORP INC NEW
3.06M


Citizens Financial Group Inc/RI (CFG)
2.83M


Legacy Texas Financial Group, Inc. (LTXB)
2.69M


Zions Bancorporation  (ZION)
2.64M


The Bank of N.T. Butterfield & Son
1.98M


Bank of the Ozarks Inc (OZRK)
1.92M


Banner Corp (BANR)
1.75M


Ameris Bancorp (ABCB)
1.75M


Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG)
1.66M


Triton International Ltd (TRTN)
1.62M


Cascade Bancorp (CACB)
1.53M


Boston Private Financial Holdings (BPFH)
1.28M


Marlin Business Services Corp (MRLN)
1.25M


STONEGATE BK FT LAUDERDALE F
1.15M


Independent Bank Group, Inc. (IBTX)
1.10M


HomeStreet, Inc. (HMST)
1.00M


Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH)
898.00K


Great Ajax Corp. (AJX)
887.00K


Wmih Corp. (WMIH)
639.00K











03-17
03-16
04-15




Employees
3.00
3.00
4.00











03-17
03-16
04-15




Regulatory Assets Under Management
111.08M
154.14M
371.10M







401(k) Plans: 2017-03-31



Consector Capital 401K Plan
New York






Hedge Funds: 2017-03-31



Consector Partners LP
Delaware
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC









Consector Capital, LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:00 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Consector Capital, LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Consector Capital, LP is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It invests in the public equity markets. The firm primarily invests in growth and value stocks of companies. It also employs event-driven strategy and invests in stocks of companies in distressed situation. Consector Capital, LP was founded in August 2008 and is based in New York City.


420 Lexington AvenueSuite 442New York, NY 10170United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 212-235-0347

Fax: 646-650-5464

www.consectorcapital.com/







Key Executives for Consector Capital, LP




Mr. William James Black Jr.


      	Managing Partner and Principal
      








Mr. Guy Adam Betterbid


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Timothy James Stewart


      	Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
      


Age: 42
        







Mr. Rick Biggs


      	Partner
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Consector Capital, LP, please visit www.consectorcapital.com/.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


















































Convector Capital Management LP - Home














HOME




INVESTMENT PROCESS




TEAM




NEWS




CONTACT




PARTNER LOGIN











HOME




INVESTMENT PROCESS




TEAM




NEWS




CONTACT




PARTNER LOGIN







Top



HOME




INVESTMENT PROCESS




TEAM




NEWS




CONTACT




PARTNER LOGIN







Blog Index

The journal that this archive was targeting has been deleted.  Please update your configuration.










Navigation



Login






 
Welcome.
Convector Capital Management was founded with a commitment to responsibly manage assets by pursuing superior long-term returns while protecting capital through active risk control.  The team behind our firm has applied this principle and associated strategy for over a decade of managing substantial assets.  Our successful record of dispassionate analysis, combined with disciplined portfolio construction, has generated investment returns well in excess of market and peer averages.
Our opportunistic, value orientated investment philosophy takes advantage of periodic inefficiencies that develop in the valuation of publicly traded securities.  Therefore, our investment positions are differentiated and often contrarian to that of the market's, and are generated by specific fundamental analysis informed by deep industry knowledge.  We then seek to combine security-specific insight with disciplined portfolio construction that seeks to minimize potential downside through active risk management.  Every step of our investment process is augmented by a proprietary technology platform that enhances our ability to identify opportunities and empirically test hypotheses through a comprehensive study of data.
At Convector Capital Management, we invest our own capital alongside that of our clients. We do this not only because it is the right business decision to align our interests with those of our clients, but also because we fundamentally believe it is the most intelligent approach to managing a significant portion of our own capital.

                    Emmanuel Ferreira
                    Founder and Managing Partner
 
 
 

  
              645 Madison Avenue • Fifth Floor • New York, NY 10022 • www.convectorcapital.com • 
© 2017 Convector Capital Management, LP • All rights reserved.
      
  
      
  
    
 






CONSECTOR CAPITAL LP New York NY, 10019 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Holding and other Investment Offices
Consector Capital LP
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Consector Capital LP



712 5th Ave, Fl 17

New York,
							
							
							 NY
							
							
							 10019-4108
							
							 |  view map


(212) 235-0345

www.consectorcapital.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

CONSECTOR CAPITAL LP is in the Investors, N.E.C. industry in New York, NY.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Investors, N.E.C.
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2015
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Ideal Construction CO


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


RAM Enterprises Inc


Barnes & Noble


Coats Electric CO Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Hammer & CO


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Walbro








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Consector Capital LP
Rate Consector Capital LP on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Consector Capital LP
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOGUE
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLTAIRE
VUDEN INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOGT JAMES B MD

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
CONTORNO INC
GOODY 2 SHOES
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
ADVENT I LLC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
AZURADISC
PANALPINA INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

































Convector Capital Management LP - Investment Process














HOME




INVESTMENT PROCESS




TEAM




NEWS




CONTACT




PARTNER LOGIN











HOME




INVESTMENT PROCESS




TEAM




NEWS




CONTACT




PARTNER LOGIN







Top



HOME




INVESTMENT PROCESS




TEAM




NEWS




CONTACT




PARTNER LOGIN







Blog Index

The journal that this archive was targeting has been deleted.  Please update your configuration.










Navigation



Login






 
Investment Process
Our investment process is rooted in the empirical evidence that the earning power of a business is the key determinant of the price performance of its underlying securities.  In assessing the absolute and relative merits of an investment our process can be classified into three distinct phases: Fundamental Research, Idea Generation, and Portfolio Construction. Determining the potential of an investment requires an understanding of the underlying risks it may hold individually and collectively.  So while risk determination is integral to each phase of our investment process, we also highlight risk management separately to emphasize our diligence to risk that is not company specific.
Fundamental Research
We begin with a global view of opportunities and risks.  Our professionals' extensive experience across industry sectors gives us an understanding of the economic value chain of business, industry, and geography.  We believe our deep experience performing fundamental research in each industry sector is a key component in identifying opportunities.
We determine the long-term earning power of each company we analyze, modeling the key drivers of a company to determine a base case earning power.  Key drivers of earnings tend to revolve around revenues, margins, and capital management.  We then conduct sensitivity analysis on the key drivers to better quantify an upside and downside to our base case scenario.
Our approach generally looks to identify dynamic change that is material to the operations of a business, often creating misunderstanding that results in the securities of a business being mispriced.  We then compare valuation to peers and historic levels to confirm asymmetric payoff profiles and test against alternative measures of value.
Idea Generation
Once the fundamental research has been thoroughly vetted, we evaluate the risk/reward profile of the various investment opportunities.  This requires identifying the key sources of differentiated earnings, whether secular, cyclical, or company specific.  This allows us to specifically focus on the key drivers of an investment thesis to ensure it remains valid.  We look at the absolute and relative merits of the opportunities uncovered by our fundamental research to determine our highest conviction ideas.
Our team structure and economic value chain analysis allow us to better track fundamental change than simple quantitative screens would, and ultimately leads to capturing efficient and consistent opportunities in a variety of different market environments.  Often, a new position is one in a company we have had significant experience with but where pricing or fundamentals have not allowed an investment opportunity to fully present itself.  Timely capture of such inefficiencies is often a key component to success and is only visible to a prepared mind.  We believe our combined decades of industry specific training and experience is a key determinant of successful execution on our investment principals.
We always look to deploy capital in the most efficient manner possible, which means that an investment idea is continuously tested for validity even once it has made it into our portfolio.  Idea generation is not just about uncovering a new investment thesis but also ensuring that existing positions, including those held for an extensive period of time, still pass the test of being the most productive portfolio holding in the current environment.
Portfolio Construction
Our portfolio is designed for long term absolute returns with lower volatility.  We adjust the overall risk exposure based on our assessment of the individual opportunities as well as the overall risk environment.  The portfolio is built on a security by security basis so as to most efficiently capture the asymmetric payoffs we have identified.  We consistently monitor our portfolio for sizeable, unintentional risk factors.  We find that performance is often determined not just in how a position is initiated, but in the discipline of how it is managed and when it is liquidated.  This discipline stems from our focus on risk management and vigilance in searching for optimal capital allocation.
Portfolio construction also involves putting on short positions for both positive return opportunities on a security deteriorating in price and/or the management of risk.  We characterize our short positions as valuation shorts, fundamental shorts, or market shorts.  
Valuation shorts are often expressed through paired trades between similar businesses with significant valuation discrepancy that tend to mean revert.  These have the added portfolio benefit of generally being less or entirely uncorrelated to the markets.
Fundamental shorts represent opportunities to take a directional position without the necessity to specifically pair it with a similar security.  These can be firms with accounting irregularities, excessive leverage or even legal liabilities that are not yet well understood by the consensus.
Market shorts are used primarily to manage the overall risk exposure of the portfolio and may include a basket of companies or the use of indices and related securities to such indices, such as options and ETFs.
Our flexibility to assess and control overall risk exposure and how to express such risk through fundamental research in both traditional and non-traditional sources of return is ultimately the determinant of our overall performance.
Risk Management
A core tenet of Convector Capital Management's investment philosophy is its view and management of risk.  We believe identifying an investment opportunity and efficiently capturing its returns cannot be achieved without understanding risk.  We study risk at the stock level, portfolio level, and firm level.
At the stock level, rigorous research uncovers asymmetrical return opportunities.  Our conviction in long-term earning power and liquidity determines position size.  The use of shorts or derivatives allows us to hedge risk and more efficiently capture returns.
At the portfolio level, we monitor positioning and active risk resulting from individual security selection.  We utilize quantitative tools to identify factor and style risks, and actively manage intended and unintended exposures.
At the firm level, we perform comprehensive portfolio reviews with the investment team and senior management.  We also monitor firm relations as a potential source of risk, including counter-party risk and regulatory risk.
Finally, and just as importantly, we understand that a disciplined process and sophisticated models are tools to enhance our judgment and common sense, not replace it.
Technology
Technology is a critical component and key differentiator for Convector's investment process.  Our proprietary technology platform, built in conjunction with Alpha Hat, enhances the capabilities of our analysts and portfolio manager.  Our technology solution applies powerful data science techniques to study data much more effectively than legacy systems used by most peers.  This thorough examination of data enables us to discover unique insights, and empirically test and understand relationships between factors in previously unachievable ways.  
In addition, we utilize our technology to automate the many manual workflows involved in analysis, thus enabling our analysts to focus on more value-added opportunities.  Over time, the incremental gains from automation are greatly additive to alpha generation potential and efficacy.
 
 

  
              645 Madison Avenue • Fifth Floor • New York, NY 10022 • www.convectorcapital.com • 
© 2017 Convector Capital Management, LP • All rights reserved.
      
  
      
  
    
 




Consector Capital LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























consector capital lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Consector Capital, LP provides investment advisory services. The Company offers investment management services to privately pooled investment vehicles. Consector Capital conducts its business worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

712 5th Avenue
17th Floor
New York, NY 10019
United States


Phone:
1-212-235-0347


Fax:
1-646-650-5464


Web url:
www.consectorcapital.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Timothy James Stewart


CFO/COO/Chief Compliance Ofcr




William James Black


Managing Partner







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































         LD Products Reviews and Store Ratings | Bizrate                                                      Suggestions        shop by categories            Appliances Automotive Babies & Kids Books & Magazines Clothing & Accessories  Computers & Software DVDs & Videos Digital Cameras Electronics Furniture  Gifts, Flowers & Food Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Laptop Computers  Music Musical Instruments Office Supplies Pet Supplies Sports Equipment  Toys & Games Video Games Women's Shoes  see all categories            Home › Store Ratings › LD Products      LD Products Reviews and Store Ratings | Bizrate   LD Products Reviews                 Most Current Certification:  07/27/2017       LD Products Ratings and User Reviews. LD Products is rated 9.3 out of 10 from 1960 reviews. Last rated on 07/27/2017.    LD Products - Ink cartridge and inkjet refills offers new OEM, compatible, and remanufactured inkjet cartridges as well as InkTec ink refill kits and laser toner cartridges.        2016 Platinum Circle of Excellence   11 years               LD Products Rating             More About LD Products         Overall Satisfaction:     9.3 out of 10  Would Shop Here Again:     9.4 out of 10  Likelihood To Recommend:     9.3 out of 10            Overall Rating           Past 3 Months           Past Month         Positive 81% 82%     Neutral 15% 14%      Negative 4% 4%          Ease of Finding What You Are Looking For:         9.1 out of 10   Design of Site:         8.9 out of 10   Satisfaction With Checkout:         9.2 out of 10   Product Selection:         9.2 out of 10   Clarity of Product Information:         9.2 out of 10   Charges Stated Clearly:         9.5 out of 10   Price Relative To Other Online Retailers:         9.1 out of 10   Shipping Charges:         8.9 out of 10   Variety of Shipping Options:         8.9 out of 10         On-Time Delivery:         9.6 out of 10   Order Tracking:         9.5 out of 10   Product Met Expectations:         9.3 out of 10   Customer Support:         9.2 out of 10   Product Availability:         9.6 out of 10   Returns Process:         8.6 out of 10                Recent Reviews for LD Products  Showing 1 - 20 of 1960 Reviews                         Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            Well Done !                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I like your company but the billing address shipping address part was horrible.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Brad                           Jul 27, 2017            I'm not sure yet, but I'm hoping that the remanufactured ink cartridges work well. If so, I will return to buy many more.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                grandmaB                           Jul 27, 2017            A friend told me about LD Products some time ago and I went online and submitted an order.  Am nearly out of ink so I am reordering and really like the fact that this order is costing less than my first order due to a % off and free shipping. Your prices are much lower than the big box stores. I am on Social Security and this discount  really helps.Thank You!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I only hope that I have only one order coming.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Tom                           Jul 27, 2017            The process is made a bit more confusing by a plethora of options for a specific type of cartridge which are virtually indistinguishable. A bit more definition would be helpful                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Paradigmpi                           Jul 27, 2017            I really like your inks - have used your brother inks for about 10 years and have found them EXCELLENT.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Di                           Jul 27, 2017            Review of product is yet to be determined - 1st time use                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                jim                           Jul 27, 2017            my 1st order.   we will see how it goes.........                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                naklab                           Jul 13, 2017            The price is very reasonable, yet they seem to run out of ink fast.                   Jul 27, 2017  I did not realize how bad my first replacements were when I ordered a 2nd set. I now know they are not very good or my first order was ok. I really do not know. I learned a  lesson. Regards, Tiothy Balkan.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            It was very annoying having the ads keep popping up while trying to order.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                dave                           Jul 27, 2017            It is always fast convenient and the best quality and prices anywhere on the internet!I highly recommend this company!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I like the prices but I wish there were more high yield option on the ink                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            Always pleased with LD and their products!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                Pat                           Jul 20, 2017                            Jul 27, 2017  Goof Product                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                bob                           Jul 27, 2017            best value available                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            Satisfied with product and delivery of product                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I've already recommended LD to several friends - one of which I know has ordered from you.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                kurtbebe                           Jul 27, 2017            Good prices.  Quality merchandise.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Steven                           Jul 27, 2017            Excellent and very nice...                   «   1   2   3   4   5   »       Store Ratings and Reviews Store Overview Store Detailed Ratings        About Connexity Store Ratings Top Products Circle of Excellence Winners Sitemap Ad Opt Out  Ad Choices        Stores are responsible for providing Bizrate with correct and current prices. Sales taxes and shipping costs are estimates; please check store for exact amounts. Product specifications are obtained from merchants or third parties. Although we make every effort to present accurate information, Bizrate is not responsible for inaccuracies. We encourage you to notify us of any discrepancies by clicking here.  Store ratings and product reviews are submitted by online shoppers; they do not reflect our opinions and we have no responsibility for their content.     Privacy Policy User Agreement © 2017 Connexity, Inc. / Bizrate is a division of Connexity, Inc.      Sign up for Bizrate Emails to save cash, plus  a chance to win our Daily Cash Giveaway!      We don't share email addresses. Official Rules                 X              