






Aimco | About Us | Our Leadership






























Jump to Navigation





Aimco

 









 













Visit UsFacebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Glassdoor
Google+
YouTube
LinkedIn
BBB
Foursquare
 



Mobile Job Search
Contact Us
Pay Rent
Submit Service Request
 


 

Main menuHome
Apartments
Residents
About Us
Careers
Investors
Press Room
Corporate Citizenship

 







 

Our Leadership









 Terry Considine Terry is a life-long entrepreneur focused on business, politics and family. Terry has been an active real estate investor for more than 45 years, serving four REITs as CEO. Through the Considine Companies, Terry has invested in real estate, television broadcasting, convenience stores, environmental services, and venture capital. Terry contributed his apartment business to the formation of Aimco, led the Aimco IPO in 1994, and has served as Aimco Chairman/CEO since that time. Terry has also been active in politics, elected twice to the Colorado Senate and holding leadership roles in numerous campaigns and political organizations. He is a director of the Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and Intrepid Potash (NYSE: IPI) in Denver, Colorado. Terry has been married for 40 years to his wife Betsy. Together, they are actively involved in education reform and ranching in western Colorado. Most of all, they enjoy three adult children, their spouses, and a remarkable granddaughter. 
 
  
 Terry Considine  
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  

 Paul L. BeldinPaul was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in September 2015. He joined Aimco in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining Aimco, from October 2007 to March 2008, Paul served as Chief Financial Officer of APRO Residential Fund. Prior to that, from May 2005 to September 2007, Paul served as Chief Financial Officer of America First Apartment Investors, Inc., then a publicly traded company. From 1996 to 2005, Paul was with the firm of Deloitte & Touche, LLP serving in numerous roles. Paul is a certified public accountant.
 
  
 Paul L. Beldin 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

 John E. BezzantJohn was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer in July 2013. He joined Aimco as Senior Vice President - Development in June 2006. John is responsible for portfolio management, including dispositions, acquisitions and capital investments. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Bezzant spent over 20 years with Prologis, Inc. and Catellus Development Corporation in a variety of executive positions, including those with responsibility for transactions, fund management, asset management, leasing, and operations.  John and his wife Sheri have nine children, live in Littleton, Colorado, and are anxiously engaged in all the excitement that comes with a big family.
 
  
 John E. Bezzant 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer  



 Lisa R. CohnLisa was promoted to Aimco’s Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in December 2007. Lisa is responsible for Aimco’s legal, insurance and risk management functions and has executive responsibility for human resources, compliance and asset management. Lisa was also named Chairman of the Aimco Investment Committee in November 2014. She joined Aimco in July 2002 as Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary and was promoted to Senior Vice President in July 2004. Prior to joining Aimco, Lisa was engaged in the private practice of law at Hogan & Hartson LLP (now Hogan Lovells), with an emphasis on public and private transactional work, public equity offerings and venture capital financing. She also spent two years as a judicial clerk. Lisa studied Public Policy at Stanford University and earned her law degree from Harvard Law School. She serves on the Board of Trustees of the Rose Community Foundation, as well as on the Foundation’s Jewish Life Committee. She is also a member of the Board of Trustees of Denver Jewish Day School. Lisa is a Denver native and met her now husband, Rich Cohn, at her first youth group event. Rich and Lisa are the proud parents of Avi. Lisa and Rich enjoy celebrating life with family and friends, golf, sports, theater, movies, and traveling. Above all, their greatest pleasure is spending time with Avi.
 
  
 Lisa R. Cohn 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

 Miles CortezMiles was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer in December 2007. He is responsible for administration, government relations, communications, and special projects, and chairs the Senior Leadership Team. Miles joined Aimco in August 2001 as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Prior to joining the Company, he practiced law in Denver, Colorado since 1970 and served as president of both the Colorado Bar Association and the Denver Bar Association. For over ten years he was recognized in “Best Lawyers in America” and in 2001 was the Denver Business Journal’s “Law Executive of the Year.” He served with the First Infantry Division in Vietnam in 1969, where he was awarded the Bronze Star, the Air Medal and the Army Commendation Medal. Miles has been a trustee of Trinity University since 2005 and serves on the board of directors of the Colorado Open Golf Foundation. He is married to Jan Cortez, and they have four children and five grandchildren. He is an avid tennis player and golfer, and speaks Spanish.
 
  
 Miles Cortez 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer  

 Patti K. FieldingPatti was promoted to Executive Vice President — Securities and Debt in February 2003 and Treasurer in January 2005 and assumed responsibility for Redevelopment activities in November 2014. She is responsible for debt financing activities, including property debt and corporate financings, and she oversees all Treasury, LIHTC and joint ventures for the company. Patti joined Aimco in February 1997 as Vice President-Tenders, Securities and Debt and was promoted to Senior Vice President-Securities and Debt in January 2000. Prior to joining Aimco, Patti was with Hanover Capital from 1996-1997 and from 1993-1995 she was Vice Chairman, Senior Vice President and Co-Founder of CapSource Funding Corp. Patti was a Group Vice President with Duff & Phelps Rating Company from 1987 to 1993 and a commercial real estate appraiser with American Appraisal for three years. Patti and her husband Bill have two boys. In her spare time she enjoys skiing, biking, and swimming.
 
  
 Patti K. Fielding 
 Executive Vice President and Treasurer  



 Keith M. KimmelKeith was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and is a die hard Steelers fan. In 1976 his family moved to Southern California where he quickly acclimated to the beautiful beaches and took up his passion for surfing. Keith is married to his wonderful wife Leyla, and they have two beautiful children and now reside in Colorado. Keith began his career in the multifamily real estate business in 1992 as a leasing consultant and on-site manager, where he learned the day-to-day operations and cultivated a keen connection to our team members. He joined Aimco in March 2002 as a Regional Manager and in March 2006 was promoted to a Regional Vice President of property operations for California. In September 2008 Keith was appointed Area Vice President of property operations for the western United States. Most recently, as of January 2011, Keith was promoted to the Executive Vice President of Property Operations heading our national operations.
 
  
 Keith M. Kimmel 
 Executive Vice President - Property Operations  








 





About Us


Our Business
Mission & Vision
Values & CultureWatch: Our Culture Video

Customer Service Philosophy
Corporate Facts
Our Leadership
Awards & Recognition
Office Locations





Give us Your FeedbackTell us why you love your home and how we can make it even better!Talk to Us 


 

 













All content © 2017 Aimco All rights reserved. Site Map | Privacy | Terms of Use
 






 




























	Terry Considine, CEO of
	Apartment Investment
	(AIV), Earns
	$1.3 mil
	















');
}


if( partner == 'netscape' ) {
   document.write('');
}


if (document.cookie.indexOf('partner_session=earthlink') != -1) {
   document.write('');
}


if (document.cookie.indexOf('partner_session=msnbc') != -1) {
   var _rsCI='us-forbes';
   var _rsCG='msnbc_hat_test';
   var _rsDT=1;
   var _rsSI=escape(window.location);
   var _rsLP=location.protocol.indexOf('https')>-1?'https:':'http:';
   var _rsRP=escape(document.referrer);
   var _rsND=_rsLP+'//.com/';

   if (parseInt(navigator.appVersion)>=4) {
      var _rsRD=(new Date()).getTime();
      var _rsSE=1;
      var _rsSV='';
      var _rsSM=1.0;
      _rsCL='';
   } 
   else {
      _rsCL='';
   }
   //document.write(_rsCL);

   document.write('');
}


if (document.cookie.indexOf('partner_session=compuserve') != -1) {
   document.write('');
}

// -->













 



















































 


 

 



 


Jump

 | Free Trial Issue




Search
 Quote








Select Section
Home
Investment Newsletters
Polls & Discussions
Premium Tools
Special Reports
Video & Audio
Watchlist
IT Research Library
IT Product & Service Search
Forbes Digital Tool

Business
-Manufacturing
-Technology
-Commerce
-Services
-Energy
-Healthcare
-Small Business

Technology
-E-Business
-Enterprise Tech
-Infoimaging
-Intelligent Infrastructure
-Personal Tech
-Sciences & Medicine
-Wireless
-CIO Network

Markets
-Equities
-Economy
-Commodities
-Bonds
-Emerging Markets
-Currencies

Work
-Careers
-Compensation
-Entrepreneurs
-Management

Lists
-Companies
--Forbes 500s
--Forbes Global 500
--200 Best Small Cos.
--400 Best Big Cos.
--Largest Private Cos.

-People
--World's Richest People
--100 Top Celebrities
--400 Richest Americans
--Best Paid CEOs

-Places
--Best Places

Personal Finance
-Estate Planning
-Funds
-Philanthropy
-Retirement
-Strategies
-Taxes

Lifestyle
-Collecting
-Health
-Real Estate
-Sport
-Travel
-Vehicles
-Wine & Food
-Good Life Experience

Columnists

Magazines
-Forbes Magazine
-Forbes Global
-Forbes FYI
-Forbes ASAP
-Best of the Web
-Archives
-Subscriptions

Tools

About Us
Contact Us
Help
Reprints/Permissions
Sitemap

Advertising
Conferences
Forbes Collection
Forbes Mobile
Special Advertising
























U.S.  |  EUROPE  |  ASIA
HOME PAGE FOR THE WORLD'S BUSINESS LEADERS

















Home > 

Lists
 > 


    
        

Executive Pay
      


 > Terry Considine
		















   

    2004
  
   

    2005
  
  







			                        
		      
		          < Previous
 			        
			        
			        
			        
			        


Next
 			     
			     
			     
			     
			     >
		        
		   










Terry Considine

			Total Compensation: $1.3 mil
(#462)

5-Year Compensation Total: $4,638 thou


		 
Terry Considine has been CEO of Apartment Investment (AIV) for 
 
11 years.
	
 Mr. Considine has been with the company for
 
30 years
	

		and is the company's founder.
	

The 58 year old executive ranks 35 within

	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
Diversified Financials

Education
College: Harvard BA 


  ' 68
 

Graduate School: Harvard JD 


  ' 71
 

 
		

      




 



Performance Vs. Pay
Rank: 116 / 189
   

Apartment Investment's6-Year Annual Total Return (%)
	       


8




Mr. Considine's6-Year Average Compensation
	           $1,039 thou
6-Year Return Relative to Industry


94




6-Year Return Relative to Market


109



Relative returns: 100 equals the market or industry.

      

 Accounting-Governance Rankings   Aggressive




Terry Considine's Compensation Vs. Diversified Financials Medians



Salary ($thou)



300

      



732



Bonus ($thou)
1,000
1,507


Other ($thou)
8
432


Stock Gains ($thou)
0
0



Total Compensation ($thou)
1,308

4,689


Data Contributor
 




Apartment Investment 

(AIV: quote, news, executives)

	      4582 South Ulster Street Pkwy
	      Denver, CO 80237-7900
	      Ph: 303-757-8101
	      Fax: 303-759-3226
http://www.aimco.com




Terry Considine's Ownership Of Apartment Investment
Diversified Financials Medians



Stock Owned (% of Co)

				 
				   1.71 

0.36


Stock Owned

				 
				   61.0 

48.9

 

Apartment Investment's Stock Performance
Diversified Financials Medians



Total Return During Tenure (%)
15


Relative to Market
103






 


			                        
		      
		          < Previous
 			        
			        
			        
			        
			        


Next
 			     
			     
			     
			     
			     >
		        
		   











Associated Companies:

Apartment Investment  

# 1,311 on Forbes 2000

     
 

	 


        


    

          # 1,374 on Forbes 2000

     
 

	 


         
          # 307 on Forbes 500s 2003
          

	 


         
          # -- on Forbes 500s 2002
          

	  

            
                
 
Other Lists:

Considine, Terry  

# 472 on Executive Pay 2003
                
              
            
                











   






Methodology:
Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year.
Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score.
Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and
six-year compensation history. The most efficient rank is 1 and least
efficient is 189.

Footnotes:
Total returns and value of stock owned (including all classes) is based
on Mar. 31, 2005 stock price. Compensation percent change is based on
combined salary and bonus. Annualized total return during tenure covers
the tenure of the executive or from the time of the IPO or available
stock history. Relative to market is the ending value of $100 invested
in the stock, divided by the ending value of $1 invested in the S&P500.
NA: Not available or not applicable. NM: Not meaningful. 1Annualized.
2Four-year total. 3Three-year total. 4Less than 0.01%. 5Prior-year data.
6New chief executive; compensation may be for another executive office.
7Less than $100,000. 8Received options or restricted stock in lieu of
portion of salary. 9Received options or restricted stock in lieu of
portion of bonus. 10Includes shares indirectly held.

Sources: Latest available company proxy statements; Audit Integrity (www.auditintegrity.com); FT Interactive Data via FactSet Research Systems; Hemscott, Inc. (www.hemscottdata.com)
















SitemapHelpContact Forbes.comInvestment NewslettersForbes ConferencesForbes Magazines


Ad Information   
   	Forbes.com Wireless   
   	Reprints/Permissions   
   	Subscriber Services   
   	
   	© 2005 Forbes.com Inc.   All Rights Reserved   
        Privacy Statement   
   	Terms, Conditions and Notices




Delivered By

Tested By

Market Data By





        Stock quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes for Nasdaq, at least 20 minutes for NYSE/AMEX.
	
        U.S. indexes are delayed at least 15 minutes with the exception of Nasdaq, Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 which are 2 minutes delayed. Disclaimer

        Forbes 40 Index powered by Telemet.
        

        News may include latest headlines from Reuters.
        

Exchange trademark and copyright notices.




Powered By


Financial News - Business News

Financial News - Business News
Investment Newsletter - Financial Newsletters - Stock Newsletter
Polls & Discussions
Financial Tools - Stock Trading Tool - Investing Tool - Planning Tools
Special 
  Reports
Video News - Financial Video Reports

Business News - Business Information
Retail News - Commerce News - Retail Industry News
Energy News - Utility News - Energy Industry News
Health Care News - Healthcare News - Health Care Industry News
Manufacturing News - Supply Chain News - Manufacturing Industry News
Business Services News - Service Industry News - Services Industry News
Technology News - Information Technology News - Tech News

Technology News - Tech News
E-Business
Enterprise Tech
Future Tech
Networks
Personal 
  Tech
Sciences and Medicine

Stock Market News - World Markets - Stock Quotes
Bonds
Commodities
Currencies
Economy
Emerging Markets
Equities

Personal Finance - Personal Finances - Financial Advise
Estate Planning
Funds
Philanthropy
Retirement
Strategies
Taxes

Lifestyle
Collecting
Health and Fitness
Real Estate
Sports
Travel
Vehicles
Wine 
  & Food
Business and Finance Magazines
Forbes Magazine
Forbes Global
Forbes FYI
Forbes ASAP
Best of the Web
Archives
Subscriptions
Columnists
Forbes Pemium Services
Business Services
Forbes Services
Investing Services
Lifestyle Services

Forbes Lists - Award List - People List
People
100 Top 
  Celebrities  |  400 Richest 
  Americans  |  The 
  World's Billionaires  |  Big Bosses 
  & Paychecks  |  Midas List 
   |  China's 
  100 Richest Business People 
   
Companies
Forbes 500s 
   |  200 Best Small Companies 
   |  400 Best Big Companies 
   |  500 Largest Privates 
   |  International 500 
   |  The Global 
  A-List 
   
Places
Forbes/Milken Best Places 
   |  Best Cities 
  for Singles  |  Best Business 
  Restaurants  |  World's 
  Ten Best Airport Lounges  |  World's Best 
  Beach Resorts
Career Information - Career News - Work News
Forbes.com: Careers
Forbes.com: Compensation
Forbes.com: Entrepreneurs
Forbes.com: Management






















Terry Considine - Wikipedia





















 






Terry Considine

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Terry Considine (born 1947) is an American politician and the CEO of AIMCO, a real estate investment trust that he helped found through various acquisitions and mergers.[1]
Biography[edit]
Considine attended Harvard University for his undergraduate degree and later attended Harvard Law School.[citation needed]
He served as a Republican member of the Colorado Senate from 1987 to 1992.[2] He was the primary organizer of Coloradans Back in Charge, a grassroots initiative that led to Colorado being the first state to impose term limits on the governor, state legislature and congressional delegation.[2]
He left the state Senate early in 1992 to pursue the open seat in the United States Senate created by the decision of Democrat Tim Wirth to forgo a bid for a second term. Considine was defeated in the 1992 general election by Democrat Ben Nighthorse Campbell.[3] Campbell later became a Republican while still in office and was re-elected as a Republican in 1998.
He is listed as member of the Leadership Council of the Club for Growth.[4] He also serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Bradley Foundation.[5]
He is a son-in-law of former Georgia U.S. Representative Howard "Bo" Callaway (1927–2014). He is married to Betsy Callaway Considine; the couple has three children.
Terry Considine was inducted into the Colorado Business Hall of Fame by Junior Achievement-Rocky Mountain and the Denver Metro Chamber of Commerce in 2017.
References[edit]



^ BusinessWeek profile
^ a b "Man on a mission", findarticles.com; accessed September 30, 2015.
^ 1992 Presidential and Congressional Election Statistics: Colorado
^ Club for Growth Archived 2011-09-28 at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Bradley Foundation Board of Directors



External links[edit]

Appearances on C-SPAN



Party political offices


Preceded by
Ken Kramer
Republican Party nominee for United States Senator from Colorado (Class 3)
1992
Succeeded by
Ben Nighthorse Campbell





This United States biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Terry_Considine&oldid=785790031"					
Categories: 1947 birthsHarvard University alumniAmerican real estate businesspeopleAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesColorado State SenatorsLiving peoplePeople from ColoradoColorado RepublicansHarvard Law School alumniAmerican people stubsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2015Date of birth missing (living people)All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 15 June 2017, at 12:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








	Terry Considine



















































Search






Colorado Christian University










CCU SpotlightsTerry  ConsidineTrusteeTerry Considine has been active in business and community matters since his graduation from Harvard College (1968) and Harvard Law School (1971). He has led two IPOs and served five public companies as Chairman/CEO. At present, he is Chairman/CEO of Apartment Investment and Management Company, a NYSE and S&P 500 REIT and also Considine Investment Company, a private investment firm which has invested in real estate, venture capital, convenience stores, a CBS television station, and environmental laboratories.
Terry has been active in politics: managing the successful United States Senate campaign of Bill Armstrong (Colorado, 1984); being elected twice to the Colorado State Senate; playing a leading role in initiative campaigns in Colorado and elsewhere; running unsuccessfully as the Republican nominee for the United States Senate from Colorado (1992); and serving as a founding director of Club for Growth.
Terry is Chairman of the Board of Directors of The Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation (Milwaukee, Wisconsin) and also a director of the Considine Family Foundation which makes charitable grants primarily in support of education and Intrepid Potash. In the past, Terry has been a member of the Massachusetts Bar and the Young Presidents Organization.
Terry and Betsy Considine live in Cherry Hills Village and have been married for 37 years, and have three children. The Considines are members of Church of the Risen Christ Roman Catholic Church, located in Denver, Colorado.






Tweet













Related Spotlights Gary E.  Armstrong Dr. Margaret A.  Fomer Don Harwell Sam Kimbriel, '83 Harold A. “Hal” Krause












Terry Considine - COLORADO BUSINESS HALL OF FAME
































COLORADO BUSINESS HALL OF FAME





				Home
			



				Laureates By Name
			



				Laureates by Year
			



				Sponsors
			



				Junior Achievement
			



				Denver Metro Chamber of Commerce
			



				Nomination Form
			








								Home
							



								Laureates By Name
							



								Laureates by Year
							



								Sponsors
							



								Junior Achievement
							



								Denver Metro Chamber of Commerce
							



								Nomination Form
							












Terry Considine





Terry Considine is a life-long Colorado entrepreneur focused on business, politics and family. He has served as Chairman/CEO of five public companies, investing in real estate, television broadcasting, convenience stores, and environmental testing services. As Chairman/CEO and owner of the Considine Companies, he has made numerous investments in real estate, venture capital, and distressed assets.Mr. Considine’s first Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) IPO was in 1971, while still in law school. In 1994, he led the IPO of Apartment Investment and Management Company (“Aimco”) whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange and included in the S&P 500 index of the largest public companies. He has served as its Chairman/CEO for the past 22 years. Aimco’s vision is to be the best owner and operator of apartment communities, inspired by a talented team committed to exceptional customer service, strong financial performance and outstanding corporate citizenship.From the outside looking in, it appears that Aimco is more than achieving its vision. In 2016, for the fourth consecutive year, The Denver Post named Aimco a Top Workplace in Colorado. Aimco has received numerous industry recognitions, including top honors from the National Affordable Housing Management Association for having the greatest number of affordable communities named “Communities of Quality.”In addition to business, Mr. Considine has been active in politics, elected twice to the Colorado Senate (1987 to 1992) and holding leadership roles in numerous campaigns and political organizations. He was dubbed the “father of term limits” after organizing Coloradans Back in Charge, a grassroots movement that led Colorado voters to impose term limits on the governor and state legislators. He is a co-founder and serves on the board of Club for Growth, a political organization of 100,000 Americans committed to advancing economic growth and limited government by driving change in the United States Congress.​The fourth of eleven children, Mr. Considine was born in San Diego, California, and raised on a cattle ranch. He is a graduate of Harvard College and Harvard Law School. He has been a director for 20 years, and chairman for six years, of the $1 billion Bradley Foundation in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. In Denver, he is a director of Intrepid Potash (NYSE: IPI) and Colorado Christian University. He has been married for 45 years to his wife Betsy. They work as a team in philanthropy, supporting education reform and other worthy causes. Most of all, they enjoy spending time at their ranch in western Colorado with their three adult children and their families. 










Create a free website

			Powered by 






















✕










2012 Legacy Award Recipient - Terry Considine - Leadership Program of the Rockies Annual Retreat
















































2012 Legacy Award Recipient


TERRY CONSIDINE
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Apartment Investment & Management Company (“AIMCO”)
Terry Considine has been active in business and community matters since his graduation from Harvard College (1968) and Harvard Law School (1971). He has led two IPOs and served five public companies as Chairman/CEO. At present, he is Chairman/CEO of Apartment Investment and Management Company, a NYSE and S&P 500 REIT, as well as Considine Investment Company, a private investment firm which has invested in real estate, venture capital, convenience stores, a CBS television station, and environmental laboratories.
Terry has been active in politics: managing the successful United States Senate campaign of Bill Armstrong (Colorado, 1984); being elected twice to the Colorado State Senate; playing a leading role in initiative campaigns in Colorado and elsewhere; running unsuccessfully as the Republican nominee for the United States Senate from Colorado (1992); and serving as a founding director of Club for Growth.
Terry is Chairman of The Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation, a director of Intrepid Potash, Inc., and a member of the Board of Trustees of Colorado Christian University.  He is also a director of the Considine Family Foundation which makes charitable grants primarily in support of education.  In the past, Terry has been a member of the Massachusetts Bar and the Young Presidents Organization. Past Winners


2015 Legacy Award Recipient


ALEX CRANBERG
Alex Cranberg is the President and Chairman of the Board of Aspect Management Corporation which manages the Aspect family of companies. The name Aspect was derived from Alex’s philosophy of embracing diverse and innovative approaches to solving problems and creating opportunities.  Aspect is now a respected and active global enterprise, which together with its partners, has invested over $1 billion dollars in exploration and production activities. Prior to founding the Aspect Group, Alex was as an operations and reservoir engineer for Houston Oil and Minerals Corp, later joining General Atlantic Partners, where he was responsible for its successful petroleum investments in the volatile 1980’s.
Alex was raised in Los Alamos, NM, Charlottesville, VA, and Austin, TX.  He graduated from University of Texas at Austin in 1977 receiving a degree in Petroleum Engineering.  He went on to earn his MBA from Stanford University in 1981. In 2011, Governor Rick Perry (R-TX), appointed Cranberg to a six year term on The University of Texas System Board of Regents where he also serves as Chairman of the University Lands Advisory Board and the Facilities Planning and Construction Committee. 
Alex is also active in philanthropy.  His philanthropic efforts are focused both on backing diversity and innovation in education (as Chairman of ACE Scholarship Foundation) and activism in a variety of public policy areas, including serving on the Board of Directors of The Leadership Program of the Rockies.  He was named to them Rocky Mountain Oil and Gas Hall of Fame in 2010.
Alex is married to Cathy Neville Cranberg and has four children:  Hannah, Clare, Shane and Skylar.
 


2014 Legacy Award Recipient


HONORABLE BILL HYBL
William (Bill) Hybl has lead an exceptional career across various fields of public service before becoming the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the El Pomar Foundation in Colorado Springs. Bill has been a generous supporter of the Leadership Program of the Rockies since its inception.
In 2008, President George W. Bush appointed Mr. Hybl to Chairman of the U.S. Commission of Public Diplomacy and was later reappointed to this same position by President Obama in 2011. Hybl spent six years on the Public Diplomacy Commission, including four as Vice-Chair before his appointment as Chairman in 2008. He has served as the U.S. Representative to the 56th General Assembly of the United Nations in 2001.
On top of his public service in the international scene, Hybl has served the United States Olympic Committee in numerous capacities as well. He is the President Emeritus of the United States Olympic Committee, and has served as the President of the Olympic Team Delegations at the 1992 Olympic Games.
Currently, Bill is the Vice Chairman of the Board of The BroAdmoor, Chairman of the Air Force Academy Foundation and The Hundred Club of Colorado Springs. He is a Life Trustee for Colorado College, while serving on the boards for Garden City Company, FirstBank Holding Company of Colorado, and Mountain States Employers Council. He and his wife Kathleen are the proud parents of two sons and six grandchildren.


2013 Legacy Award Recipient


SENATOR BILL ARMSTRONG
"Under Senator Armstrong's insightful guidance, the Leadership Program of the Rockies continues to flourish and create leaders in Colorado and beyond," LPR President Shari Williams stated. "Senator Armstrong's spirit of entrepreneurship and principled leadership sets a shining example for our alumni, who influence decisions at every level of government."
Armstrong's successes span both business and politics. He served six years in the House of Representatives and 12 as a U.S. Senator. Armstrong started or purchased four mortgage banking firms and was formerly chairman of Cherry Creek Mortgage Company, which grew 4,000 percent under his guidance. Previous positions include being the director of six public companies, chairman/owner/operator of 13 private companies and serving on the board of Campus Crusade for Christ for 17 years. Currently, Armstrong is the President of Colorado Christian University in Lakewood, CO, the chairman of software developer Blueberry Systems and director of oil and gas drilling contractor Helmerich & Payne.



Registration OptionsStandard Individual PackageDeluxe Individual PackageDeluxe Couples PackageA la Carte IndividualA la Carte Couple or GroupSaturday Night Plug-In EventCorporate Sponsorship











 










CCCPA | 



























































×
LATEST NEWS: Welcome to our new website!



















 









Considine & Considine
Certified Public Accountants





Considine & Considine
Certified Public Accountants





Considine & Considine
Certified Public Accountants





Considine & Considine
Certified Public Accountants












Strategic Business Partners You Can Trust




Since the founding of our firm in 1946, our goal has been to provide personal and superior services to business and professional practice owners in a responsive, smart and cost-effective manner. Our ability to fully understand and cater to your needs, as well as those of your business, is what makes our firm an ideal financial partner. Welcome and thank you for visiting our website. In addition to providing you with a profile of our firm and the services we provide, this website has been designed to become a helpful resource tool to you, our valued clients and visitors. Our dedication to superior client service has brought us to the Internet as we endeavor to continue to provide the highest quality professional service and guidance.
 
 
About Us
A DIVERSIFIED FIRM
We offer a multitude of services ranging from traditional compilations, audits, reviews and tax returns, to other specialties, such as personal financial planning, retirement plan administration, management consulting services, litigation support and estate planning.
PERSONAL SERVICE
We value long-term relationships over short-term gains, therefore providing personalized service based on in-depth understanding and trust remains one of our top priorities.
FIXED FEES
We proudly offer a value billing system unique to the accounting industry. Unlike many accounting firms that bill on an hourly basis, we bill for services rendered. We quote our fees before a specific engagement so you can budget your professional services accordingly.
COMMITMENT TO THE PROFESSION
We participate in peer reviews and continue our membership in professional societies, including the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and The California Society of Certified Public Accountants. Considine & Considine is a leader in the certified public accounting industry, providing clients with financial strategies for accomplishing their goals as well as competent, unbiased answers to their questions. Our financial advice is consistent with the highest standards of independence and appropriateness required by all disciplines in the accounting profession.
OUR COMMITMENT TO OUR CLIENT
All of us at Considine & Considine make every effort to tailor our services to your specific needs. Therefore, our continued goals and aspirations not only include offering a wide range of services that reach beyond technical issues, but also becoming your trusted financial partner and sustaining a loyal, confidential friendship.
 

















































 

Terry Considine, Apartment Investment & Management Co: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Terry Considine

Chairman/CEO,
Apartment Investment & Management Co






Career History




Chairman/CEO
Apartment Investment & Management Co, 7/1994-PRESENT


Chairman/CEO
American Land Lease Inc, 8/2000-2/2009


Chairman/CEO
Asset Investors Corp, 4/1998-8/2000


Co-Chairman/Co-CEO
Asset Investors Corp, 9/1996-4/1998


Chairman
Lynde & Harry Bradley Foundation Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.aimco.com






Corporate Information
Address:

4582 South Ulster Street Pkwy
Suite 1100
Denver, CO 80237
United States


Phone:
1-303-757-8101


Fax:
1-303-757-8735


Web url:
www.aimco.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Harvard Law School
JD, 1971


Harvard College
Bachelor's Degree, 1968








Memberships



Board Memberships




Lynde & Harry Bradley Foundation Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Intrepid Potash Inc


Board Member, 4/2008-PRESENT




Apartment Investment & Management Co


Chairman, 7/1994-PRESENT




American Land Lease Inc


Chairman, 8/2000-2/2009




Asset Investors Corp


Chairman, 4/1998-8/2000




Asset Investors Corp


Co-Chairman, 9/1996-4/1998




Lynde & Harry Bradley Foundation Inc


Chairman, FORMER



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          













Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















terry considine - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found Terry Considine | BeenVerified.com



Ad
 ·
www.BeenVerified.com



1) Terry Considine's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





Terry Considine - Several Search Engines at Once | us.alhea.com



Ad
 ·
us.alhea.com/​Terry Considine



Terry Considine Results For You on Alhea Today!





Look Here



More Info



Good Results





Terry Considine - LookSmart - Results for Terry Considine.



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Terry Considine



Results for Terry Considine. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



More Info



Good Results





Searches related toterry considine



terry considine denver


terry considine aimco


betsy considine denver


aimco



betsy considine


betsy callaway considine


keith kimmel aimco


patti fielding aimco




Web Results

Terry Considine - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Considine


Terry Considine (born 1947) is an American politician and the CEO of AIMCO, a real estate investment trust that he helped found through various acquisitions and mergers.


Aimco | About Us | Our Leadership

www.aimco.com/about-us/our-leadership


Our Leadership. Terry Considine . Terry is a life-long entrepreneur focused on business, politics and family. Terry has been an active real estate investor for more ...


Terry Considine

www.ccu.edu/spotlights/trustees/tconsidine


CCU Spotlights Terry Considine. Trustee. Terry Considine has been active in business and community matters since his graduation from Harvard College (1968) and ...


9 Terry Considine profiles | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/terry/considine


View the profiles of professionals named Terry Considine on LinkedIn. There are 9 professionals named Terry Considine, who use LinkedIn to exchange information, ideas ...


#421 Terry Considine - Forbes.com

https://www.forbes.com/lists/2009/12/best-boss-09_Terry-Considine...


Total Compensation $2.05 mil 5-Year Compensation Total $6.45 mil Terry Considine has been CEO of Apartment Investment for 15 years. Mr. Considine has been with the ...


Articles about Terry Considine - latimes

articles.latimes.com/keyword/terry-considine


Terry Considine News. Find breaking news, commentary, and archival information about Terry Considine From The latimes


Terry Considine Sold 135000 shares of ... - Octafinance

www.octafinance.com/terry-considine-sold-135000-shares-of...


Is Apartment Investment and Management Co a "SELL"? The Chairman, Terry Considine just Sold 135,000 shares. What’s its Future? See Stock Ratings, Models, Stock ...


Terry Considine Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Terry-Considine


View the profiles of people named Terry Considine. Join Facebook to connect with Terry Considine and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power...


Terry Considine - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and ...

people.equilar.com/bio/terry-considine-intrepid-potash-/salary/663287


View Terry Considine, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President at Apartment Investment & Management, Denver, CO, executive profile on Equilar ...


Terry Considine - Bloomberg.com

https://www.bloomberg.com/profiles/people/1407220-terry-considine


Terry Considine is Chairman/CEO at Apartment Investment & Management Co. See Terry Considine's compensation, career history, education, & memberships.










We Found Terry Considine | BeenVerified.com



Ad
 ·
www.BeenVerified.com



1) Terry Considine's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





Terry Considine - Several Search Engines at Once | us.alhea.com



Ad
 ·
us.alhea.com/​Terry Considine



Terry Considine Results For You on Alhea Today!





Look Here



More Info



Good Results





Terry Considine - LookSmart - Results for Terry Considine.



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Terry Considine



Results for Terry Considine. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



More Info



Good Results




Searches related toterry considine



terry considine denver


terry considine aimco


betsy considine denver


aimco



betsy considine


betsy callaway considine


keith kimmel aimco


patti fielding aimco




12345Next






Answers







Terry Considine



Terry Considine, JD (born 1947) is an American politician and the CEO of AIMCO, a real estate investment trust that he helped found through various...

more






Aimco



and has anchored a revitalization of its surrounding Los Angeles neighborhood. History Aimco was founded by Terry Considine, who currently serves as...

more






United States Senate election in...



in 1990 Dick Lamm, former Governor of Colorado Results General election Candidates Ben Nighthorse Campbell (D), U.S. Representative Terry Considine...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








