    Joseph Consolino | AmWINS Group Inc | ZoomInfo.com

	
        Compensation Information for Joseph E. (Jeff) Consolino , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of AMERICAN FINANCIAL GROUP INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Joseph E. (Jeff) Consolino 
Executive Compensation
As Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) at AMERICAN FINANCIAL GROUP INC, Joseph E. (Jeff) Consolino  made $4,469,722 in total compensation.  Of this total $868,269 was received as a salary, $1,723,750 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $1,761,428 was awarded as stock and $116,275 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Joseph E. (Jeff) Consolino ,  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) at AMERICAN FINANCIAL GROUP INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. AMERICAN FINANCIAL GROUP INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. AMERICAN FINANCIAL GROUP INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


S. Craig Lindner 
Carl H. Lindner III
John B. Berding 
Vito C. Peraino 

Michelle A. Gillis 






Joseph E. (Jeff) Consolino 


Base Pay$868,269
Bonus + Incentive Comp$1,723,750
Total Cash Compensation$2,592,019


Stock Award Value$1,761,428
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$1,761,428



Total Other$116,275



Total Compensation$4,469,722




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















AFG Joseph E. Consolino Insider Trades for American Financial Group Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































American Financial Group Inc.

                  NYSE: AFG
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

American Financial Group Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


AFG

/quotes/zigman/202438/composite


$
99.73




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 34,326
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/202438/composite
Previous close

$
			100.73
		


$
				99.73
			
Change

-1.00
-0.99%





Day low
Day high
$99.37
$100.69










52 week low
52 week high

            $71.30
        

            $103.19
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Joseph E. Consolino



Mr. Joseph E. Consolino is Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP at American Financial Group, Inc. and Chairman at National Interstate Corp. He is on the Board of Directors at American Financial Group, Inc., AmWINS Group, Inc., and Validus Reinsurance Ltd.
Mr. Consolino was previously employed as President, Chief Executive Officer & Director by Pacre Ltd. and a Managing Director-Financial Institutions Group by Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. He also served on the board at Validus Holdings Ltd. and American Wholesale Insurance Group, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from Duke University and an MBA from Cornell University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





03/15/2017
5,519


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/22/2017
8,475


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2017
4,042


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $93.98 per share.


379,868


03/17/2016
4,654


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/23/2016
11,200


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2016
17,982


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $66.85 per share.


1,202,097


03/10/2015
5,297


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/23/2015
5,940


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2015
15,629


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $62.96 per share.


984,002


03/18/2014
5,796


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/24/2014
6,660


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2014
15,681


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $56.27 per share.


882,370


02/21/2013
121,953


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Carl Henry Lindner 
Co-President, Co-CEO & Director




Mr. Stephen Craig Lindner 
Co-President, Co-CEO & Director




Mr. Joseph E. Consolino 
Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP




Ms. Michelle A. Gillis 
Chief Administrative Officer & Senior VP




Mr. John D. Rogers 
Chief Information Security Officer




Mr. Mark A. Weiss 
Vice President




Mr. Brian S. Hertzman 
Vice President & Controller




Mr. John B. Berding 
Director




Mr. James E. Evans 
Director




Mr. David J. Witzgall 
Treasurer & Vice President




Mr. H. Kim Baird 
Vice President-Taxes




Mr. Robert E. Dobbs 
Vice President-Internal Audit




Ms. Diane P. Weidner 
Assistant Vice President-Investor Relations




Mr. Karl J. Grafe 
Secretary, VP & Assistant General Counsel




Mr. Vito C. Peraino 
Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Kenneth Charles Ambrecht 
Independent Director




Ms. Virginia C. Drosos 
Independent Director




Mr. William Wymond Verity 
Independent Director




Mr. John I. Von Lehman 
Independent Director




Mr. Terry S. Jacobs 
Independent Director




Mr. Gregory G. Joseph 
Independent Director
















Log In




6:01 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:01aFrench economy expands 0.5% in the second quarter 
6:00a'Big Six' Leave Border Adjustment Out of Tax Principles
6:00aAmericans are so uncomfortable asking for money that we’ve resorted to this instead
5:44aOil pauses ahead of U.S. rig data, but 7% weekly gain in sight 
5:42a5 weird things I found out about corporate America in my first 24 hours 
5:35aUBS, Credit Suisse profits up after strategy shift
5:30aStudent loan companies to feds: Tell states to stop regulating us
5:23aBritish-made Seedlip aims to woo the non-drinking crowd
5:05aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
5:04aEuropean stocks sell off as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
5:04aPrince William and Kate Middleton are hiring— though not for these weird five Royal Family jobs
5:02aRightmove profit rises on ad sales
5:02aBank of Ireland profit falls; to restart dividend
5:01aHow do I get a reverse mortgage?
5:00aU.S. tech stocks shape up for another day of selling after Amazon disappoints
4:58aThis city’s subway system will soon run entirely on renewable energy
4:27a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
4:26aUBS, Credit Suisse profit up after strategic shift
4:25aRenault first-half profit leaps on higher volume
4:03aFTSE 100 under pressure as BT pushed lower 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Solak v. Consolino et al Docket Item 1 | United States Courts Archive











You're viewing Docket Item 1 from the case Solak v. Consolino et al. View the full docket and case details.
Download this document: 




























View plain text
IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR 
THE 
NORTHERN 
DISTRICT OF 
OHIO

EASTERN DIVISION 


JOHN SOLAK, Individually And On Behalf Of All Others Similarly Situated, 

Plaintiff, 

v. 

JOSEPH E. CONSOLINO, RONALD J. 
BRICHLER, I. JOHN CHOLNOKY, PATRICK 
J. DENZER, GARY J. GRUBER, DONALD D. 
LARSON, TONY J. MERCURIO, DAVID W. MICHELSON, NORMAN L. ROSENTHAL, 
DONALD W. SCHWEGMAN, ALAN R. 
SPACHMAN, NATIONAL INTERSTATE 
CORP., GREAT AMERICAN INSURANCE 
COMPANY, AMERICAN FINANCIAL 
GROUP, INC., and GAIC ALLOY, INC., 
Defendants. 
-and- 


Case No. 
5:16
-CV-02470 

Judge 


CLASS AND DERIVATIVE ACTION


VERIFIED SHAREHOLDER CLASS 
AND DERIVATIVE ACTION 
COMPLAINT BASED UPON SELF-
DEALING, BREACH OF FIDUCIARY 
DUTY, AND VIOLATIONS OF THE 
FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS 
JURY DEMAND 



NATIONAL INTERSTATE CORP., an Ohio 
corporation, 

Nominal Defendant. 




John Solak (“Plaintiff”), by and through his 
attorneys, alleges upon information and 
belief, except for 
his own acts, which are alleged upon personal knowledge, as follows: SUMMARY OF THE ACTION 

1.
This is both a derivative and direct stockholder class action brought by Plaintiff 
on behalf of the Company and holders of the common stock of National Interstate Corp. 
(“National Interstate” or the “Company”) other than Defendants (defined below), against 
Defendants for their violations of Sections 13(e), 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 1 of 37. PageID #: 1
of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, including Rule 
14a-9 and Rule 13e-3. Plaintiff also asserts claims against the members of National Interstate’s 
board of directors (the “Individual Defendants” or “Board”) and Great American Insurance 
Company (“Great American”) for breaches of fiduciary duty in connection with the proposed 
acquisition of National Interstate by Great American through a merger transaction, as detailed 
herein (the “Proposed Transaction”). 
2.
On July 25, 2016, National Interstate and Great American jointly announced that 
they had reached a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger 
(“Merger Agreement”) whereby 
Great American, a wholly-owned subsidiary of American Financial Group, Inc. (“AFGI”), will 
acquire the approximately 49% of 
National Interstate’s issued and outstanding common shares 
that it does not presently own. The Proposed Transaction was unanimously approved and 
adopted by the 
members of the board of d
irectors of 
National Interstate, except those members 
who are affiliated with Great American or AFGI. 
Upon the closing of the Proposed Transaction, 
National Interstate will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of AFGI. Pursuant to the Merger 
Agreement, National Interstate common stockholders will have their shares cancelled and 
automatically converted into the right to receive $32.00 in cash, plus a dividend of $0.50 per 
share

(the “Merger Consideration”). The total value of the Proposed Transaction is $660 million. 
3.
Defendants violated the above-referenced sections of the Exchange Act, and rules 
and regulations promulgated by the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), by 
filing a materially incomplete and misleading Schedule 14A Preliminary Proxy Statement with 
the SEC on 
August 16
, 2016, which was later revised on September 20, 2016 (the “Proxy”). The 
Proxy recommends that National Interstate stockholders exchange their shares pursuant to the 
terms of the Merger Agreement, based, among other things, on the opinion rendered by the Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 2 of 37. PageID #: 2
Special Committee’s (defined below) financial advisor, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC (“Morgan 
Stanley”) and other internal and external factors the National Interstate Board purportedly 
considered in making the recommendation. 
4.
National Interstate’s Board is controlled by Great American, the Company’s 
majority shareholder, and by Great American’s parent Company, AFGI. Great American owes 
independent fiduciary duties to Plaintiff and the Class as a controlling stockholder of National 
Interstate. A majority of the Board consists of senior officers of either Great American or AFGI, 
or former and current Presidents and Chief Executive Officers (“CEO”) of the Company. These 
conflicted directors breached their fiduciary duty of loyalty to the Company’s shareholders by 
facilitating Great American’s and AFGI’s efforts to acquire the Company for a bargain. The 
Merger Agreement also contains a provision requiring the immediate vesting and cashing out of 
all the outstanding equity owned by the Company’s directors and officers upon consummation of 
the Proposed Transaction. 

5.
Further, the Board failed to give the special committee, made up of those directors 
that are not also employed by Great American or AFGI (the “Special Committee”), clear 
authority to negotiate and to consider all available alternatives to the Proposed Transaction, and 
the Special Committee failed to insist on the right to look at alternatives, to conduct a pre-
agreement market check, and ultimately gave up its negotiating leverage
. 
6.
The final offer of $32.00 plus the $0.50 dividend payment was conditioned on 
Defendant Alan R. Spachman’s (“Spachman”) agreement to vote his shares in favor of the deal, 
which represents 9.7% of the outstanding common shares of the Company. 
7.
Not only was the forced sales process for the Company fundamentally flawed, but 
the agreed upon Merger Consideration is inadequate. The Defendants have urged the Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 3 of 37. PageID #: 3
Company’s minority shareholders to cash-out their shares and forego benefitting from the 
Company’s future profitability and dividend payouts. The Company has consistently announced 
positive financial results in recent quarters. Indeed, for the second quarter 2016, the Company 
reported net income per share of $0.45, compared to $0.33 for the same period in 2015, and 
$0.80 for the first six months of 2016
,
compared to $0.69 the previous year. Net income for both 
periods reflects improved underwriting results which were offset by expenses related to the 
Proposed Transaction. 

8.
In order to lock up the Proposed Transaction in favor of Great American, the 
Board included various preclusive and onerous deal protection 
provisions in the Merger 
Agreement, including: (i) a strict “no-solicitation” provision that prohibits the Company from 
soliciting other potential acquirers or from continuing ongoing discussions with potential 
acquirers; (ii) a 
five-day matching rights period during which Great American can match any 
superior proposal received by the Company; and (iii) a provision that requires the Company to 
pay Great American a “termination fee” of $13,500,000 in cash plus $3,950,000 in expenses in 
order to enter in a transaction with a superior bidder.
These provisions unreasonably inhibit the 
Board’s ability to act with respect to investigating and pursuing superior proposals and 
alternatives. 
9.
In addition to the accelerated vesting of their equity holdings, National Interstate 
insiders and officers will either be retained by the surviving entity and/or receive cash severance 
payments under the Company’s change in control agreements. 
10.
In pursuing the plan to facilitate Great American’s acquisition of National 
Interstate for grossly inadequate consideration, through a flawed process, the Defendants 
violated Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, and regulations thereunder, by causing Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 4 of 37. PageID #: 4
the materially incomplete and misleading Proxy to be filed with the SEC and thereby 
disseminated to the Company’s stockholders. The Proxy recommends that National Interstate 
public stockholders vote in favor of the Proposed Transaction based on misleading information 
and 
without disclosing all material information, which renders the Proxy misleading. 
11.
Specifically, the Proxy contains materially incomplete and misleading 
information concernin
g (i) the background of the Proposed Transaction; and (ii) the financial 
analyses of the Proposed Transaction performed by Morgan Stanley. 
12.
For these reasons and as set forth in detail herein, Plaintiff seeks to enjoin 
Defendants from taking any steps to consummate the Proposed Transaction or, in the event the 
Proposed Transaction

is consummated,

to recover damages under the claims asserted herein. JURISDICTION AND VENUE 

13.
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 9331 and Section 27 of the Exchange Act, this Court has 
jurisdiction over the claims asserted herein for violations of Sections 13(e), 14(a) and 20(a) of 
the Exchange Act and SEC Rule
s 14a-9 and 13e-3 promulgated thereunder. This Court has 
supplemental jurisdiction over the remaining claims under 28 U.S.C. Ë
67.

14.
The Court has personal jurisdiction over Defendants because each is either a 
corporation that conducts business in and maintains operations in this District, or is an individual 
who has sufficient minimum contacts with this District so as to render the exercise of jurisdiction 
by this Court 
permissible under traditional notions of fair play and substantial justice.

15.
Venue is proper in this District pursuant to 28 U.S.C. Ë91(b) because Plaintiff’s 
claims arose in this District, where most of the actionable conduct took place, where most of the 
documents are electronically stored, and where the evidence exists. 
National Interstate is 
incorporated in Ohio and is headquartered in Richfield, which is within this District. 
Moreover, Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 5 of 37. PageID #: 5
each of the Individual Defendants, as Company officers and/or directors, has extensive contacts 
within this District. THE PARTIES 
16.
Plaintiff is, and at all relevant times was, a stockholder of Defendant National 
Interstate since prior to the wrongs complained of herein. 
17.
National Interstate is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Ohio, 
with its principal executive offices located at 3250 Interstate Drive, Richfield, Ohio 44286. The 
Company and its subsidiaries operate as an insurance holding company that underwrites and sells 
traditional and alternative property and casualty insurance products to the passenger 
transportation, trucking and moving and storage industries, general commercial insurance to 
small businesses in Hawaii and Alaska, and personal insurance to owners of recreational vehicles 
throughout the United States. 
The Company went public in 2012 and since then has traded on 
the 
NASDAQ 
Stock Exchange under the symbol “NATL.” 
18.
Defendant Anthony J. Mercurio has served as the Company’s President since 
November 2015 and became the CEO on May 5, 2016, succeeding Defendant David W. 
Michelson (“Michelson”). 
19.
Defendant Joseph E. Consolino (“Consolino”) has been a director of National 
Interstate since 2006 and has been the Chairman of the Board since February 15, 2013. 
Consolino has also served as the executive vice president of AFGI since February 16, 2013, and 
since March 1, 2013, 
he has served as the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of AFGI. Consolino 
also serves on the Board of AFGI. 
20.
Defendant Ronald J. Brichler (“Brichler”) has been a director of National 
Interstate since 2010. Brichler has been employed by AFGI since 1976 and is currently the 
executive vice president of AFGI. Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 6 of 37. PageID #: 6
21. Defendant I. John Cholnoky (“Cholnoky”) has been a director of National 
Interstate since March 2015. Cholnoky is a member of the Special Committee. 22. Defendant Patrick J. Denzer (“Denzer”) has been a director of National Interstate 
since 
2014
. 

Denzer is a member of the 
Special Committee. 
23.
Defendant Gary J. Gruber (“Gruber”) has been a National Interstate director since 
1991. 

Gruber also serves as executive vice president of Great American and has held a variety of 
positions at Great American since 1977. 
Gruber has also served on the Board of Great American 
since 1993. 

24.
Defendant Donald D. Larson (“Larson”) has been a director since 1991. Larson is 
also the President and Chief Operating Officer (“COO”) of Great American Property & Casualty 
Insurance Group, a specialty group within Great American, and formerly the executive vice 
president and president at that company. 
Larson joined AFGI in 1973 and Great American in 
1981 and has served as a director of Great American since 1988. Larson served as the Chairman 
of the Co
mpany’s Board from 1993 until 2004. 
25.
Defendant Michelson was the Company’s President and CEO from January 2008 
until May 5, 2016, when he was succeeded by Mercurio. 
Michelson joined the Company in 
1992, holding various positions, including President and 
COO in 2007. 
26.
Defendant Norman L. Rosenthal (“Rosenthal”) has been a director of National 
Interstate since 2014. Previously, Rosenthal was employed by Morgan Stanley for 15 years in 
the firm’s property and casualty insurance industry group. Rosenthal is a member of the Special 
Committee. 
27.
Defendant Donald W. Schwegman (“Schwegman”) has been a director of 
National Interstate since 2014. Schwegman is a member of the Special Committee. Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 7 of 37. PageID #: 7
28. Defendant Spachman is the founder of the Company and served as the Company’s 
Chairman of the Board from 2004 through 2013. 
Spachman was also the CEO from the 
Company’s inception in 1989 through 2007. Spachman is a member of the Special Committee. 
29.
Defendants above are collectively referred to hereinafter as the “Individual 
Defendants” or the “Board.” 
30.
Each of the Individual Defendants herein is sued individually, and as an aider and 
abettor, as well as in his or her capacity as an officer and/or director of the Company, and the 
liability of each arises from the fact that he or she has engaged in all or part of the unlawful acts, 
plans, schemes, or transactions complained of herein.

31.
Defendant Great American Insurance is an Ohio corporation headquartered in 
Cincinnati that engages primarily in property and casualty insurance, focusing on specialized 
commercial products for businesses, and in the sale of traditional fixed and fixed
-indexed 
annuities. 
32.
Defendants GAIC Alloy, Inc. (“Merger Sub”) is an Ohio corporation and wholly-
owned subsidiary of Great American Insurance, and was formed for purposes of effectuating the 
Proposed Transaction.

33.
Defendant AFGI is an Ohio corporation headquartered in Cincinnati that provides 
multi
-line property and casualty insurance. AFGI is the parent corporation of Great American 
Insurance. 
34.
Collectively, the Individual Defendants, National Interstate, Great American, 
AFGI, and Merger Sub are referred to herein as the “Defendants.” CLASS ACTION ALLEGATIONS 
35.
Plaintiff brings this action on his own behalf and as a class action pursuant to rule 
23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, on behalf of all holders of National Interstate Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 8 of 37. PageID #: 8
common stock who are holders of record and entitled to vote on the Proposed Transaction and 
are being and will be harmed by Defendants’ actions described below (the “Class”). Excluded 
from the Class are Defendants herein and any person, firm, trust, corporation or other entity 
related to or affiliated with any of the Defendants. 
36.
This action is properly maintainable as a class action because: 
(a) The Class is so numerous that joinder of all members is impracticable. As of 
August 1
, 2016 there were approximately 19,927,191 shares of National Interstate 
common stock issued and 
outstanding. Class members are believed to be 
geographically dispersed. 
(b) Plaintiff is committed to prosecuting this action and has retained competent 
counsel experienced in litigation of this nature. Plaintiff’s claims are typical of 
the claims of the other members of the Class and Plaintiff has the same interests 
as the other members of the Class. Plaintiff is an adequate representative of the 
Class and will fairly and adequately protect the interests of the Class; 
(c) The prosecution of separate actions by individual members of the Class would create a risk of inconsistent or varying adjudications with respect to individual members of the Class which would establish incompatible standards of conduct for the party opposing the Class; 
(d) To the extent Defendants take further steps to effectuate the Proposed 
Transaction, preliminary and final injunctive relief on behalf of the Class as a 
whole will be entirely appropriate because 
Defendants have acted, or refused to 
act, on grounds generally applicable and causing injury to the Class. Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 9 of 37. PageID #: 9
37. There are questions of law and fact that are common to the Class and that 
predominate over questions affecting any individual 
Class member, and a class action is superior 
to other available methods for fairly and efficiently adjudicating the controversy. The common 
questions include, 
inter alia, the following: 
(a) Whether Defendants have violated Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, Rule 14a-
9
, or other SEC rules 
regarding the disclosure of material information to 
Company stockholders; 
(b) Whether the Individual Defendants have violated Section 20(a) of the Exchange 
Act; 
(c) Whether the Individual Defendants breached their fiduciary duties; 
(d) Whether Great American and/or GAIC Alloy, Inc. breached its fiduciary duties as 
controlling stockholders of the Company; and 
(e) Whether Plaintiff and the other members of the Class would suffer irreparable 
injury were the Proposed Transaction consummated as presently anticipated
.
DERIVATIVE AND DEMAND FUTILITY ALLEGATIONS 
38.
Plaintiff also brings this action derivatively in the right and for the benefit of 
National Interstate to redress injuries suffered, and to be suffered, by the Company as a direct 
result of the breaches of fiduciary duty, violations of the Exchange Act, and th
e aiding and 
abetting thereof, by Defendants.

39.
Plaintiff will adequately and fairly represent the interests of National Interstate 
and its shareholders in enforcing and prosecuting its rights. 
40.
Plaintiff is and was an owner of the stock of National Interstate during all times 
relevant to the misconduct by Defendants as alleged herein. Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 10 of 37. PageID #: 10
41. Plaintiff has not made a demand on the Board to file suit for the breaches of 
fiduciary duty and violations of the Exchange Act alleged herein because such a demand would 
be a futile and useless act, particularly because: 
(a) All of the directors on the Board are alleged to have committed violations 
of federal law and/or breaches of their fiduciary duties for which they are accountable to the 
Company and to the Company’s 
shareholders; 
(b) All of the members of the Board knew of and/or will directly benefit 
from the wrongdoing complained of herein, including receiving vested and unvested equity 
holdings and golden parachute compensation if and only if the Proposed Transaction is 
consummated; 
(c) All of the directors on the Board are named as wrongdoers and Defendants 
in this lawsuit; 
(d) Each Individual Defendant was in the possession of non-public 
information regarding the Proposed Transaction and the material omissions and misleading 
disclosures at issue in this litigation;

(e) Each Individual Defendant reviewed the Proxy before it was disseminated, 
and approved the dissemination thereof; 
(f) Each Individual Defendant was responsible for the disclosures and 
omissions in the Proxy; 
(g) Each Individual Defendant recommended that the Company’s 
shareholders vote in favor of the unfair Proposed Transaction in the Proxy; Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 11 of 37. PageID #: 11
(h) Each Individual Defendant violated the individual rights of the Company’s 
shareholders to make a fully informed vote on the Proposed 
Transaction by disseminating a 
flawed Proxy; 
(i)
In order to bring this suit, all of the directors of National Interstate would 
be forced to sue themselves and persons with whom they have extensive business and personal 
entanglements, which they will not do, thereby excusing demand; 
(j)
The acts complained of constitute violations of federal law and/or 
breaches of the fiduciary duties owed by National Interstate officers and directors and these acts 
are incapable of ratification; 
(k) Any suit by the directors of National Interstate to remedy these wrongs 
would likely expose the Individual Defendants and National Interstate to further civil actions 
being filed against one or more of the Individual Defendants, thus, they are hopelessly conflicted 
in making any supposedly independent determination whether to sue themselves; 
(l)
Each member of the Board is, directly or indirectly, the recipient of 
remuneration paid by the Company, including benefits, stock options, and other emoluments by 
virtue of their Board membership and con
trol over the Company, the continuation of which is 
dependent upon their cooperation with the other members of the Board, and their participation 
and acquiescence in the wrongdoing set forth herein and
they are therefore incapable of 
exercising independent objective judgment in deciding whether to bring this action; 
(m)
Due to their association as directors of the Company and/or their positions 
as present or former employees, the directors are dominated and controlled so as not to be 
capable of exercising independent objective judgment; and Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 12 of 37. PageID #: 12
(n) National Interstate’s current and past officers and directors are protected 
by directors and officers' liability insurance against personal liability for their breaches of 
fiduciary duty alleged in this Complaint, which they caused the Company to purchase for their 
protection
with corporate funds, i.e., monies belonging to the shareholders of National Interstate. 
However, due to certain changes in the language of directors' and officers' liability insurance 
policies in the past few years, the directors' and officers' liability insurance policies covering the 
Defendants in this case contain provisions which eliminate coverage for any action brought 
directly by National Interstate against these Defendants, known as, among other things, the 
"insured versus insured exclusion." As a result, if these directors were to sue themselves or 
certain of the
officers of National Interstate, there would be no directors and officers' insurance 
protection and
thus, this is a further reason why they will not bring such a suit. On the other 
hand, if the suit is brought derivatively, as this action is brought, such insurance coverage exists 
and may provide a basis for the Company to effectuate recovery. If there is no coverage 
pursuant to directors and officers' liability insurance, the defendant directors will not cause 
National Interstate to sue them, since they will face a large uninsured liability. 
42.
Plaintiff has not made any demand on National Interstate shareholders to institute 
this action 
since such demand would be futile and useless action for the following reasons: 
(a) National Interstate is a publicly traded company with nearly 20 million 
shares outstanding, beneficially owned by thousands of shareholders; 
(b) Making demand on such a number of shareholders would be impossible 
for Plaintiff who has no way of finding out their names, addresses, or phone numbers; and 
(c) Even if all shareholders could be individually identified, making demand 
on all shareholders would force Plaintiff to incur enormous 
expenses. Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 13 of 37. PageID #: 13
SUBSTANTIVE ALLEGATIONS 

A. Background 
43.
National Interstate Corporation and its subsidiaries operate as an insurance 
holding company that underwrites and sells traditional and alternative property and casualty 
insurance products primarily to the passenger transportation, trucking and moving and storage 
industries, general commercial insurance to small businesses in Hawaii and Alaska and personal 
insurance to owners of recreational vehicles and commercial vehicles throughout the United 
States. The
Company offers approximately 40 product lines in the specialty property and 
casualty insurance market, which it groups into four general business components (alternative 
risk transfer (ART), transportation, specialty personal lines and Hawaii and Alaska) 
based on the 
class of business, insureds’ risk participation or geographic location. 
44.
The Company’s share price performance of 21.90% over the last twelve months is 
above the peer median of 14.36%, which indicates the Company is a leading performer relative 
to its peers. 

45.
In 1990, Great American acquired a majority ownership in the Company, which it 
still holds. Great American’s parent company, AFGI, with a roughly 51% stake in National 
Interstate, in February 2014 also had offered $30 a share for the remain
ing minority stake in the 
Company. However, that offer was withdrawn after a judge signaled he would block the deal, 
and parties to a lawsuit over it were unable to resolve their differences. 
B. The Proposed Transaction and the Flawed “Process” 
46.
On July 25, 2016, National Interstate issued a press release announcing the 
Proposed Transaction
.

Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 14 of 37. PageID #: 14
47. The process that led to the Proposed Transaction was flawed from the beginning. 
Indeed, there was not a process at all 
–
the Special Committee, with authority delegated by the 
conflicted directors,

negotiated solely and exclusively with 
Great American. 
48.
The Proxy describes a fundamentally flawed process in which the Board failed to 
contact any other entity about the sale of the Company and engaged only with 
Great American. 
The Board authorized the filing of the false and misleading Proxy to obscure and obfuscate its 
actions and inactions, to obtain the requisite shareholder vote to accomplish the takeover of the 
Company. 
49.
After launching an unsuccessful tender offer in 2014 to acquire the Company for 
$28 per share, deemed coercive by this Court, AFGI and Great American renewed an attempt in 
March 2016 
to squeeze out the minority shareholders of the Company. 
50.
On March 6, 2016, the board of Great American met and approved a proposal for 
AFGI to acquire all of the outstanding common shares not already owned by Great American for 
$30 per share. The board of Great American also determined that formation of the Special 
Committee and shareholder vote would be necessary, to avo
id another judicial 
rejection of a 
takeover. 
51.
The conflicted director Consolino was chosen to represent AFGI and Great 
American in negotiating the Proposed Transaction with the Company. 
Consolino is the 
Chairman of the Company Board and also the executive 
vice president, CFO, and board member 
of AFGI. 
Consolino communicated to the directors who were purportedly unaffiliated with AFGI 
or Great American (the “Unaffiliated Directors”) that a proposal 
was forthcoming, in the form of 
a letter proposing to acquire the Company for $30 per share, which was delivered to the Board 
the evening of March 6, 2016. 
Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 15 of 37. PageID #: 15
52. The Unaffiliated Directors decided to retain Wilkie Farr & Gallagher LLP as legal 
counsel to the Special Committee, and sub
sequently, decided to include all Unaffiliated Directors 
on the Special Committee. 

53.
The whole Board met on April 6, 2016 and adopted resolutions concerning the 
scope of the Special Committee’s authority. The Special Committee was delegated the power 
and authority to: 
(1) make such investigation of the Proposed Transaction as the Special Committee 
deemed appropriate; 
(2) consider and recommend to the Board whether or not it would be in the best interests of the Company and the holders of the common shares of the Company to proceed with the Proposed Transaction and/or to engage in discussions and/or negotiations with respect thereto; 
(3) negotiate with AFGI and Great American any element of the Proposed 
Transaction; 
(4) consult with and/or advise management, on behalf of the Board, in connection 
with discussions and/or negotiations concerning potential terms and conditions of 
the Proposed Transaction; 
(5) consider such other matters as may be requested by the Board from time to time; 
(6) make any recommendations to the Board concerning the Proposed Transaction 
that the special committee deemed appropriate, including recommendations with 
respect to any matters requested by the Board; and 
(7) determine to elect not to pursue the Proposed Transaction. 
Proxy at 24. Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 16 of 37. PageID #: 16
54. The Special Committee however, was not given clear authority to contact other 
possible bidders for a market check, foreclosing the possibility of a higher bid for the Company 
from either a strategic or financial buyer. Although the Special Committee appears to have 
considered other bidders based on materials prepared by Morgan Stanley, it is clear that the 
Special Committee did not instruct Morgan Stanley to do a full and real auction process to 
maximize shareholder value. 

55.
“Negotiations” commenced between the Special Committee and Consolino on 
behalf of Great American, and Morgan Stanley began a financial analysis of a possible 
transaction with Great American. 
Consolino was periodically updated by Arthur J. Gonzales, the 
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company (“Gonzalez”) regarding 
the potential transaction. 
Specifically, on May 12, 2016, Gonzales provided an update to 
Consolino about the process and timing of the Proposed Transaction, and summarized requests 
Morgan Stanley made to Company management relating to the Company’s outlook and other 
financial information, which were topics for discussion at the meeting between the Special 
Committee and Morgan Stanley scheduled for the next day. 
Consolino also had access to 
management information, including 
the analysis of Duff & Phelps, the financial advisor for 
National Interstate, during the 2014 tender offer by AFGI. Duff & Phelps considered this to be 
highly inappropriate and ended its participation in the process.
AFGI and Great American have 
therefore, continued to take advantage of highly material inside information obtained from the 
conflicted directors. 
56.
On May 26, 2016, Morgan Stanley presented its preliminary financial analysis to 
the Special Committee, which included potential strategic alternatives to the Proposed 
Transaction, i.e., sale of the Company to a third party financial or strategic buyer, and areas of Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 17 of 37. PageID #: 17
potential additional value and synergies that Morgan Stanley had identified. It is unclear 
whether the Special Committee discussed the possibility of conducting an auction for the 
Company. However, the Special Committee directed Morgan Stanley to make a presentation to 
Great American regarding the additional value and synergies because it felt that would be a 
“negotiating tactic.” Proxy at 26. 
57.
Morgan Stanley made the presentation to Consolino on June 2, 2016, including 
areas of potential additional value and synergies as potential drivers for value, and its initial 
views as to potential ranges of values for the Proposed Transaction. The Proxy does not disclose 
what the potential ranges are, but subsequent to this meeting, 
on June 24, 2016, 
Great American 
and AFGI decided to increase its offer for the Company from $30 per share to $30.75 per share. 
While an eager National Interstate shareholder could theoretically obtain some information about 
the synergies considered by Morgan Stanley by accessing the SEC’s Edgar database and 
scouring the 
various Morgan Stanley presentations attached to the 13E3/A Great American filed 
with the SEC on September 20, 2016, shareholders are not required to look beyond a proxy 
statement to uncover material information. That an investor could hypothetically conduct 
research to clarify ambiguities and discover omissions in the proxy statement does not relieve the 
Board of its fiduciary duties and obligations under the federal securities laws. Shareholders are 
entitled to a candid disclosure of all material facts and are not be required to ask a series of 
detailed questions to elicit the material fact. Further, the “total mix” of information does not 
encompass the total universe of information available in the public domain. Indeed, a reasonable 
investor is not required to pore through SEC filings.


58.
The Special Committee met and quickly decided to reject the June 24 offer three 
days later. The Special Committee discussed maintaining the Company as a stand-alone entity or Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 18 of 37. PageID #: 18
negotiating further with Great American. However, it did not raise the possibility of a market 
check, even as a negotiating tactic. 
59.
On July 1, 2016, Morgan Stanley met with Consolino to discuss the rejection of 
the revised proposal, and Consolino demanded to speak to Rosenthal, the Chairman of the 
Special Committee directly, and expressed that AFGI may consider an increase in the sale 
price. 

Both Rosenthal and Consolino stated that they each believed certain shareholders of the 
Company support rejecting and accepting the revised $30.75 proposal, respectively. 
60.
On July 5, 2016, AFGI’s Board met telephonically and authorized Consolino to 
propose an increase in AFGI’s offer for the Company 
to $32.00 per share. The next day, 
Consolino delivered a letter containing the $32.00 proposal to Morgan Stanley as 
AFGI’s best 
and final offer, followed by a press release announcing the same. Certain unidentified members 
of the Special Committee deemed the $32.00 proposal insufficient, but the Proxy fails to specify 
why such members deemed the price insufficient. 
61.
The $32 proposal came at a time when the Company was on the brink of 
announcing second quarter 2016 results.
Defendant Mercurio indicated to the Special 
Committee and Morgan Stanley, during a meeting discussing the new proposal, that he expected 
the Company to meet or nearly meet the financial targets for the quarter a
ccording to the 
Company’s internal projections. 
The Special Committee resolved not to vote on the new 
proposal pending second quarter results. 
According to the Proxy, Morgan Stanley received input 
from certain shareholders of the Company. 
However, the Proxy does not indicate what those 
shareholders’ views were. 
62.
On July 15, 2016, Morgan Stanley had a telephone conversation with Julie A. 
McGraw (“McGraw”), the Company’s Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 19 of 37. PageID #: 19
regarding the Proposed Transaction and the pending second quarter results. McGraw informed 
Morgan Stanley that certain revisions had been made to the Company’s projected financial 
results with respect to the Proposed Transaction which would decrease value accretion to the 
Company’s business. The Special Committee decided to have Morgan Stanley conduct a revised 
valuation analysis in light of the revisions to the projected financial results. 
63.
On July 20, 2016, the Special Committee and Morgan Stanley met and discussed 
the pending second quarter results as well as Morgan Stanley’s revised financial analysis, which 
no longer reflected material value accretion from the Proposed Transaction. 
The Special 
Committee decided to communicate to Consolino that the Special Committee would likely 
support the $32 proposal, or would definitely unanimously support a proposal of $32.50. The 
Proxy fails to specify why the members of the Special Committee who deemed the $32 price 
inadequate were willing to support a deal for a mere $0.50
more, or 1.5% increase in the offer 
price. Apparently, the members of the Special Committee felt confined to accept the fact that a 
deal with Great American was imminent and mandatory, regardless of the inadequacy of the 
price to the Company’s minority shareholders. They thus agreed to approve a deal for a few 
cents more, rather than pursuing a deal with another suitor for fair value. Spachman was also 
prepared to sign a voting agreement to vote his shares to support the Proposal Transaction at that 
price. 
64.
Consolino and Carl H. Lindner III, Co-CEO, Co-President and Director of AFGI 
responded by stating that AFGI would consider allowing the Company to issue a special 
dividend of $0.50 per share to all shareholders immediately prior to the closing of the Merger if 
the Special Committee was prepared to unanimously approve the Proposed Transaction at the 
current 
offer price of $32 per share, with Spachman agreeing to a voting agreement. Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 20 of 37. PageID #: 20
65. On July 21, 2016, the Special Committee met and resolved to instruct Morgan 
Stanley to use the 
Company’s 2016
-2018 projections as the basis for its financial analysis of the 
final proposal, and to proceed to negotiate the Proposed Transaction based on the final proposal. 
66.
Thereafter, the parties finalized the terms of the Merger Agreement, after what 
appears to have been some mild back-and-forth negotiations for three days, agreeing to final 
merger consideration of $32 per share plus a $.050 dividend. 
67.
On July 24, 2016, the Special Committee recommended that the Board approve 
the Merger Agreement. No effort appears to have been made during these final negotiations to 
seek a 
“go-shop” clause in the Merger Agreement to allow National Interstate to engage in a 
limited market check. The entire Board then proceeded to consider the approval of the Proposed 
Transaction, and the Special Committee, along with Mercurio and Michelson, approved the deal. 
The rest of the Board, although present, recused themselves from the approval. Proxy at 32. 

68.
The coercive nature of this squeeze-out merger is illustrated by the fact that the 
Proxy cites AFGI’s refusal to consider voting in favor of any alternative transaction as a reason 
the Special Committee decided to agree to the Proposed Transaction. Proxy at 35. C. The Proposed Transaction Undervalues National Interstate Shares 
69.
The Merger Consideration offered to National Interstate’s public stockholders in 
the Proposed Transaction is unfair and grossly inadequate because, among other things, the 
intrinsic value of 
the Company’s common stock is materially in excess of the amount offered for 
those securities in the proposed acquisition given the Company’s prospects for future growth and 
earnings. Indeed, one of Morgan Stanley’s valuation presentations indicates that the Company is 
worth up to $45.86 per share.
The Proposed Transaction will deny Class members their right to Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 21 of 37. PageID #: 21
fully share equitably in the true value of the Company. The benefits obtained by Great American 
through the Proposed Transaction outweigh those provided

by 
the Merger Consideration. 
70.
As noted above, for the last several earnings results reports, the Company had 
reported positive results and growth trends and had beaten 
Wall Street 
estimates. 71. Thus, on August 2, 2016, the Company released its 2016 second quarter results. 
The Company reported net income per share of $0.45, increased from $0.33 for the same period 
in 2015; net investment income of $10.8 million for the quarter was ahead of the same period last 
year, reflecting an increase in average cash and invested assets. 
72.
Individual Defendant Mercurio stated in the press release announcing the results: 
Underwriting results further improved in the 2016 second quarter which 
contributed to a strong first six months of 
the year. We are certainly pleased and 
encouraged by these first half results, but also recognize that we have more work 
ahead of us to further improve our underwriting results. 

D. The Preclusive Deal Protection Devices 
73.
Despite National Interstate’s strong prospects for future profitability and growth, 
Defendants targeted the sale of the Company solely to Great American and agreed to onerous 
deal provisions and other agreements to ensure a sale 
to Great American. These preclusive deal 
protection devices operate conjunctively to make the Proposed Transaction a fait accompli and 
ensure that no competing offers will emerge for the Company. 
74.
The Merger Agreement contains a strict “no shop” provision prohibiting the 
Board from taking any affirmative action to comply with their fiduciary duties to maximize 
stockholder value, including soliciting alternative acquisition proposals or business 
combinations. The 
Merger Agreement also includes a strict “standstill” provision which 
prohibits, except under extremely limited circumstances, the Defendants from even engaging in 
discussions or negotiations relating to proposals regarding alternative business combinations. 
Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 22 of 37. PageID #: 22
75. Specifically, Section 5.4(a) of the Merger Agreement includes a “no solicitation” 
provision barring the Board and any Company personnel from soliciting, initiating, facilitating or 
encouraging alternative proposals in an attempt to procure a price in excess of the amount 
offered by 
Great American. The Company also must terminate any and all prior or existing 
discussions with other potential suitors. 
76.
Additionally, Section 5.4(b), (c), and (e) of the Merger Agreement grants Great 
American recurring and unlimited matching rights, which provides it with: (i) unfettered access 
to confidential, non
-public information about competing proposals from third parties which it 
can use to prepare a matching bid; and (ii) 
five (5) business days to negotiate with National 
Interstate to amend the terms of the Merger Agreement and make a counter-offer in the event a 
superior offer is received. Section 
5.4
(c) requires the Company to notify Great American within 
24 hours 
if 
it 
receives an inquiry, proposal or offer. 
77.
To further ensure the successful completion of the Proposed Transaction and deter 
other interested parties from submitting a superior offer, the Board locked up the deal by 
agreeing to pay a termination fee of $
13,500,000 and expenses of $3,950
,000
. 

Section 
7.3(a) and 
(b)
.
The terms of the Merger Agreement essentially require that any alternative bidder agree to 
pay a naked premium for the right to provide 
National Interstate stockholders with a superior 
offer. 
78.
These provisions cumulatively discourage bidders from making a competing bid 
for the Company. E. The Incomplete & Materially Misleading Proxy 
79.
On August 16, 2016 and September 20, 2016, National Interstate filed the Proxy 
with the SEC in connection with the Proposed Transaction. The Proxy misrepresents and/or Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 23 of 37. PageID #: 23
omits material information that is necessary for the Company’s stockholders to make an 
informed decision whether to vote in favor of the Proposed Transaction in violation of Sections 
14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Specifically, the Proxy fails to provide the Company’s 
stockholders with material information concerning the process leading up to the signing of the 
Merger Agreement and information concerning the financial analyses and work performed by 
Morgan Stanley. As a result of the incomplete and misleading Proxy, National Interstate 
stockholders will be unable to make an informed decision concerning whether to vote for or 
against the Merger. 
80.
The Proxy fails to provide material information concerning the process conducted 
by the Board and the events leading up to the signing of the Merger Agreement. In particular, 
the Background of the Merger section contained on pages 21-33 of the Proxy is materially 
deficient in that it fails to disclose the following information: 
(a) The identity of the shareholders with which the Special Committee and 
Morgan Stanley had contact and what their views were regarding the 
various proposals by Great American
/AFGI (Proxy 28); 
(b) The identity of the shareholders with which Great American and/or AFGI 
had contact and what their views were regarding the various proposals by 
Great American/AFGI (Proxy at 28); 
(c) The Company management’s projections used by Morgan Stanley prior to 
the instruction by the Special Committee to use the 2016-2018 projections 
(see Proxy 31); Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 24 of 37. PageID #: 24
(d) How the pending second quarter results impacted the financial analysis 
and why they no longer reflected material value accretion arising 
from the 
Proposed Transaction

(Proxy 30
); 
(e) The rationale for engaging Morgan Stanley as the Company’s financial 
advisor, whether the Board considered and/or v
etted other financial 
advisors, the fees Morgan Stanley has earned from prior work for National 
Interstate, and the reasons the Special Committee decided that Morgan 
Stanley was appropriate in light of the fact that Rosenthal was a former 
Morgan Stanley employee for 15 years; 
(f) The strategic alternatives identified by Morgan Stanley in its preliminary financial analysis presented to the Special Committee on May 26, 2016 (Proxy at 26); 
(g) The Special Committee’s initial views as to potential ranges of values and 
AFGI’s initial views on the ranges of values and underlying valuation 
assumptions that Morgan Stanley had communicated to Consolino (Proxy 
at 27); 
(h) The reasons for revising the Company’s projected financial results with 
respect to the Proposed Transaction (Proxy at 30); 
(i)
The Board’s rationale for not negotiating a “go-shop” provision in the 
Merger Agreement; 
(j)
Whether National Interstate provided Great American with its internal 
financial projections/measures prior to entering the Merger Agreement and 
whether those projections/measures were identical to the Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 25 of 37. PageID #: 25
projections/measures provided to Morgan Stanley for purposes of its 
fairness opinion
; 
(k) All of Morgan Stanley’s engagements, work performed for (and fees 
earned) and/or equity holdings in (i) the Company, and/or (ii) Great 
American (and any and all affiliates and/or subsidiaries). 
81.
Further, the Proxy fails to provide any information regarding the valuation 
analyses that appeared in the June 2, 2016
,
valuation presentation prepared by Morgan Stanley 
and authorized by the Special Committee (the “June 2
nd
Presentation”). The June 2nd 
Presentation “
contained financial analysis regarding the Merger Transaction, which 
included

certain aspects of the Preliminary Financial Analysis and certain areas of potential 
additional value and synergies that the special committee had identified as potential drivers of 
transaction value.”

Proxy at 27. The valuations in the June 2
nd
Presentation suggest that the 
Merger Consideration does not reflect the fair value of the shares held by the Class. While the 
Proxy purports to provide a summary of the “Preliminary Presentations by Morgan Stanley”, 
Proxy at 44, it completely omits a summary of the analyses in the June 2
nd
Presentation. The 
omission of such information renders the description of the June 2
nd
Presentation on page 27 of 
the Proxy materially incomplete and therefore misleading. 
82.
The omission of the above information renders statements in the Proxy, including 
the summary of the background leading up to the signing of the Merger Agreement, the 
description and references to the Company’s projections, and the statements in the Proxy that the 
Merger Consideration is “fair” to the Company’s shareholders, false and/or materially 
misleading in contravention of the Exchange Act. 
Absent disclosure of the foregoing material 
information prior to the special stockholder meeting to vote on the Proposed Transaction, Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 26 of 37. PageID #: 26
Plaintiff and the other members of the Class will be unable to make a fully-informed decision 
whether to exchange
their shares are thus threatened with irreparable harm warranting the 
injunctive relief sought herein. COUNT I 

Class Claim Against Defendants for 
Violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 14a-9 

83.
Plaintiff repeats and realleges each allegation set forth herein. 
84.
Defendants have issued the Proxy with the intention of soliciting stockholder 
support for the Proposed Transaction
. 
85.
Rule 14a-9, promulgated by the SEC pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange 
Act, provides that such communications with stockholders shall not contain “any statement 
which, at the time an in the light of the circumstances under which it is made, is false or 
misleading with respect to any material fact, or whi
ch omits to state any material fact necessary 
in order to make the statements therein not false or misleading.” 17 C.F.R.  .14a-9. 
86.
Specifically, the Proxy violates Section 14(a) and Rule 14a-9 because it omits 
material facts as set forth 
above which renders the statements and information identified above 
false and/or misleading. Moreover, in the exercise of reasonable care, Defendants should have 
known that the 
Proxy is materially misleading and omits material facts that are necessary to 
render it non-misleading. 
87.
Defendants prepared and reviewed the false and misleading Proxy, which failed to 
disclose material facts necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the 
circumstances under which they were made, not false and/or misleading. Defendants were 
obligated to review the Proxy to ensure that it was materially complete and did not contain false 
or misleading statements before it was disseminated to 
National Interstate shareholders. Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 27 of 37. PageID #: 27
88. The misrepresentations and omissions in the Proxy are material to Plaintiff who 
will be deprived of his entitlement to cast a fully informed vote if such misrepresentations and 
omissions are not corrected prior to the vote on the Proposed Transaction. 
As a direct and 
proximate result of Defendants’ conduct, Plaintiff and the Class will be irreparably harmed. 
89.
Plaintiff and the members of the Class have no adequate remedy at law. COUNT II 

Class Claim for Violations of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act 
Against the Individual Defendants 
90.
Plaintiff repeats and realleges each allegation set forth herein. 
91.
The Individual Defendants acted as controlling persons of National Interstate 
within the meaning of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act as alleged herein. By virtue of their 
positions as officers and/or directors of the National Interstate, and participation in and/or 
awareness of the Company’s operations and/or intimate knowledge of the false statements 
contained in the 
Proxy filed with the SEC, they had the power to influence and control and did 
influence and control, directly or indirectly, the decision making of the Company, including the 
content and dissemination of the various statements which Plaintiff contends were false and/or 
materially incomplete and therefore misleading. 
92.
Each of the Individual Defendants were provided with or had unlimited access to 
copies of the 
Proxy and other statements alleged by Plaintiff to be misleading prior to and/or 
shortly after these statements were issued and had the ability to prevent the issuance of the 
statements or cause the statements to be corrected. 
93.
In particular, each of the Individual Defendants had direct and supervisory 
involvement in the day-to-day operations of the Company, and, therefore, is presumed to have 
had the power to control or influence the 
particular transactions giving rise to the securities Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 28 of 37. PageID #: 28
violations alleged herein, and exercised the same. The Proxy at issue contains the unanimous 
recommendation of each of the Individual Defendants to approve the Merger. Thus, the 
Individual Defendants 
were intimately connected with and directly involved in the making of 
this document. 

94.
In addition, as the Proxy sets forth at length, and as described herein, the 
Individual Defendants were each involved in negotiating, reviewing, and approving the Merger. 
The Proxy purports to describe the various issues and information that the Individual Defendants 
reviewed and 
considered. The Individual Defendants participated in drafting and/or gave their 
input on the content of those descriptions. 
95.
By virtue of the foregoing, the Individual Defendants have violated Section 20(a) 
of the Exchange Act. 
96.
As set forth above, the Individual Defendants had the ability to exercise control 
over and did control a person or persons who have each violated Section 14(a) and SEC Rule 
14a-9, by their acts and omissions as alleged herein. By virtue of their positions as controlling 
persons, these defendants are liable pursuant to Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. As a direct 
and proximate result of Individual Defendants’ conduct, Plaintiff will be irreparably harmed. 
97.
Plaintiff and the Class have no adequate remedy at law. COUNT III 

Class Claim for Violations of Section 13(e) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 13e-3 
Against Great American, AFGI and Merger Sub 

98.
Plaintiff repeats and realleges each allegation set forth herein. 
99.
Because the Proposed Transaction is considered a “going private” transaction, 
Great American, AFGI and Merger Sub are required to express their beliefs as to the fairness of Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 29 of 37. PageID #: 29
the Proposed Transaction to Plaintiff and the Class pursuant to Rule 13e-3. Great American, 
AFGI and Merger Sub

have 
failed to fulfill their obligations, in violation of Rule 13e-3. 
100.
Specifically, Item 8(b) of Schedule 13e-3 concerns the factors underlying a belief 
as to the fairness of the transaction. The SEC has issued the following guidance to prospective 
issuers: 
The Division is concerned that in many instances the Item 8(b) 
disclosure being made to security holders is vague and non
-
specific and is therefore of limited utility to security holders. . . . 
Each such factor which is material to the transaction should be 
discussed and, in particular, 
if any of the sources of value indicate 
a value higher than the value of the consideration offered to 
unaffiliated security holders, the discussion should specifically 
address such difference and should include a statement of the 
bases for the belief as to fa
irness in light of the difference. 

Exchange Act Release No. 34-17719, at 17, 245-42. 
101.
Great American, AFGI and Merger Sub failed to comply with their obligations 
under this Rule. Specifically, while 
Great American, AFGI and Merger Sub purported to set 
forth their position as to the fairness of the 
Proposed Transaction
on page 49 of the Proxy, they 
simply provided certain boiler-plate language setting forth the fact that they did not undertake 
any independent evaluation of the fairness 
of the 
Proposed Transaction to the Company’s public 
shareholders, but that they nevertheless believe the Proposed Transaction is “substantively fair” 
and “procedurally fair” to the Company’s shareholders based upon certain procedures 
implemented during the negotiation of the Merger Agreement and based upon the 
Special 
Committee’s determination that the 
Proposed 
Transaction 
is fair. 
102.
The presentations prepared by Morgan Stanley, including the June 2nd

Presentation which was specifically authorized by the Special Committee and presented to 
Individual Defendant Consolino, as well as the presentations dated July 24, May 19, July 1, July Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 30 of 37. PageID #: 30
8, and July 20, constitute “sources of value that indicate a value higher than the value of the 
consideration offered to unaffiliated security holders.” Indeed, the June 2nd
Presentation 
indicates that the Company’s shares are worth as much as $45.86 per share.

However, Great 
American, AFGI and Merger Sub
failed to include any discussion that specifically addresses the 
difference between the Merger Consideration and the higher valuations set forth in the valuation 
analyses and valuation ranges arrived at by Morgan Stanley, and a statement of the bases for 
their belief as to the fairness of the Merger Consideration in light of the differences. 
103.
Great American, AFGI and Merger Sub have therefore violated Rule 13e-3 of the 
Exchange Act. 
104.
The omission of such information from the Proxy constitutes a material omission 
and deprives Plaintiff and the Class of their entitlement to cast a fully informed vote unless such 
misrepresentations and omissions are not corrected prior to the vote on the Proposed Transaction. 
As a direct and proximate result of 
Great American, AFGI and Merger Sub’s conduct, Plaintiff 
and the Class will be irreparably harmed. 
105.
Plaintiff and the Class have no adequate remedy at law. 
COUNT 
IV 

Class Claim for Breach of Fiduciary Duties Against the Individual Defendants 

106.
Plaintiff repeats and realleges each allegation set forth herein. 
107.
The Individual Defendants have violated the fiduciary duties of care, loyalty, 
good faith, and independence owed to the public shareholders of National Interstate and have 
acted to put their personal interests ahead of the interests of National Interstate’s shareholders. 
108.
By the acts, transactions, and courses of conduct alleged herein, the Individual 
Defendants, individually and acting as a part of a common plan, are attempting to unfairly Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 31 of 37. PageID #: 31
deprive Plaintiff and the other members of the Class of the true value of their investment in 
National Interstate. 
109.
The Individual Defendants have knowingly or recklessly and in bad faith violated 
their fiduciary duties by entering into a transaction with 
Great American 
without regard to the 
fairness of the transaction to National Interstate shareholders, by failing to make adequately 
informed and reasonable decisions in connection with the Proposed Transaction, and by failing 
to disclose all material information concerning the Proposed Transaction to such shareholders. 
110.
As demonstrated by the allegations above, the Individual Defendants knowingly 
or recklessly failed to exercise the care required, and breached their duties of loyalty, good faith, 
candor, and independence owed to the shareholders of National Interstate because, among other 
reasons: 
(a) They unreasonably failed to take steps to maximize the value of National 
Interstate to its public shareholders to cap the price of National Interstate’s stock and to give 
Defendants an unfair advantage, by, among other things, failing to
solicit other potential 
acquirers or alternative transactions; 
(b) They failed to properly value National Interstate; 
(c) They consciously disregarded their duty to provide good faith 
consideration to the best interests of the Company and its shareholders; 
(d) They failed to make adequately informed and reasonable decisions in 
connection with the Proposed Transaction; 
(e) They ignored or did not protect against the numerous conflicts of interest 
resulting from the directors' own interrelationships or connections with the Proposed 
Transaction; and Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 32 of 37. PageID #: 32
(f) They failed to disclose all material information that would permit National 
Interstate’s shareholders to cast a fully informed vote on the Proposed Transaction.

111.
Because the Individual Defendants dominate and control the business and 
corporate affairs of National Interstate, and have access to private, corporate information 
concerning National Interstate's assets, business, and future prospects, there exists an imbalance 
and disparity of knowledge and economic power between them and
the public shareholders of 
National Interstate which makes it inherently unfair for them to pursue and recommend any 
transaction wherein they will reap disproportionate benefits reached through an unfair process. 
112.
Unless enjoined by this Court, the Individual Defendants will continue to breach 
their fiduciary duties owed to Plaintiff and the Class, and may consummate the Proposed 
Transaction which will exclude the Class from its fair share of National Interstate’s valuable 
assets and operations, and/or benefit Defendants in the unfair manner complained of herein. 
113.
As a result of the Individual Defendants' unlawful actions, Plaintiff and the other 
members of the Class will be irreparably harmed in that they will not receive their fair portion of 
the value of 
National Interstate’s assets and operations and will be prevented from obtaining fair 
value for their investment and they will not be able to cast an informed vote with all material

information concerning the Proposed Transaction. 
114.
Unless the Proposed Transaction is enjoined by the Court, the Individual 
Defendants will continue to breach their fiduciary duties owed to Plaintiff and the other members 
of the Class, will not engage in arm's-length negotiations on the Proposed Transaction terms, will 
not supply 
to National Interstate’s shareholders sufficient information to enable them to cast 
informed votes on the Proposed Transaction, and may consummate the Proposed Transaction, all 
to the irreparable harm of Plaintiff and the members of the Class. Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 33 of 37. PageID #: 33
115. Plaintiff and the Class have no adequate remedy at law. COUNT V 
Derivative Claim for Breach of Fiduciary Duties Against the Individual Defendants 
116.
Plaintiff repeats and realleges each allegation set forth herein. 
117.
The Individual Defendants have breached fiduciary duties of care, loyalty, candor, 
good faith, and independence owed to National Interstate and its public shareholders and have 
acted to put their personal interests ahead of the interests of the Company. 
118.
By the acts, transactions, and courses of conduct alleged herein, the Individual 
Defendants, individually and acting as a part of a common plan, have breached their fiduciary 
duties by entering into the Proposed Transaction without regard to the fairness of the transaction

to National Interstate and its public shareholders. 
119.
As demonstrated by the allegations above, the Individual Defendants failed to 
exercise the care required, and breached their duties of loyalty, good faith, candor, and

independence owed to National Interstate because, among other reasons: 
(a) They ignored or did not protect against the numerous conflicts of interest 
resulting from the material insider benefits secured in the Proposed Transaction; 
(b) They failed to conduct a full and fair sales process for National Interstate, 
thereby failing in their duty to properly obtain a fair price for the value of National Interstate 
common shares in order to secure material insider benefits for Company insiders; 
(c) They failed to fully inform themselves of the market value of National 
Interstate before taking, or agreeing to refrain from taking, action resulting in the sale of the 
Company at an unfair price to Great American; Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 34 of 37. PageID #: 34
(d) They adopted and agreed to preclusive deal protection devices that 
collectively lock up the sale of the Company for the benefit of Defendants' 
preferred bidder, 
Great American without regard to the overall fairness of the Proposed Transaction; and 
(e) They failed to clearly authorize the Special Committee to conduct a 
market by considering other potential bidders. 
120.
By reason of the foregoing acts, practices, and course of conduct, Defendants 
have failed to exercise ordinary care and diligence in the exercise of their fiduciary obligations 
toward Associated Estates and its shareholders. 
121.
As a result of Defendants' actions, the Company and its shareholders have been 
and will be irreparably harmed as they have no adequate remedy at law. Only through the

exercise of this Court's equitable powers can the Company and its shareholders by fully 
protected from the immediate and irreparable injury which Defendants' actions threaten to inflict. COUNT VI 
Class Claim for Breach of Fiduciary Duties Against Great American 
as a Controlling Stockholder 

122.
Plaintiff repeats and realleges each allegation set forth herein. 
123.
As the controlling stockholder of the Company, Great American owes fiduciary 
duties of loyalty, care and good faith to 
National Interstate’s public stockholders. 
124.
Great American, via its control over approximately 51.2% of the outstanding 
shares of the Company’s common stock, is attempting to acquire the Company on terms that are 
inherently unfair to the Company’s public stockholders but are favorable to 
Great American. 
125.
As a result of Great American’s breaches of fiduciary duty as a controlling 
stockholder of the Company, Plaintiff and the other members of the Class have been and will be Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 35 of 37. PageID #: 35
damaged and suffer irreparable injury because they are prevented from receiving fair value for 
their shares. 
126.
As a result of Great American’s actions, the Company and its public shareholders 
have been and will be irreparably harmed as they have no adequate remedy at law. Only through 
the exercise of this Court's equitable powers can the Company and its public shareholders by 
fully protected from the immediate and irreparable injury which Defendants' actions threaten to 
inflict. PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands injunctive relief in their favor and in favor of the Class 
and against Defendants as follows: 
A. Declaring that this action is properly maintainable as a Derivative and Class 
action and certifying Plaint
iff as Class representatives and his counsel as Class Counsel; 
B. Declaring and decreeing that the Proposed Transaction was entered into in breach 
of the Individual Defendants' fiduciary duties and is therefore unlawful and unenforceable; 
C. Enjoining Defendants, their agents, counsel, employees and all persons acting in 
concert with them from consummating the 
Proposed Transaction
, unless and until Defendants 
disclose the material information identified above which has been omitted from the Proxy; 
D. Rescinding, to the extent already implemented, the Proposed Transaction or any 
of the terms thereof, or granting Plaintiff and the Class rescissory damages; 
E. Directing the Individual Defendants to account to Plaintiff and the Class for all 
damages suffered as a result of 
the Individual Defendants wrongdoing; 
F. Awarding Plaintiff the costs and disbursements of this action, including 
reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees; and Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 36 of 37. PageID #: 36
G. Granting such other and further equitable relief as this Court may deem just and 
proper.
JURY DEMAND 
Plaintiff demands a trial by jury on all issues so triable. 

October 
0
7, 2016 

Respectfully submitted, 

KARON LLC 

/s/ Daniel R. Karon 
Daniel R. Karon (#0069394) 
Beau D. Hollowell (#0080704) 
The Hoyt Block Building, Ste. 200 
700 West St. Clair Avenue 
Cleveland, Ohio 44113 
Phone: 216.622.1851 
Fax: 216.241.8175 
[email protected] 
[email protected] 

OF COUNSEL 

WOLF HALDENSTEIN ADLER 
FREEMAN & HERZ LLP 
Gregory M. Nespole 
Gloria Kui Melwani 
270 Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10023 
Ph. (212) 545-4600 

MONTEVERDE & ASSOCIATES PC 
Juan E. Monteverde 
The Empire State Building 
350

Fifth Avenue, 59th Floor 
New

York,
NY 10118 
Ph.

(212) 971-1341 
Cell (305) 205-8284 or (646) 522-4840 
email:

[email protected] 

Attorneys for Plaintiff 
Case: 5:16-cv-02470-SL Doc #: 1 Filed: 10/07/16 37 of 37. PageID #: 37



















Joseph E. Consolino - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Joseph E. Consolino
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board, Neon Capital Limited at American Financial Group, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Joseph E. Consolino? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Joseph E. Consolino's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Joseph E. Consolino's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Joseph E. Consolino's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Joseph E. Consolino through your network of contacts.
												








Joseph E. Consolino's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board, Neon Capital Limited, 
American Financial Group, Inc.


Past
To view Joseph E. Consolino's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
50

 
 


Joseph E. Consolino's Biography



Mr. Consolino's service as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company began in February 2013. From February 2013 until its acquisition by the Company in November 2016, he served as Chairman of the Board of the Company's majority-owned subsidiary, National Interstate Corporation. In December 2015, Mr. Consolino was appointed to serve as Chairman of the Board of Neon Capital Limited (formerly Marketform Group, Ltd.), a subsidiary of the Company which operates a syndicate at Lloyd's of London. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Consolino served as President and Chief Financial Officer of Validus Holdings, Ltd., a Bermuda- ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Consolino's service as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company began in February 2013. From February 2013 until its acquisition by the Company in November 2016, he served as Chairman of the Board of the Company's majority-owned subsidiary, National Interstate Corporation. In December 2015, Mr. Consolino was appointed to serve as Chairman of the Board of Neon Capital Limited (formerly Marketform Group, Ltd.), a subsidiary of the Company which operates a syndicate at Lloyd's of London. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Consolino served as President and Chief Financial Officer of Validus Holdings, Ltd., a Bermuda-based property and casualty (re)insurance company. Mr. Consolino also served as Chief Executive Officer, President and founding Director of P?CRe Ltd., a Bermuda-based underwriter of top-layer property catastrophe (re)insurance during his time as an executive officer of Validus through December 2015, when P?CRe Ltd. ceased operations and returned all capital to its shareholders. Prior to joining Validus in March 2006, Mr. Consolino served as a managing director in Merrill Lynch's investment banking division. While at Merrill Lynch, Mr. Consolino specialized in insurance company advisory and financing transactions. Until 2015, Mr. Consolino served on the boards of directors of Validus and P?CRe Ltd., and he currently serves as a director of AmWINS Group, Inc., a wholesale insurance broker based in Charlotte, North Carolina. We believe that Mr. Consolino's experience serving as president and chief financial officer for both a property and casualty insurance company group and a publicly-traded holding company and his 24 years of experience in insurance-related financial matters give him unique qualifications to serve as a member of the Board.
		
Source: American Financial Group, Inc. on 04/07/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Joseph E. Consolino's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Joseph E. Consolino. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Joseph E. Consolino's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Joseph E. Consolino's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Joseph E. Consolino through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Joseph E. Consolino


















Joseph E. Consolino's Connections (70)





Sign up now to view Joseph E. Consolino's 70 connections »









Terry S. Jacobs
Board Member, American Financial Group, Inc.









Michael E. Carpenter
Board Member, Validus Holdings, Ltd.









C.N. Rupert Atkin
Former Chief Executive Officer, Talbot Underwriting, Ltd., Validus Holdings, Ltd.









John B. Berding
Dir. and President, American Money Management Corporation, American Financial Group, Inc.









Conan M. Ward
Former Advisor, Validus Holdings, Ltd.









Edward J. Noonan
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Validus Holdings, Ltd.









James E. Evans
Dir., Senior Vice President and Executive Counsel, American Financial Group, Inc.









Jeffrey W. Greenberg
Board Member, Validus Holdings, Ltd.









George P. Reeth
Former Deputy Chairman & President, Validus Holdings, Ltd.









S. Craig Lindner
Dir., Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President, American Financial Group, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 


Joseph Consolino's Phone Number, Email, Address - Spokeo






















































CONTACT US



{{vm.userEmail}}








{{dropdown_item.text}}













{{dropdown_item.text}}






{{dropdown_item.text | uppercase}}




















{{search_results_type}}
Results








Recent



{{history.title}}




Example Searches



John Smith



email@example.com



123 Main St, Pasadena, CA



(626) 555-5555



John Smith, Pasadena, CA






Search filters




First Name



Middle Name



Last Name





Age


{{ages}}
+






State


All States




City





Phone number



Email address





Relative First name



Relative Last name





SEARCH










Show Basic Search




Show Advanced Search



























 












Browse locationsArizona(4)California(7)Connecticut(2)Florida(6)Illinois(2)Indiana(3)Kansas(1)Maryland(3)Massachusetts(3)Michigan(8)SHOW ALL 16 LOCATIONS







No results found for {{vm.NameSearch.search.display_name}}
with your specific filters:
{{filter}}
Try a more general search, or view similar matches below.






Home








People








Last Name (C)








Joseph Consolino






Joseph Consolino35 people named Joseph Consolino found in Michigan, California and 14 other states. Click a state below to find Joseph more easily.



Browse locationsArizona(4)California(7)Connecticut(2)Florida(6)Illinois(2)Indiana(3)Kansas(1)Maryland(3)Massachusetts(3)Michigan(8)SHOW ALL 16 LOCATIONS










Person


Joseph
C
Consolino, age 60

Joe Consolino


Locations

Silver Spring,
MD


Rockville,
MD


Olney,
MD


North Hollywood,
CA


Burbank,
CA



Relatives

Arlene

Consolino


Sara

Consolino


Christopher

Consolino


Catherine

Consolino


Nancy

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
A
Consolino, age 58

Joey Consolino
Jose Consolino


Locations

Cape Coral,
FL


Staten Island,
NY


Bonita Springs,
FL



Relatives

Annamaria

Consolino


Christine

Consolino


Consolino

Consolino


Katherin

Consolino


Santa

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
C
Consolino, age 81



Locations

South Haven,
MI


Bloomingdale,
MI


Berwyn,
IL



Relatives

Rachel

Consolino


Thomas

Consolino


Gereta

Consolino


Phillips

Consolino


Elizabeth

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
E
Consolino, age 50



Locations

Cincinnati,
OH


New York,
NY


New Canaan,
CT



Relatives

Lisa

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
C
Consolino, age 61

Joey Consolino


Locations

Wyoming,
MI


Holland,
MI



Relatives

Melissa

Consolino


Kayla

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
J
Consolino, age 68

Consolino Consolino


Locations

Naples,
FL


Tallahassee,
FL



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph

Consolino, age 46



Locations

Wyoming,
MI



Relatives

Kayla

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
J
Consolino, age 61



Locations

Dublin,
CA


Peoria,
AZ



Relatives

Joseph

Consolino


Christine

Consolino


Catherine

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
T
Consolino, age 78



Locations

Stamford,
CT


Devon,
PA


New Canaan,
CT



Relatives

Carolyn

Consolino


David

Consolino


William

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
D
Consolino, age 42



Locations

Naples,
FL



Relatives

Carrie

Consolino


Kristin

Consolino


Sandra

Consolino


John

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
T
Consolino, age 81



Locations

Devon,
PA


New York,
NY


Concord,
MA



Relatives

Carolyn

Consolino


William

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph

Consolino, age 25



Locations

Taylor,
MI



Relatives

Melissa

Consolino


Kayla

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
J
Consolino, age 88



Locations

Dublin,
CA



Relatives

Joseph

Consolino


Christine

Consolino


Catherine

Consolino


Caines

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
D
Consolino, age 69



Locations

Rushville,
IN



Relatives

Consolino

Consolino


Karen

Consolino


Frank

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph

Consolino, age 93



Locations

Carmel,
IN



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph

Consolino


Joe Consolino


Locations

Pasadena,
CA


Glendale,
CA


Pittsburg,
KS



Relatives

Rozetta

Consolino


Eddie

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
A
Consolino




Locations

Saint Louis,
MO



Relatives

Barbara

Consolino


Geneva

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph

Consolino




Locations

Lebanon,
NJ



Relatives

Giuseppe

Consolino


Liliana

Consolino


Tania

Consolino


Ariel

Consolino


Kim

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph

Consolino


Joe Consolino


Locations

Richmond,
IN



Relatives

Ermal

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
C
Consolino




Locations

Riverside,
IL



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph

Consolino




Locations

Cape Coral,
FL



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph

Consolino




Locations

Cincinnati,
OH



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph

Consolino




Locations

Newburgh,
NY



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joseph
C
Consolino




Locations

Grand Rapids,
MI



Relatives

Melissa

Consolino


Kayla

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joe

Consolino, age 62



Locations

Silver Spring,
MD



Relatives

Sara

Consolino


Christopher

Consolino


Catherine

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joe

Consolino, age 29



Locations

Silver Spring,
MD



Relatives

Nancy

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joe

Consolino, age 57



Locations

Peoria,
AZ



Relatives

Kellie

Consolino


Christine

Consolino


Catherine

Consolino


Kunie

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joey

Consolino, age 53



Locations

Wyoming,
MI



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joe

Consolino




Locations

Covert,
MI


Bloomingdale,
MI


South Haven,
MI



Relatives

Stephanie

Consolino


Barbara

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Joe

Consolino




Locations

South Haven,
MI



Relatives

Barbara

Consolino



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Statistics for all
35
Joseph Consolino results:



68 yrs
Average age
27% are in their 40s, while the average age is 68.


$101k
average income
Our wealth data indicates income average is $101k.


100%
Caucasian
Our ethnicity data indicates the majority is Caucasian.


92%
Married
92% of these people are married, and 8% are single.





Facebook

Twitter

Google Plus

YouTube

LinkedIn



About
Careers
Affiliates
Blog
Privacy
Terms
Contact
FAQs

More



People Search
email lookup
reverse phone lookup
ADDRESS LOOKUP
DIRECTORY



Spokeo is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to make decisions about employment, tenant screening, or any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Copyright © 2006-2017 Spokeo, Inc.





















