










 













 







Construction Supply Investments, LLC - Other- Farrell  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Construction Supply Investments, LLC

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    9 Greenway Plaza, Suite 2400  
    Houston, TX, 77046Phone: 713-341-5740 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-06-28


Amended


$101,250,000


$13,250,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2016-11-16


New


$88,000,000


$88,000,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Michael Farrell 
 Director 


 Kevin Garland 
 Director 


 Brian Henry 
 Director, Executive 


 Mitchell Williams 
 Director 


 Brent Willson 
 Director 










 

Construction Supply Investments Llc raised $88,000,000 on November 17th, 2016































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/455565-construction-supply-investments-llcsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=455565  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Construction Supply Investments Llc raised $88,000,000 on November 17th, 2016.Get alertedif Construction Supply Investments Llc gets funded!Amount:$88,000,000Company:Construction Supply Investments LlcInvestors:-Industry:Industrial and energyCountry:State:City:United StatesTexasHoustonKey people:-Data sources:www.reuters.com - BRIEF-Construction Supply Investments raises $88 mln in equity financing https://t.co/cdlSrZC5q5www.forbes.com - BRIEF-Construction Supply Investments raises $88 mln in equity financing #stocks #fx https://t.co/F5dvVUiR1bPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Supplies and Equipment Rental for the Utility Construction Industry - Colorado Construction Supply, LLC



































Home
Supplies
Equipment Rentals and Hauling
Blog
About Us
Contact Us






Your ProjectIs Our Business.

			Tel: (970) 667-4543
			Fax: (970) 667-4493
		







Colorado Construction Supply, LLC





Supplies and Equipment Rental for the Utility Construction Industry

We’ve been serving the utility construction industry since 2005.
Colorado Construction Supply is proud to be a woman-owned company and distributer for a vast number of manufacturers.  Our core business is in the federal arena, providing inside and outside plant products to a vast number of prime and subcontractors that hold positions on federal contracts such as IMOD, NMCI, NAVFAC and TEIS II.
Colorado Construction Supply has supplied military installations in Japan, Hawaii and multiple sites across the United States.





Special – 4″ Electrical Conduit
 4″ Rigid Non Metallic SCH40 Electrical Conduit CALL FOR TODAY’S SPECIAL PRICING! (970) 667-4543
...read more


ACP International & Hoffman Added to CCS Family of Offerings
Welcome!!! ACP International and Hoffman/Pentair Technical Products to the offerings by Colorado Construction Supply.  It is an honor to join these two industry leaders in ISP and OSP offerings and to add these companies to our already extensive product lines helps us insure that our customers will continue to receive not only customer satisfaction excellence but superior […]
...read more






























© 2017 Colorado Construction Supply, LLC | Privacy policy | Email: sales@ccsply.com | Tel: (970) 667-4543 | Fax: (970) 667-4493
Website by Red Kite Creative

















Construction Supply Group acquires Carter Waters - Contractor Supply Magazine


















HomeIndustry NewsCurrent Industry NewsMay 2017 NewsApril 2017 NewsMarch 2017 NewsFebruary 2017 NewsJanuary 2017 NewsNews 2016News 2015News 2014News 2013News 2012News 2011News 2010New ProductsResources2018 STAFDA Member Directory Media Kit2017 STAFDA Member DirectoryAssociationsBuying/Marketing GroupsConsultantsDistribution Software GuideMaster DistributorsContractor Supply Print Editions 2017Contractor Supply Print Editions 2016Contractor Supply Print Editions 2015Contractor Supply Print Editions 2014Contractor Supply Print Editions 2013Contractor Supply Print Editions 2012Contractor Supply Print Editions 2011Contractor Supply Print Editions 2010Contractor Supply Print Editions 2009Media Guide2018 STAFDA Member Directory Media KitVideoSubscribeNew print subscriptionRenew  print subscriptionChange informationCS Weekly e-newsletter subscriptionLogin 





Home


Industry News


New Products


Resources


Media Guide


Video


Subscribe


Login





Current Industry News


May 2017 News


April 2017 News


March 2017 News


February 2017 News


January 2017 News


News 2016


News 2015


News 2014


News 2013


News 2012


News 2011


News 2010




2018 STAFDA Member Directory Media Kit


2017 STAFDA Member Directory


Associations


Buying/Marketing Groups


Consultants


Distribution Software Guide


Master Distributors


Contractor Supply Print Editions 2017


Contractor Supply Print Editions 2016


Contractor Supply Print Editions 2015


Contractor Supply Print Editions 2014


Contractor Supply Print Editions 2013


Contractor Supply Print Editions 2012


Contractor Supply Print Editions 2011


Contractor Supply Print Editions 2010


Contractor Supply Print Editions 2009




2018 STAFDA Member Directory Media Kit




New print subscription


Renew  print subscription


Change information


CS Weekly e-newsletter subscription







SEARCH


A DIRECT BUSINESS MEDIA,LLC PUBLICATION
















 
Posted  July 5, 2017
Construction Supply Group acquires Carter Waters
Brock White, Border and Stetson parent company adds 19 stores to portfolio.

The Sterling Group, a Houston-based middle market private equity firm, announced that its portfolio company, Construction Supply Group, has completed the acquisition of Carter Waters. Construction Supply Group is a leader in the distribution of construction materials and accessories and tools, primarily for professional concrete and masonry contractors in the United States and Canada. The combined company has 72 branches with 1,150 employees and offers over 70,000 SKUs to nearly 25,000 customers.
Carter Waters is the fifth business acquired by Sterling as part of the Construction Supply platform. In late 2016, Sterling acquired Brock White Company, LLC, Border Construction Specialties, LLC and Stetson Building Products to form Construction Supply Group. Brock White, Border and Stetson have strong branch footprints in Western Canada, the Upper Midwest and the Southwest. The company later executed a carve-out of five Gerdau distribution branches in the Midwest. The acquisition of Carter Waters' 19 construction distribution branches will expand the company's lower Midwest footprint ranging from Kansas to Ohio.
"We are thrilled to welcome the Carter Waters team to the Construction Supply family. They have built an exceptional business that will continue to provide exceptional service to customers while expanding our footprint," said Mitch Williams, CEO of Construction Supply Group.
The scale of Construction Supply has grown rapidly through the combination of 5 leading distributors, each with no more than 20 branches but with exceptional track records of growth, customer service and loyal customer relationships. Construction Supply Group will continue to seek further additions to its family of construction distribution businesses.
Willkie Farr & Gallagher provided legal counsel to Construction Supply Group. Raymond James served as Carter Waters' exclusive financial advisor.
Founded in 1982, The Sterling Group is a private equity investment firm that targets controlling interests in basic manufacturing, distribution and industrial services companies. Typical enterprise values of these companies range from $100 million to $750 million. Sterling has sponsored the buyout of 51 platform companies and numerous add-on acquisitions for a total transaction value of over $10.0 billion. Currently, Sterling has over $2.2 billion of assets under management.
For further information, please visit www.sterling-group.com.

Share This!  










CONTRACTOR SUPPLY MAGAZINE









The June/July 2017 issue of Contractor Supply magazine visits Bruce Springsteen's hometown, Asbury Park, New Jersey and UpTite Fasteners.  These contractors turned distributors have made a revitalizing Asbury Park their home for a variety of personal and solid economic reasons. 
This issue also contains a guest Builder's Viewpoint on the state of construction spending, our recap of the National Hardware Show, tips from STAFDA consultant Bob DeStefano on how to use LinkedIn as a marketing tool and our highly anticipated Industry Updates on Nailers & Staplers, Bulk & Collated Fasteners, Air Compressors & Accessories, PPE and Fall Protection and Cable Pulling & Testing Equipment.
Read All The Articles Here!




SPONSORED ADS















Copyright © 2010-2017 Direct Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
401 South Fourth Street W, Fort Atkinson, WI 53538
For comments or questions about this Web site contact: rvurva@directbusinessmedia.com








Private Equity Building Materials Construction Conference 2012














MasterClassTM










Join Our Mailing List | Audio Packages | Contact Us | Our Homepage









 
 
Sponsor

Association Partners
  
 
  
 
Research Partners




Media Partners



 





 
 


 
 
 
 
 





Clear the date June 28 on your calendar! 
CLICK HERE now to register before it's too late!
 
All-NEW Conference 
For Middle-Market Private Equity
 & Mezzanine Investors & Lenders 
 
 
Private Equity Investing 
In Building Materials
& Construction Services Companies 
 How to Get in on the  Ground Floor
Of an Upward Growth  Trend
 
  Attendance Is Limited! 
 Register Now
                         
CHAIRED BY
Ira Starr, Managing  Director
Long Point Capital
 
  Featuring 20 Expert Speakers Including -- 


Stephen S. Altman,    Cornerstone Capital Partners Inc.


Joseph Antinozzi,    Steel City Capital Funding


Charles A. Bacon, Limbach Facility Services LLC


Jay N. Bartlett, Parthenon Group LLC


David A. Blechman, H. I. G. Capital LLC


Roger E. Brinner, Parthenon Group LLC


Stephen M. Clarke, Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC


Jeffrey W. Corum,  Lincoln International LLC


Mark L. Deutsch, Hudson Ferry Capital LLC


David E. Johnson, Johnson Group Consulting LLC


S. Matthew Katz,  FdG Associates LP


Raymond Kinley, CHA Consulting Inc. 


Michael G. Lux, Crowe Horwath LLP  


Jon M. Mahan, Stifel Nicolaus & Co. Inc.


Charles P. Miller, Blue Wolf Capital Partners LLC


Anthony J. Norris, Ropes & Gray LLP


M. Tatum Pursell, Unlimited Horizons Inc.


Peter H. Rothschild, Daroth Capital Advisors LLC 


Leon J. Silverstein, Aldora Holdings LLC


Timothy F. Steffen, Houlihan Lokey


Eric S. VonStroh, Long Point Capital Inc.






Click Here to Register >>   Purchase Audio Package >>
 
 
 


   Visit Audio Library >>    Add to Outlook Calendar >>

 
FULL-DAY CONFERENCE
Thursday, June 28, 2012
8:00 am – 5:00 pm
  New York City 
Designed to Meet the Needs of  GPs, LPs, & Managers of Buyout, Growth Equity, Mezzanine, &  Lending Funds, as Well as Independent Sponsors, Operating Partners,  Portfolio Company Managers, and the Bankers, Lawyers, Accountants,
& Other Advisors Who Support  Them

Faculty | Schedule | Registration | Location | Sponsorship | Audio Package |   

The deep recession may have had  you wondering when the “smart money” would start looking for middle-market  building materials and construction services companies, which over the past few  years were being trashed.
 
If you know Ira Starr, managing  director at Long Point Capital in New York City, he’d be telling you that the  answer is NOW.  
 
He says the markets are definitely  showing life.  For example, economists  are predicting that over the next five years, as the economy recovers and the population  grows, housing starts will resume their pre-recession 1.5 to 1.7 million yearly  levels, up 200% from today.
 
More and more private  equity deal opportunities are beginning to shake loose not only in the  residential arena, but also in commercial (retail and office space),  institutional (schools, hospitals, churches), and even governmental (bridges,  highways, facilities) categories.
 
          This  is a tremendous opportunity in the making, and you can participate by 
           attending  The Capital Roundtable’s brand‑NEW conference on “Private Equity 
           Investing in  Building Materials & Construction Services Companies,” being held in 
           New  York City on Thursday, June 28.
          This conference is sponsored by The Parthenon Group LLC.
 
          Plus  we’ll tack on additional savings when you sign up for this conference before 
           May  18, 2012.  Your quick registration will  qualify for our Early Bird Rate -- a 
           generous discount of $400.
 
You’ll hear why over 80% of building  materials businesses are projecting revenue increases for 2012.  And why the combined residential and  non-residential construction markets are projected to top $605 billion by the  end of the year.
 
Sellers are reentering the marketplace,  particularly those who wanted to sell a few years ago, and don’t want to wait  any longer.  Moreover, lenders are no  longer shying away -- they’re seeing the upside and are willing to back a wide  range of companies if they can show profitability.
 
And of course, building materials  and construction professionals are feeling positive about their companies’ futures.   A year-end survey by Brooke Chase Associates  showed 81% of respondents -- both builders and product manufacturers --  forecasting increased revenues for 2012.
 
Just some recent middle-market private equity  activity includes --

Littlejohn & Co.’s investment in  gutter and insulation installer Installed Building Products.  
BlackEagle Partners’ acquisition of  builder supply company Lyman Lumber.  
And Grey Mountain Partners’  acquisition of aluminum fabricator Columbia Commercial Building Products.

 
To chair this timely conference, we’re  delighted to welcome Ira Starr, founding partner and managing director at Long Point  Capital, a middle-market private  equity firm with offices in New York  City and Royal Oak, Michigan.  Long Point manages over $315 million of  capital, with building products giant Masco Corp. as its leading investor.
 
Ira is a founding partner of Long  Point, and has significant expertise in the building products, construction  services, professional services, home furnishings, and industrial manufacturing  sectors.  At Long Point, Ira has overseen  12 building product deals in their last couple of funds, ranging from commodity  to value-added building products, distribution, and engineering and  architectural services.
 
Focusing on investments in  entrepreneur-owned and family-owned companies, Ira has been an active private  equity investor in middle-market transactions for over 25 years. 
 
He serves on the boards of  portfolio companies such as --

CHA, a       full-service infrastructure engineering and planning firm
EYP, an       architecture-engineering firm serving the federal government and higher       education markets
UMA       Enterprises, a leading importer and wholesaler of home décor products 

 
Prior to founding Long Point, Ira  was a partner at Morgan Lewis Githens & Ahn and served on the boards of a  number of its portfolio companies.  He  was also an investment banker with Merrill Lynch and a management consultant  with Booz, Allen & Hamilton.
 
20 Building Materials & Construction  Services Specialists
 
Along with Ira, four lively and informative panel  discussions will feature 20 knowledgeable PE experts in the building materials  & construction services industry -- including GPs, portfolio company operating  executives, investment bankers, lenders, consultants, and more.  They will share their real-world  perspectives, lessons learned, and industry outlooks, including insights on  recent deal activity and managing current portfolio companies.
 
You’ll hear why companies that sell into the  commercial marketplace are particularly well‑positioned for growth.  From doorknobs to rebar, many of these product  manufacturers have the flexibility to serve multiple channels -- so if office  construction is down, they can focus on gaining a product specification for  retail, hospital, or government infrastructure.
 
And you’ll learn how technology is affecting  the sector -- and what it means for middle-market investors.  New processes impact how commercial and  institutional projects are designed and maintained, and you need to understand  these changes to increase portfolio company value. (But keep in mind that  residential construction, with its reliance on day labor, is very slow to adopt  new practices.)
 
Register  now to get the answers to important questions like these --
 

What are the key challenges facing building  materials & construction services companies for 2012? 
How  does the present economic environment affect companies in the sector? 
What  are some of the likely growth areas within building materials &  construction services?
Will  Washington D.C. be pushing support for the building industry and how may that  affect investment?
How  are lenders evaluating building materials & construction service deals, and  what factors are behind their decisions?
What  is the impact of information technology on the sector?
What  are the best practices of managing building materials & construction  services portfolio companies?
How  do you prepare portfolio companies for exits?
What recent middle-market deals are  notable? What deals are in the pipeline? 
And  much, much more. 

 
The Place To Build  Contacts And Relationships
 
Throughout  the day, you’ll have plenty of opportunities to network with both your peers  and with industry professionals.  Our  agenda includes ample time, with session breaks and an open lunch, when you can  exchange ideas and business cards with fellow attendees and featured speakers.
 
You  should attend this conference if  you are a --
 

GP or LP looking to invest in middle-market  building materials & construction services companies. 
New private equity firm considering  investing in building materials & construction services companies. 
Hedge fund manager or venture  capitalist interested in this specialized space. 
Partner or operating executive of a  building materials or construction services company. 
Lender seeking participation in middle-market  building materials & construction services company transactions. 
Investment banker pursuing deals with building  materials & construction services companies. 
Attorney or advisor representing building  materials & construction services companies. 
Executive search professional  recruiting for the private equity industry. 

 
          Remember, register  with our Early Bird Rate by May  18, 2012, and you’ll save $400 
           off our standard fee!  Please make your reservation now so you’re not  
           disappointed.  We’ll be looking forward  to greeting you.
 
For  more information, please feel free to contact Mara Kane at 212-832-7300 ext. 0  or af@capitalroundtable.com.
 
This  conference is being produced by The Capital Roundtable, America’s leading  conference organization focusing on “need-to-know” information for  professionals in the middle-market private equity community.  For more information about The Capital  Roundtable’s 30 annual conferences and other events and programs, please visit www.capitalroundtable.com.
 

^ Back to Top ^
Faculty

Chaired By

Ira Starr, Managing Director, Long Point Capital


Hosted By

Burt Alimansky, Managing Partner, Alimansky & Bethell Group, and Chairman, The Capital Roundtable

Speakers 

Stephen S. Altman, Partner, 
    Cornerstone Capital Partners Inc.
Joseph Antinozzi, Senior Vice President, 
    Steel City Capital Funding
Charles A. Bacon, President & CEO, 
    Limbach Facility Services LLC
Jay N. Bartlett, Partner, Parthenon Group LLC
David A. Blechman, Managing Director, H. I. G. Capital LLC
Roger E. Brinner, Partner & Chief Economist, Parthenon Group  LLC
Stephen M. Clarke, Managing Director, Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC
Jeffrey W. Corum, Director,
    Lincoln International LLC
Mark L. Deutsch, Partner, Hudson Ferry Capital LLC
David E. Johnson, President, 
    Johnson Group Consulting LLC
S. Matthew Katz, Managing Director, 
    FdG Associates LP
Raymond Kinley, Former Chief Executive Director,
    CHA Consulting Inc.
Michael G. Lux, Partner-in-Charge,
    Crowe Horwath LLP
Jon M. Mahan, Managing Director, 
    Stifel Nicolaus & Co. Inc.
Charles P. Miller, Partner & CCO, Blue Wolf Capital Partners  LLC
Anthony J. Norris, Partner, Ropes & Gray LLP
M. Tatum Pursell, Senior Advisor, Unlimited Horizons Inc.
Peter H. Rothschild, President & CEO, Daroth Capital Advisors LLC
Leon J. Silverstein, Chief Executive Officer, Aldora Holdings LLC
Timothy F. Steffen, Managing Director, 
    Houlihan Lokey 
Eric S. VonStroh, Managing Director,
    Long Point Capital Inc. 


^ Back to Top ^
Schedule
 



Conference
07:30 - 08:30
  08:30 - 09:00
  09:00 - 09:45

  09:45 - 10:30

		    10:30 - 11:00
		    11:00 - 12:15

12:15 - 01:15
		    01:15 - 02:15


		    02:15 - 03:15
 

		    
		    03:15 - 03:30
		    03:30 - 04:30

		    04:30
 
  


Thursday, June 28, 2012
 Registration, Networking, & Continental Breakfast
Welcoming Remarks & Audience Introductions
Introductory Keynote -- "The Ugly, the Bad & the Good in the Global Economy Affecting Construction"
Chairman’s Keynote -- "Construction Industry -- Investment Trends 
& Opportunities"
Coffee & Networking Break
First Panel -- “From the Trenches -- Five Private Equity Investors Report Why They Like Building Materials & Construction Services Companies”
Luncheon & Networking
 Second Panel -- “Sourcing Deal Flow & Financing -- What Four Key Investment Bankers & Lenders Are Telling Their PE Clients About Building Materials & Construction Services Deals"
Third Panel -- Due Diligence, Deal Structuring, Pricing, & Exits -- Four Top Deal Professionals Explain How They Identify & Navigate the Unique Issues of Building Materials & Construction Services Deals 
Coffee & Networking Break
Fourth Panel -- “War Stories -- Perspectives from CEOs & CFOs Who Have Been Through the Cycle”
  Networking & Adjournment




^ Back to Top ^
Registration

Early Bird Registration Fee -- and save $400 off the standard fee! Register by Friday, May 18, and the fee for the conference is $995.


Premiere Registration Fee -- save $200 off the standard fee! Register by Friday, June 8, and the fee for the conference is $1195.


After that, the  standard fee is $1395 for the conference. 


At the door, if space is available, the fee is $1495 for the conference.


 Special group rates -- The Capital Roundtable offers a special discount for 2 or more people.  For more info, please contact Mara Kane at af@capitalroundtable.com or 212-832-7300 ext 0. 





Click Here to Register >>    Purchase Audio Package >>

 

 Visit Audio Library >>     Add to Outlook Calendar >>

 

You can pay by credit card (using the links above) or by check. Mail your check and business card to: New York Business Roundtable Inc., 12 East 44 Street, Penthouse, New York, NY 10017.
If the program is oversubscribed, we will notify you immediately and not charge your credit card.  (If you need to cancel, please do so by Thursday, June 21at 5:00pm, and we will credit you for a future conference.)

  From time to time, for reasons beyond Capital Roundtable's control, program schedules and speakers become subject to change.  We make every effort to announce substantive changes by email to registrants at least 48 hours in advance.
Have a special question?  Please contact Mara Kane at 212-832-7300 ext.0 or by email at  af@capitalroundtable.com.

^ Back to Top ^
Location

The University 
Club
Council Room -- Seventh Floor
One West 54 Street (at 5th 
Avenue)
New York City

^ Back to Top ^
Audio Package

Can't attend but want to hear the program? You can buy the audio package along with the handouts. Purchase the audio package online now.

^ Back to Top ^

Sponsorship
 The Capital Roundtable offers excellent marketing and business development opportunities to reach the middle-market private-equity community .  For
more details, please contact Dana DeMattia at 212-832-7300 or by email at  ddemattia@capitalroundtable.com.
^ Back to Top ^









Change Your Mailing Preferences
		To change your name or email address, or to select the mailings you wish to receive from us, go to our mailing preferences page.
Unsubscribe
		To unsubscribe from our mailings, go to our unsubscribe page. You may also unsubscribe by replying to this email and putting unsubscribe in the subject line or by writing to us at: Capital Roundtable, 12 East 44th Street, Penthouse, New York, NY 10017.
You are subscribed as [EMAIL]
 

No part of this text may be reproduced or otherwise published without the express written consent of The Capital Roundtable.
	    ©2010New York Business Roundtable Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
.  .
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Welch Bros., Inc. | Precast Concrete Structures and Supplies


















































































Construction Supply ■ Elgin, IL: (847) 741-6134

Precast Manufacturing ■ Bartlett, IL: (847) 741-6134

Precast Manufacturing ■ Belvidere, IL: (815) 547-3000  









 












 




Welcome to Welch Bros., Inc. 
 



Welch Bros., Inc. is your complete source for underground precast concrete structures, concrete pipe, sewer and drainage pipe, and an array concrete construction supplies. We are a distributor of sewer and drainage pipe made from PVC, HDPE, and corrugated steel.  Other product offerings include reinforcing steel, hand tools, foundation forms and accessories, decorative concrete color, and stamps for all trades. Welch Bros., Inc. has met the needs for nearly 45 years with three convenient locations in Elgin, Bartlett, and Belvidere, Illinois.
Welch Bros., Inc. engineers and manufactures a wide variety of precast concrete products which include the following: sanitary sewer systems, storm drainage systems, septic tanks, round and elliptical pipe, construction barrier walls, and flared end sections. Our experienced workforce takes tremendous pride in their craftsmanship, and consistently delivers the finished product timely and efficiently. We look forward to meeting with you to discuss your specific construction needs.
 
 
 







 
 
 


 







Locations

 













Click Here

 

 
 
 
 
 





Supply Store

 













Click Here

 

 
 
 
 
 





Precast Products

 













Click Here

 

 
 
 
 
 





Product Drawings

 













Click Here

 

 
 
 
 
 





Sales Team

 













Click Here

 

 
 
 
 
 














 
 
 




Do you have a question? We are here to help.
 




Name
Please enter your name.



Email
Please enter a valid email.



Phone
Please enter a valid phone number.



Your Message
Please enter a message.




Send



Message failed. Please try again.


 
 







Stop in our store and take a look at all our supplies from leading vendors. 
 

 
 
 














 
 
 





 
 
 







 
 

 
 
 







Do you need a product drawing?





Click Here



 




Do you need directions?
Come stop into our store and see all our construction supplies!





Click Here



 
 
 







 
 
 











Let us hear from you!
 



+1 (847) 741-6134 • mrowley@welchbrothers.com
 






 



 
 


 
 
 






Precast  Manufacturing
Bartlett, IL.
 
 
 




Construction Supply Store
Elgin, IL
 
 
 




Precast Manufacturing
Belvidere, IL.
 
 
 







 
 
 





 
 
 





 
 
 











Welch Bros., Inc. 2 months ago Remember the Difference. Have a safe and wonderful Memorial Day. ... See MoreSee LessPhotoView on Facebook·ShareWelch Bros., Inc. 2 months ago As the story goes.. a young entrepreneur by the name of Dave Welch had an idea to manufacture Septic Tanks. He reached out to man in the Septic install business and asked him "I wanna buy these Septic tank molds if I do will you buy the tanks from me?" The man kindly replied "Yes". That simple yes was the beginnings of Welch Bros Inc. That man was Art Stark! R.I. P. Mr. Stark. R.I.P. ... See MoreSee LessView on Facebook·ShareWelch Bros., Inc. 2 months ago Happy Mother's Day from Welch Brothers. ... See MoreSee LessPhotoView on Facebook·ShareView on Facebook 
 
 










 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 




 
 


 

 












WordPress Download Manager


WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin


Close



















 

Construction Supply Investments Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/248489-construction-supply-investments-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=248489  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Construction Supply Investments LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Construction Supply Investments Llc gets funded!Construction Supply Investments LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesTexasHoustonIndustry:Industrial and energy Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 17th, 2016$88,000,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Construction Supply Investments Llc gets funded?Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


New South Supply | Know How. Can Do.


























































































 





 










 


























New South Supply | Know How. Can Do.
14869
home,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,page,page-id-14869,do-etfw,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,vertical_menu_enabled,qode-title-hidden,side_area_uncovered_from_content,qode-child-theme-ver-1.0.0,qode-theme-ver-10.1.1,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-5.0.1,vc_responsive


 









North Carolina

Charlotte704.358.9797
Greensboro336.992.0237
Raleigh919.662.9012


South Carolina

Greenville (HQ)864.269.7007
Greenville (Sales)336.992.0237
Columbia803.791.8700



Myrtle Beach843.236.6447
Charleston843.760.0780
Hardeeville843.784.1580


Georgia

Atlanta404.844.2555

Hours of Operation
M-F 7:00 AM – 5:00 PM







Wire Bond 

Innovation in  

Masonry Construction 

We stock all the accessories needed to ensure a wall's integrity. We also stock continuous systems of masonry wall reinforcing zincluding ladder designs and truss . 

View Products 

 

 



 

 








Click Here 


Click Here 


Click Here 

 



Best Places to Work in South Carolina award

 


We have once again been named one of the Best Places to Work in South Carolina! With the cooperation of our dedicated employees, we hope to be the very best!Click for Full Story

 


Fastest growing companies in South Carolina award

 


We were named the 12th fastest growing large company in South Carolina on Wednesday night in Columbia.Click for Full Story
Thanks to all of our Associates, customers, and suppliers for making this happen.

 


Featured Manufacturers

 



 
 
For over a century, The Euclid Chemical Company has served the global building market as a worldwide quality supplier of specialty products and technical support services for the concrete and masonry construction industry.
Above Grade
Ad Mixtures
Expoxy
Cleaning
Flooring Color

 



 
 
Through capital investment and strategic partnerships, Okabe has achieved sales of over half billion dollars and employs over 1,500 people worldwide. OKABE uses a broad range of metal forming technologies to provide a diverse selection of engineered fasteners and components.
Construction Industry
Concrete Forming Accessories
Waterstop Products
Scaffolding & Shoring Components
Rebar Splicing
Transportation Industry

 



 
 
Kraft Tool’s product line is manufactured for the Professional Craftsman. Their tools are created for everyday use by the professional cement finisher, brick mason, asphalt paver, tile setter, plasterer or drywall craftsman.
Rubbing Bricks
Broom Accessories
Cable Reels
Drywall Specialty Tools
Concrete Edgers and Groovers

 



 
 
The efficient CHROMIX®-IT 204 Color Center produces buckets of CHROMIX® L (liquid) for in-store bucket sales to concrete contractors.
 
Our Chromix machine allows us to produce up to 800 custom liquid colors. Accurate weight calibration provides quality control and accuracy to measure out color dosage by the yard. Keep us in mind when you need custom liquid color for any of your decorative concrete jobs.

 



 
 
SpecChem supplies and services the concrete distributor network with quality construction chemicals that provide performance and value to the industry. SpecChem emphasizes distributor profitability through innovative programs and quality products with a new and higher level of service that our customers deserve in today’s marketplace.

 



 
 
Structural products that help people build safer and stronger homes and buildings.
Deck Products
Fastening Systems
Lateral Systems
Wood Construction Connectors
Specialty Connectors
Protection and Strengthening Systems for Concrete and Masonry

 








Company Brochure

 


Our new company brochure is now available. Click to Download


 











 


























