



History ｜ MORITO CO.,LTD.
































HOME
Site Map




















HOME
History










1908
Morito Shoten founded (sale of eyelets, hooks, shoelaces started)


1935
Morito Shoten Corporation established


1963
Morito Shoten Corporation renamed MORITO & Co., Ltd.


1976
Morito & Co., Ltd. renamed Morito Co., Ltd.


1977
Morito Industrial Co., (H.K.) Ltd. established (consolidated subsidiary, China)


1983
Kane-M Inc. established (consolidated subsidiary, U.S.A.)


1985
Morito (Europe) B.V. established (consolidated subsidiary, Netherlands)


1987
Ace Industrial Machinery Co., Ltd. established (consolidated subsidiary, Japan)


1988
Taiwan Morito Co., Ltd. established (consolidated subsidiary, Taiwan)


1989
Stock listed on the second section of the Osaka Securities Exchange


1997
Zama Logistics Center opened


2001
Through M&A arrangements and as subsidiaries of Morito Industrial Co., (H.K.) Ltd.
								
Wah Kin Metal Products Mfg. Co., Ltd. acquired (consolidated subsidiary, China)
Morito (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. acquired (consolidated subsidiary, China)




2003


Kane-M Shanghai Co., Ltd. established (consolidated subsidiary, China)
Three Runners Co., Ltd. acquired through M&A arrangements (consolidated subsidiary, Japan)




2005
Bao'an Factory of Morito Industrial Co., (H.K.) Ltd. and Morito (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. relocated and expanded (China)


2007
Wah Kin Metal Products Mfg. Co., Ltd. acquired by Morito Industrial Co., (H.K.) Ltd. through M&A arrangements (China)


2008
"Business/capital partnership with the Kuraray Group started Kuraray Fastening Co., Ltd. transformed as equity-method affiliate"


2009
Dalian Office of Kane-M Shanghai Co., Ltd. established


2010


Kane-M Shanghai Co., Ltd. Shenzhen Office opened
KANE-M DANANG Co., Ltd. established (Vietnam)




2011
Kane-M (Thailand) Co., Ltd. established (Thailand)


2012


The Representative Office Of Morito Co.,Ltd. In Myanmar(Yangon) opened (Myanmar)
Kane-M,Inc. Michigan Branch opened




2013
Stock listed on the second section of the Tokyo Securities Exchange


2014


Matex Inc. acquired through M&A arrangements (consolidated subsidiary, Japan)
Kane-M,Inc. Tennessee Branch opened
GSG Fasteners,LLC dba Scovill Fasteners acquired through M&A arrangements (consolidated subsidiary, U.S.A.)
								



2016
Stock listed on the first section of the Tokyo Securities Exchange











Footwear Materials
Apparel Materials
Retail Distribution
Transportation Equipment
Business Materials









AMERICA




KANEｰM,INC.

GSG FASTENERS,LLC
 



EUROPE




MORITO (EUROPE) B.V.
 
 



ASIA




MORITO INDUSTRIAL CO.,(H.K.)LTD.

KANE-M SHANGHAI CO.,LTD.

TAIWAN MORITO CO.,LTD.



MORITO(SHEN ZHEN)CO.,LTD.

MORITO ISHIHARA AUTO PARTS(SHENZHEN) CO.,LTD.

KANE-M DANANG CO., LTD.



KANE-M (THAILAND) CO., LTD.
 
 












MORITO CO.,LTD.
For solutions, estimates, or further information, please feel free to contact us.







Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us

Copyright(C) MORITO CO., LTD.  All Rights Reserved. 

















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














New Home Page | Consolidated Aerospace Manufacturing
































Skip to main content















   

   

   

   

   




 

 














Home
Products
CompaniesBristol Industries, LLC
Aerofit, LLC
Voss Industries
3V Fasteners Company, Inc.
QRP, Inc.

Contact








    

 





New Home Page







 

Consolidated Aerospace Manufacturing, LLC (CAM) is a group of high quality manufacturers of fittings, hardware and fastening solutions for the aircraft and aerospace industries.
As experts in the design and manufacture of precision aerospace/aircraft components, CAM brings a full range of resources to companies such as Airbus, BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Lockheed Martin and Raytheon. CAM companies can also address the critical needs of general industrial manufacturers such as transportation, power generation, industrial machinery and others. CAM companies are accredited to ISO9001:2008 AND AS9100 and also meet MIL/MS/AS & NAS and specific customer standards.
 










Bristol Industries, LLC 


Aerofit, LLC 


Voss Industries, Inc.  


3V® Fasteners Company, Inc.  


QRP®, Inc. 


 











CAM Products | Consolidated Aerospace Manufacturing






























Skip to main content



















Home
Products
CompaniesBristol Industries, LLC
Aerofit, LLC
Voss Industries
3V Fasteners Company, Inc.
QRP, Inc.

Contact








    

 





CAM Products












 



 









 
 Self-Locking Nuts and Gang Channels 

 Fluid Pressure Fittings/Precision Machined Hardware 

 Band Clamps, Couplings, Flanges, Ducting Components and Other Fabricated Products 

 Fasteners for Aerospace/Aircraft Applications 

 Quick release pins 
 
 





 Self-Locking Nuts and Gang Channels 
   
  
 Bristol Industries is approved to manufacture fasteners to meet the ever-increasing requirements of major aerospace companies around the globe.Products include Shear & tension self- locking nuts, nut plates, and gang channel for Airframe and Engine applications in a wide range of alloys – including CRES, Alloy Steel, Aluminum, Inconel, Waspalloy, Titanium, and Multi-phase materials.
Airframe Nuts • Wrenchable Nuts • Anchor Nuts • Hi-Strength High Fatigue • Sealing Nuts • Captive Washer Nuts • Barrel Nuts
Engine Nuts • Shank Nuts • Wrenchable Nuts • Anchor Nuts
Airframe Gang Channel • Straight • Circular • Oval • Domed & Self-Sealing
Engine Gang Channel • Radius
 

 Fluid Pressure Fittings/Precision Machined Hardware 
   
  
 Tube fittings and precision machined components manufactured to industry standards, customer standards or special designs are used extensively in aerospace fluid plumbing systems. These systems include, but are not limited to: hydraulic, pneumatic, fuel, oxygen, etc.  Products are available in many configurations using various materials.  An alternative to conventional tube attachment methods is Aerofit's revolutionary Shape Memory Alloy tube and fitting joining system (CryoFit®, Cryolive®, Lightweight Union and Cryflare®).  This technology offers a lower total installed cost and zero leak joints.
Products Include: Adapters • Unions • Sleeves • Tees • Elbows • Crosses • Tube/Hose Nuts  • Couplings • Nozzles • Collars • Flanges 
 

 Band Clamps, Couplings, Flanges, Ducting Components and Other Fabricated Products 
   
  
 Voss Industries has grown to become one of the world's leading suppliers of highly engineered V-retainer couplings, mated flanges, T-bolt band clamps, strap assemblies and special fabricated products to an extensive array of industries, including aerospace, food and chemical processing, medical, telecommunications and transportation.
 

 Fasteners for Aerospace/Aircraft Applications 
   
  
 Fasteners for military, aerospace and aviation including standard and special bolts and screws to mil-spec and customer special requirements. Thread sizes up to 3/4” in diameter and materials that include various high strength alloys, stainless steel, aluminum, steel, inconel and titanium.
 

 Quick release pins 
   
  
 Quick release pins, systems and struts designed and manufactured for the aircraft, aerospace and industrial markets.
Products include:
• Single /double acting pins Ground handling pins • Cam lever pins • High tensile pins • Detent pins • Marine pins • Struts • Self retaining bolts • Track lock system • Adjustable diameter fasteners • Receptacles
 


 









Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 




Outlaw - World's Best Screw | Licensing Overview


































Licensing Overview








Outlaw Licensing Overview
Consolidated Fasteners, LLC (“Consolidated”) owns all of the Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and all other Intellectual Property associated with the Outlaw Drive System (“Outlaw IP”). Consolidated issues licenses to qualified manufacturers, which allows the manufactures to utilize the Outlaw IP in the production of screws and fasteners.
Benefits of Being a Licensee
Consolidated limits the number of manufacturers so that the quality of the Outlaw products and brand are the best in the World. This allows the licensees to produce The World’s Best Screw and gives them access to the growing Authorized Outlaw Distribution Network, which creates business opportunities throughout the World.
Consolidated exclusively supplies all of the gages to the Licensees and re-certifies each gage free of charge on an annual basis. Consolidated has an engineering team that is on call for all the technical support needed to be successful with the production of the Outlaw IP based products.
	 How do I Become a Licensee?
Consolidated licenses tooling manufacturers that produce heading tools, fasteners and screw manufacturers and bit/driver manufacturers. If you are one of the above and are interested in becoming part of Outlaw Revolution, simply send us an email at licensing@outlawfasteners.com.
Once we receive your email, we will schedule a call to discuss your manufacturing capabilities, target markets and experience level. If there is a fit, we will forward you an application and begin the process of evaluating you becoming a Licensee.
We look forward to exploring opportunities that allow us to further our mission of changing the way the World screws.












Facebook
Linkedin
Instagram
Twitter
Google

Copyright © 2016 - 2017 All Rights Reserved. Term of Use, Privacy, Licensing
 





Back to Top























	OUTLAW Trademark of Consolidated Fasteners, LLC. Serial Number: 87456645 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Metal Products
OUTLAW










 
Get FREE email alerts













OUTLAW  Trademark Information
 Consolidated Fasteners, LLC
Metal fasteners, namely, screws; Metal screws
Bits for power drills; Extensions for power drill bits; Power drill bit extensions; Power drill bits; Power-operated screwdrivers
Bit drivers for hand tools; Bits for hand drills; Drill bits for hand drills; Hand tools, namely, screwdrivers




Perfect for these industries

Metal Products
Machinery Products
Hand Tool Products





Words that describe this mark
metal   fasteners         screws   metal   screws    
                                    




This is a brand page for the OUTLAW trademark by Consolidated Fasteners, LLC 
                                in Lexington, KY, 40502.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this OUTLAW trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Consolidated Fasteners, LLC of the OUTLAW trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the OUTLAW trademark.
                           






On Friday, May 19, 2017,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        OUTLAW by 
                        Consolidated Fasteners, LLC, Lexington, KY  40502.
                        The USPTO has given the OUTLAW 
                        trademark serial  number of  87456645.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is NEW APPLICATION FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for OUTLAW is 
                        
                        
                                            TIMOTHY J. LOCKHART of 
                                            WILLCOX & SAVAGE, P.C.,  ATTN.: IP ADMINISTRATOR, 440 MONTICELLO AVENUE, SUITE 2200 NORFOLK, VA 23510-2243
                                .
                            The OUTLAW trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Metal Products
                                , 
                                    Machinery Products
                                , 
                                    Hand Tool Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for OUTLAW 
                            is Metal fasteners, namely, screws; Metal screws. 
                            





Word mark:
 OUTLAW


  Status/Status Date:  


NEW APPLICATION FILED

5/25/2017



  Serial Number:  
87456645


  Filing Date:  
5/19/2017


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Metal fasteners, namely, screws; Metal screws


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the word OUTLAW printed below a stylized drawing of part of a tool bit and above a horizontal bar.


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Consolidated Fasteners, LLCLexington, KY  40502
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Drills, bits for drills  (Hardware, tools and ladders, non  -  motorized agricultural implements; keys and locks.  -  Tools (hand and power) ) see more design...


                                                    Rectangles that are completely or partially shaded (Geometric figures and solids   -  Rectangles) see more design...


                                                    Letters or words underlined and/or overlined by one or more strokes or lines (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


TIMOTHY J. LOCKHART
WILLCOX & SAVAGE, P.C.
ATTN.: IP ADMINISTRATOR
440 MONTICELLO AVENUE, SUITE 2200
NORFOLK, VA 23510-2243





 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (006) - Common metals and their alloys; metal building materials; transportable buildings of metal; materials of metal for railway tracks; nonelectric cables and wires of common metal; ironmongery, small items of metal hardware; pipes and tubes of metal; safes; goods of common metal not included in other classes; ores.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (007) - Machines and machine tools; motors and engines (except for land vehicles); machine coupling and transmission components (except for land vehicles); agricultural implements other than hand-operated; incubators for eggs.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (008) - Hand tools and implements (hand-operated); cutlery; side arms; razors. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your OUTLAW trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/25/2017
NEW APPLICATION FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



TIMOTHY J. LOCKHART


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of OUTLAW trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search outlaw on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for OUTLAW 




OUTLAW is providing Metal fasteners, namely, screws; Metal screws.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 



























BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.


















































BBB Business Profile | Consolidated Fasteners, Inc.



















Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Industrial Products Wholesalers & Distributors
 > 
Consolidated Fasteners, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited






Consolidated Fasteners, Inc.



Submit a Review

































Consolidated Fasteners, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(801) 261-0200

Consolidated Fasteners, Inc.
32 years in business

        3943 S 500 W
        Salt Lake City, UT 84123-1359
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (801) 261-0255
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 07/26/2000
            

                Business Started: 01/01/1985


                Business Started Locally: 01/01/1985
            

                Business Incorporated: 12/20/1988 in UT





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Larry Larson, Owner
                






            Business Category
        


                Industrial Products Wholesalers & Distributors
            








 








            Business Information
        






                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            











Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Consolidated Fasteners, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Consolidated Fasteners, Inc.
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 























 











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Security Check Required






FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


