











































 P. Scott Conti, president of Providence & Worcester Railroad Co., Worcester - News - telegram.com - Worcester, MA






































NewsSportsLivingObitsItemBannerCarsJobsE-EditionSubscriber ServicesHomes





























Subscribe



log in







Site 

Site
Archive



































P. Scott Conti, president of Providence & Worcester Railroad Co., Worcester







Sunday
Jun 15, 2014 at 6:00 AM








Since 2005, P. Scott Conti has been president of the Providence & Worcester Railroad Company, a publicly traded company based in Worcester (with other headquarters in Cumberland, R.I. and Plainville, Conn.). He began his tenure in 1988 as an engineering manager, and worked his way up into other positions such as chief engineer and vice president of engineering by 1999. The Providence & Worcester Railroad Company is a short-line freight railroad operating in Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut and New York. Its operations involve transportation of a wide variety of commodities for its 140 customers including iron and steel products, processed foods, construction materials, chemicals, plastics and more. Last year, the company transported 34,402 carloads of freight.How has the company changed in the last couple of years to grow and adapt to market conditions?"The largest change we made in creating new opportunities is building access to multiple railroads. There are seven major Class I railroads in North America and the Providence & Worcester Railroad has access to four. We connect with CSX in Worcester, with Pan Am Southern and Norfolk Southern in Gardner and Canadian Pacific at Willimantic, Conn. Creating those interchanges allowed us to have better opportunities for traffic for our customers. It gives them more opportunities to bring freight to New England. P&W operates on a system of 516 miles to four states, so these connections allow access to our entire operating area. Another change has been in our employee base. The company for many years had employees that started in the '70s or early '80s and worked for 25 or 35 years. In the last four or five years, those employees retired, and we've hired new people to replace them that don't have the experience or institutional knowledge of the others — but are learning our business and bringing in innovative ideas and new opportunities to grow. They are being supervised to meet all the educational requirements and safety requirements of our system."P&W handles plastics, chemicals, lumber and a wide range of other products. Do you see an increase in particular areas and concurrently, are there items that you are handling less frequently?"Recently, the largest increase we've seen is in moving aggregates. And aggregates are (mined) in Connecticut on our property and they are used to create asphalt and concrete and construction materials. We haul those to other locations in Connecticut as well as New York City. There's a large construction market in NYC. That's an area where we've seen significant growth.  Areas where we've seen some decline mostly based on the energy market is dealing with coal. For years, we handled coal shipped into Providence, loaded on the dock and then moved to power plants in New Hampshire and Western Mass. And we connected with Pan Am Southern. One coal plant recently announced that it's closing this October. The other coal plant is on and off line based on the energy demands and the ability of the rate payers to pay. So when the gas-fired plants don't meet the demands or the pricing has an impact, the coal power will make up that demand or become that power demand based on pricing."Last year, the company's revenues grew by $3.3 million or 11.2 percent. How is that success continuing into 2014 and to what can it be attributed?"It's the aggregates. Currently, that's a market we can serve and having five loading points, not so much quarries, but sites where they load railcars on our property in Connecticut and being able to service the New York market has helped us to grow that commodity group. Also, we've seen intermodal pick up in the last two years and we expect it to continue. P&W handles international containers. They come in from all over the world via rail into Worcester and then are distributed into centers from that yard. It is a customs bonded facility and it handles the containers — and that's goods ranging from electronics, clothing and shoes to other manufactured items. That's a customer we've had since 1988, and it's different than the domestic containers that are handled. Our company has a diverse customer base with more than 140 customers, so we're very well rounded to be stable during economic changes here in New England. But it also gives us the opportunity to grow in different commodity groups and that's a big part of it as well."What do you think the public's biggest misconception is about your company and the service it provides?"There are a few, I'd say. We're a large railroad here in Worcester and a large landowner. We have a 516-mile system and we are highly visible, but we're not as big as the CSX Railroad. CSX is 21,000 miles. I think when people think of railroads, they think they are all quite large and we're not nearly as large as some of the bigger class ones. The Providence & Worcester Railroad also does not provide passenger service. We do have chartered excursion trains from time to time, and we work closely with the Blackstone Valley Tourism Council and the Mass Bay Rail Enthusiasts to operate trains on our system, but as far as running passengers from Worcester to Providence, that isn't in place just yet. It's possibly something that could happen in the future. Another misconception: We don't just operate freight from Worcester to Providence. We service a global market, and we're connected to the rail network throughout North America and we have multiple interchanges that I mentioned earlier. It's a big system and we're a piece of that."— Compiled by correspondent Susan Gonsalves













SUBSCRIBE TODAY







Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery.


            Learn More
        





















	
        Compensation Information for P. Scott Conti , President, Chief Operating Officer, Director of PROVIDENCE AND WORCESTER RR | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





P. Scott Conti 
Executive Compensation
As President, Chief Operating Officer, Director at PROVIDENCE AND WORCESTER RR, P. Scott Conti  made $263,150 in total compensation.  Of this total $238,479 was received as a salary, $0 was received as a bonus, $9,712 was received in stock options, $0 was awarded as stock and $14,959 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2015 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for P. Scott Conti ,  President, Chief Operating Officer, Director at PROVIDENCE AND WORCESTER RR as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. PROVIDENCE AND WORCESTER RR income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. PROVIDENCE AND WORCESTER RR annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Robert H. Eder 
Frank K. Rogers 








P. Scott Conti 


Base Pay$238,479
Bonus + Incentive Comp$0
Total Cash Compensation$238,479


Stock Award Value$0
Option Award Value$9,712
Total Equity$9,712



Total Other$14,959



Total Compensation$263,150




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 


	P. Scott Conti: Coverage from 2017 - Railroad industry topic page listing articles, news and coverage about P. Scott Conti. For Railroading Professionals





































 

























 





Paul Scott Conti - Marlborough, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Paul Scott Conti in Marlborough, MA


Paul Scott Conti

                                                                           Intelius found that Paul Scott Conti  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Marlborough, MA.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Paul Scott Conti is in his 50s

Paul Has Lived In

Marlborough, MA
Phillipston, MA
Hopkinton, MA

Paul's Relatives

Jeannie Conti
Scott Conti







Paul Scott Conti



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Paul? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Paul, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Paul Scott Conti
Get a Criminal Check on Paul Scott Conti
Get a Public Record Report on Paul Scott Conti
Get a People Search Report on Paul Scott Conti


Paul Scott Conti's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Paul Scott Conti has lived as well as Paul Scott Conti's phone numbers and email addresses.




Paul Scott Conti Has Lived in 2 States
Massachusetts Address for Paul Scott Conti


146 D******* D* 

Marlborough, MA


Has Lived In

Marlborough, MA
Phillipston, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Paul Scott Conti

(508) ***-**** - Marlborough, MA 
(978) ***-**** - Marlborough, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Paul Scott Conti

p********i@***.net


Get Email Report




Paul Scott Conti's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Paul Scott Conti


Paul Scott Conti's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Paul Scott Conti's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Paul Conti
Username Matches

                  PaulConti
                  ContiPaul
                  Paul.Conti
                  Conti.Paul
                  Paul_Conti
                  Conti_Paul
                  Paul-Conti
                  Conti-Paul
                  PConti
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
P Conti







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














CONTI P SCOTT Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      CONTI P SCOTT
                    

•   WORCESTER, MA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Conti P Scott is based out of Worcester.    WhaleWisdom has at least 8 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Conti P Scott. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from CONTI P SCOTT, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




conti p scott


75 HAMMOND STREET

WORCESTER
MA
                                                        
                                                    01610


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      5087554000
SEC SIC CODE:4011-RAILROADS, LINE-HAUL OPERATING







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 05/25/2017
3 filed on 05/24/2017
4 filed on 11/02/2016
4 filed on 07/01/2016
4 filed on 04/01/2016
4 filed on 01/19/2016
4/A filed on 01/04/2016
4 filed on 01/04/2016
4 filed on 12/29/2015
4 filed on 10/01/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free






















Scott Conti - Head, Sales Efforts at Bluesnap, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Scott Conti
Head, Sales Efforts at Bluesnap, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History 


Scott Conti
Head, Sales Efforts at Bluesnap, Inc.



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 25 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




RelSci
December 10, 2015





                        Scott Conti is now serving in a new position at Bluesnap, Inc.                    





Business Wire
December 8, 2015





                        BlueSnap Hires Top Talent to Continue Growth Spree                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Ralph A. Dangelmaier

Chief Executive Officer at Bluesnap, Inc.




William T. Sobo

Chief Financial Officer at Bluesnap, Inc.





Meir Gefen

General Manager at Bluesnap, Inc.




Joe Twer

Director, Sales at Bluesnap, Inc.





Anthony Speranza

Director, Sales at Bluesnap, Inc.




Manny Pansa

Senior Vice President, Support & Account Management at Bluesnap, Inc.





Scott Fitzgerald

Senior Vice President, Marketing at Bluesnap, Inc.




Faouzi Kassab

Senior Vice President, Engineering at Bluesnap, Inc.





Susan Madden

Senior Vice President, Business Operations at Bluesnap, Inc.




Bob Botelle

Senior Vice President, Customer Success at Bluesnap, Inc.







See 15 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 15 More 


 


 Paths to Scott Conti



            Scott Conti          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Scott Conti






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Scott Conti.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Head, Sales Efforts

                                    2015 - Current                


Bluesnap, Inc.


                  BlueSnap, Inc. engages in eCommerce market solutions. It offers services including fraud prevention, flexibliblity and payments. The company was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Waltham, MA.                





 Other Affiliations




              Scott Conti is affiliated with
                            Bluesnap, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















SCOTT CONTI, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    SCOTT CONTI, INC.











Company number P02000117769
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 364064206
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/25/2015
        

Date Of Incorporation 10/28/2002
        

Principal Address
            8126 LAKEWOOD MAIN STREET, SUITE 202, LAKEWOOD RANCH, FL, 34202
            


Mailing Address P.O.BOX 110532, LAKEWOOD RANCH, FL, 34211
        
SCOTT CONTI, INC. Principals

Director, President
                Conti Scott
                 


Address
                8126 LAKEWOOD MAIN STREET SUITE 202, LAKEWOOD RANCH, FL, 34202
                 







Last Annual Reports

2014 4/28/2014
            

2014 4/28/2014
            

2013 4/25/2013
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name CONTI               SCOTT (p)
        

Agent Address
                8126 LAKEWOOD MAIN STREET, LAKEWOOD RANCH, FL, 34202
                

SCOTT CONTI, INC. Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/25/2015
            

Description
SCOTT CONTI, INC. has been set up 10/28/2002 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The SCOTT CONTI, INC. principal adress is 8126 LAKEWOOD MAIN STREET, SUITE 202, LAKEWOOD RANCH, FL, 34202. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to P.O.BOX 110532, LAKEWOOD RANCH, FL, 34211. 
The company`s registered agent is CONTI               SCOTT 8126 LAKEWOOD MAIN STREET, LAKEWOOD RANCH, FL, 34202.  
The company`s management are Director, President - Conti Scott. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/25/2015. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 4/28/2014.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
SCOTT CONTRACTING HOLDINGS, INC.
SCOTT CONTRACTING, L.L.C.
SCOTT CONVENIENCE STORE, INC.
SCOTT CONVENIENCE STORE, LLC
SCOTT CONWELL CORPORATION
SCOTT CO. OF CALIFORNIA











