

























Lisa Conte | HuffPost






























Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you.


























EDITION
US











Arabi


Australia


Brasil


Canada


Deutschland


España


France


Greece


India




Italia


Japan


Korea


Maghreb


México


Québec


South Africa


United Kingdom


United States











Close












Lisa Conte

founder and CEO of Napo Pharmaceuticals




Lisa is founder and CEO of Napo Pharmaceuticals, which brings proprietary products to the global marketplace through local partnerships  Lisa recently successfully completely the initial public offering of Napo on the London Stock Exchange—the first US company to do so.  Napo embraces the” triple bottom line” goals of enhancing financial return by addressing global health needs in its development strategy and environmental sustainability in sourcing its lead product, which is harvested from rain forest areas.  Prior to founding Napo, she founded Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a natural product pharmaceutical company, in 1989, which she also took public on NASDEQ.  Lisa received her AB in Biochemistry from Dartmouth College, her MS in Physiology/Pharmacology from the University of California at San Diego and her MBA from the Amos Tuck School, Dartmouth College.  She is the recipient of several entrepreneurship awards, including the 1994 E&Y Entrepreneur of the Year Award, and has sat on several industry boards.














































































Lisa A. Conte - Founder at Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Lisa A. Conte
Founder at Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Investments Public Holdings Transactions Events 


Lisa A. Conte
Founder at Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



 Overview



Age



58
                                  (Born 1959)
                                              




Notable Companies


Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.

Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Board Seats



5





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 110 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
July 18, 2017





                        Jaguar Neonorm Foal Study Accepted for Publication in Veterinary Journal                    





Philadelphia Inquirer
July 17, 2017





                        Business Calendar                    





Business Wire
June 14, 2017





                        Jaguar Animal Health's Neonorm Calf Obtains OMRI Listing and Can Now be Used in Production of Certified Organic Dairy and Beef Cattle                    





Business Wire
June 5, 2017





                        Jaguar Animal Health and Napo Pharmaceuticals Announce Filing of Two Orphan Drug Designation Applications with FDA for Mytesi for Serious Unmet Medical Needs                    





Business Wire
May 24, 2017





                        Napo Pharmaceuticals' New Mytesi Video Calls Attention to the Continuing Widespread Problem of Diarrhea in People Living With HIV/AIDS                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Gregory B. Stock

Program Director-Medicine, Technology & Society at University of California -  Los Angeles




Zhi Yang

Founder at Shanghai Bioveda Investment Management Consulting Co. Ltd.





Steven R. King

Senior Vice President, Sustainable Supply, Ethnobotanical Research & Intellectual Property at Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Charles O. Thompson III

Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President-Finance at Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.





Thomas Van Dyck

Consultant at The Educational Foundation of America




William Neil Young

Former Head-Middle East Division at Coutts & Co.





Joshua Mailman 

Investor & Advisor at Jalia Ventures




Richard Lawrence Fields

Former Managing Director at Allen & Company LLC





James J. Bochnowski

Founder at Delphi Ventures, Inc.




John J. Micek III

Managing Partner at Verdant Ventures Advisors LLC







See 100 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 100 More 


 


 Paths to Lisa A. Conte



            Lisa A. Conte          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Lisa A. Conte






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Lisa A. Conte.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



MBA 


Dartmouth College - Tuck School of Business

                  The Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth is the graduate business school of Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, in the United States. Tuck is one of six Ivy league business schools. Founded in 1900, Tuck was the first institution to offer a master's degree in the field of business administration                




AB in Biochemistry 


Dartmouth College

                  Founded in 1769, Dartmouth is a member of the Ivy League and consistently ranks among the world's greatest academic institutions. Dartmouth has forged a singular identity for combining its deep commitment to outstanding undergraduate liberal arts and graduate education with distinguished research and scholarship in the Arts & Sciences and its three leading professional schools—the Geisel School of Medicine, Thayer School of Engineering, and the Tuck School of Business.                




MS in Physiology/Pharmacology 


University of California - San Diego

                  The University of California, San Diego (also referred to as UC San Diego or UCSD) is a public research university located in La Jolla, California, United States. Established in 1960 near the pre-existing Scripps Institution of Oceanography, UCSD is the seventh oldest of the 10 University of California campuses and offers over 200 undergraduate and graduate degree programs. UCSD is one of America's Public Ivy universities, which recognizes top public research universities in the United States.                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer, President & Director

                                    2013 - Current                


Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.


                  Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. engages in the development and commercialization of gastrointestinal products for companion and production animals. Its product, Canalevia, is the company's prescription drug product candidate for the treatment of various forms diarrhea in dogs. It also developed its non-prescription product, Neonorm Calf, which helps dairies and beef farms proactively retain fluid in calves. The company was founded by Lisa A. Conte on June 6, 2013 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                




Founder

                                    2001 - Current                


Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. provides pharmaceutical products for gastro-intestinal disorders. The company was founded by Lisa A. Conte in November 2001 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                




Founder

                                    1989 - Prior                


Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc. engages in the discovery, development, and marketing of novel, proprietary botanical dietary supplements from tropical plant sources. The company was founded by Lisa A. Conte in May 1989 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                




Vice President

                                    1987 - 1989                


Technology Funding, Inc.


                  Technology Funding (TF) focuses on early-stage medical and biotechnology companies. They look for companies that that have strong management teams, large market opportunities, and possess either a proprietary technology or some other sustainable competitive advantage. Their investment activities are focused on, but not limited to, the following areas: medical devices, diagnostics, biotechnology, medical information systems and healthcare services.                




Auditor, Risk & Strategy

                                    1985 - 1987                


Strategic Decisions Group


                  Strategic Decisions Group provides consulting solutions. Its solutions include business strategy, portfolio management and allocation, decision and risk analytics, and organization and decision process design. The company was founded by Ronald A. Howard in 1981 and is headquartered in Palo Alto, CA.                




Intern, Venture Capital Group

                                    Prior                


Eli Lilly & Company


                  Eli Lilly & Co. engages in the discovery, development, manufacture, and sale of pharmaceutical products. It operates through the Human Pharmaceutical Products and Animal Health segments. The Human Pharmaceutical products segment includes the discovery, development, manufacturing, marketing, and sales of human pharmaceutical products worldwide in the following therapeutic areas: neuroscience, endocrinology, oncology, cardiovascular, and other. The Animal health segment operating through the Elanco Animal Health division, develops, manufactures, and markets products for both food and companion animals. The Animal health products include Rumensin, Tylan, Posilac, Paylean and other products for livestock and poultry, as well as Trifexis, Comfortis, and other products for companion animals. The Other Pharmaceuticals products include anti-infectives, primarily Vancocin and Ceclor, and other miscellaneous pharmaceutical products and services. Its products are distributed through wholesalers that serve pharmacies, physicians and other health care professionals, and hospitals. The company was founded by Eli Lilly on May 1876 and is headquartered in Indianapolis, IN.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chief Executive Officer, President & Director

                    2013 - Current                  


Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.

                    Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. engages in the development and commercialization of gastrointestinal products for companion and production animals. Its product, Canalevia, is the company's prescription drug product candidate for the treatment of various forms diarrhea in dogs. It also developed its non-prescription product, Neonorm Calf, which helps dairies and beef farms proactively retain fluid in calves. The company was founded by Lisa A. Conte on June 6, 2013 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    2001 - Current                  


Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                    Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. provides pharmaceutical products for gastro-intestinal disorders. The company was founded by Lisa A. Conte in November 2001 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Healing Forest Conservatory






President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer & Director

                    1989 - Prior                  


Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                    Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc. engages in the discovery, development, and marketing of novel, proprietary botanical dietary supplements from tropical plant sources. The company was founded by Lisa A. Conte in May 1989 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                  




Director

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


My Mercury Risk, Inc.







 Political Donations



$500

                  1994                


Thomas Richard Harkin


                  Former Senator from Iowa                




$500

                  1994                


Jim Cooper


                  Representative from Tennessee's 5th Congressional District                




$1,000

                  1994                


Orrin Grant Hatch


                  President Pro Tempore at Office of the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, Orrin Hatch                




$500

                  1994                


Dianne Feinstein


                  Senator from California                





 Investments



 Details Hidden


Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.

                  Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. engages in the development and commercialization of gastrointestinal products for companion and production animals. Its product, Canalevia, is the company's prescription drug product candidate for the treatment of various forms diarrhea in dogs. It also developed its non-prescription product, Neonorm Calf, which helps dairies and beef farms proactively retain fluid in calves. The company was founded by Lisa A. Conte on June 6, 2013 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                




 Details Hidden


Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                  Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. provides pharmaceutical products for gastro-intestinal disorders. The company was founded by Lisa A. Conte in November 2001 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  






See 7 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 7 More 






 Events



Speaker

                  Los Angeles, CA, United States                




2004 Milken Institute Global Conference

                  Through a unique international agenda and some of the smartest speakers on the planet, the Milken Institute Global Conference tackles the world’s most difficult challenges in an array of fields - from finance and philanthropy, to the environment and education, to government and health.                





 Other Affiliations




              Lisa A. Conte is affiliated with
                            Jaguar Animal Health, Inc., Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Technology Funding, Inc., Strategic Decisions Group, Eli Lilly & Company, Jaguar Animal Health, Inc., Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Healing Forest Conservatory, Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc., My Mercury Risk, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Lisa Conte'  - Lisa conte'.com














































				FALL-WINTER 2016
			



				NEWS 
			



				Lisa Conte' 
			



				ARCHIVES 2015
			



				ARCHIVES 2014
			



				ARCHIVES 2013
			



				ARCHIVES 2012
			



				Contact
			






















 
 Company profile   Our company operates in the production of leather and shearling wear in Italian fashion more than 28 years.  During these years, we have acquired the experience for offer to our customers, a high quality product, researched and refined, totally edited and finished by craftsmanship.   Continuously we invest in innovation, in research of new materials and accessories for create new and avant-garde style.   The company works together like a family, and each member’s passion and creativity is encouraged to contribute to final products. Their experience is guarantee a high quality.   The brand Lisa Conte’ is start in 1992, the brand originally designed women's leather & shearling wear. During the 2000s the business grew to include woman's wear and accessories. Lisa Conte' for elegant and luxurious women's wear that is also wearable and practical. All products are entirely MADE IN ITALY.
 



















 

 




Proudly powered by Weebly







				FALL-WINTER 2016
			



				NEWS 
			



				Lisa Conte' 
			



				ARCHIVES 2015
			



				ARCHIVES 2014
			



				ARCHIVES 2013
			



				ARCHIVES 2012
			



				Contact
			





















✕










Conte, Lisa - The Wall Street Transcript














































 





































Lisa  Conte
LISA CONTE is the Founder, President and Corporate Executive Officer of
Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which in 1999 became ShamanBotancials.com.
After the US Food and Drug Administration delayed Shaman
Pharmaceuticals’ plans to market its first drug, Provir, in 1999, which
threatened to bankrupt the company, Ms. Conte successfully transitioned
Shaman into the dietary supplement business and an Internet/cable
content company. Prior to founding Shaman, Ms. Conte worked for
Strategic Decisions Group, conducting risk and strategy audits for
technology companies funded by venture capital. In 1987 she moved to
Technology Funding, a venture capital fund, and was responsible for
recommending investments in healthcare companies. Shaman
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was founded in 1989, and in 1990 Ms. Conte founded
The Healing Forest Conservancy, a nonprofit organization associated with
Shaman that channels Shaman’s profits to all communities and cultures
that contributed to the development of products. Ms. Conte has served on
many Boards of Directors, including that of the AIDS Treatment Data
Network, the Biotechnology Industry Organization, the Bay Area
Bioscience Center, the Amazon Conservation Team, the California
Healthcare Institute, the University of California at San Francisco
Foundation, Dartmouth College Presidents Leadership Council, and
California Governor Pete Wilson’s Council on Biotechnology. She has also
received Ernst & Young’s prestigious 1994 Entrepreneur of the Year
award. Ms. Conte received her AB in Biochemistry from Dartmouth College,
an MS in Physiology/Pharmacology at the University of California at San
Diego, and an MBA from the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration
at Dartmouth.
Related Interviews:Lisa  Conte -  Shaman Pharmaceuticals Inc (shph.ob)July 17, 2000







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














Lisa A. Conte: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 8:36 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Lisa A. Conte  Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships58$896,621As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Ms. Lisa A. Conte has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. since June 6, 2013. Ms. Conte is a Co-Founder of Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in 2001 and serves as its Chief Executive Officer. She has been an Executive Director of Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since November 15, 2001. She founded Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a natural product pharmaceutical company, in 1989. She served President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial ... Officer of as the Shaman Pharmaceuticals Inc. From 1987 to 1989, Ms. Conte served as a Vice President at Technology Funding, Inc., a venture capital firm where she was responsible for the analysis and management of health care industry investments. From 1985 to 1987, she conducted risk and strategy audits for start-up health care companies at Strategic Decisions Group. She also served as a Director of Shaman Pharmaceuticals Inc. Ms. Conte interned at Eli Lilly & Company where she worked with their internal venture capital group to identify promising new biotechnology companies. She is the recipient of several entrepreneurship awards, including the 1994 E&Y Entrepreneur of the Year Award and served on several industry boards. She serves as a Director of My Mercury Risk, Inc. She has been Director of Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. since June 6, 2013. Ms. Conte received her AB in Biochemistry from Dartmouth College, her MS in Physiology and Pharmacology from the University of California at San Diego and an MBA from the Amos Tuck School, Dartmouth College.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
201 Mission StreetSan Francisco, California 94105United StatesPhone: 415-371-8300Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorMy Mercury Risk, Inc.2001-PresentFounder, CEO & Executive DirectorNapo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.2013-PresentChief Executive Officer, President and DirectorJaguar Animal Health, Inc.
Education
BA Dartmouth CollegeMS University of California - San DiegoMBA Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth
Other Affiliations
Shaman Pharmaceuticals Inc.Dartmouth CollegeUniversity of California - San DiegoNapo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Tuck School of Business at DartmouthMy Mercury Risk, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$446,205Total Annual Compensation$446,205
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$14,923Exercisable Options$278,499Unexercisable Options$485,680Total Number of Options$764,179
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$461,128Total Short Term Compensation$446,205Other Long Term Compensation$14,923Total Calculated Compensation$896,621




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationIan D. Page Chief Executive Officer, Managing Director and Executive DirectorDechra Pharmaceuticals plc$757.0KJack Clifford Bendheim Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentPhibro Animal Health Corporation$2.5MMatthieu  Frechin Chief Executive Officer and DirectorVétoquinol SA$421.6KSteven  St. Peter M.D.Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President & DirectorAratana Therapeutics, Inc.$467.5KRobert T. Joseph President, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorParnell Pharmaceuticals Holdings Ltd--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Jaguar Animal Health, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























  Conte Archive | Mona Lisa Artists' Materials Ltd                     ﻿Conte’ a’ ParisAlso known as Conte Sticks or Conte Crayons are a drawing medium composed of compressed powdered graphite or charcoal mixed with a wax or clay base square. They come in square sticks and pencilsInvented in France by Nicolas Jacques Conte , painter, chemist, physicist, inventor, and balloonist. He also  developed the modern graphite mine consisting of a mixture of clay and graphite in 1794 and produced the lead pencil .  It wasn’t until 1795 that he created pencils and pastelsConte crayons offers the widest possible variety of techniques and effects for drawing, sketching and pastel Product Catalog / DRAWING / Conte  Views:    Carres Esquisse Assorted Sketching Crayon sets  12 Landscape Carres Esquisse Assorted Sketching Crayons  12 Portrait Carres Esquisse Assorted  Sketching Crayons  4 Carre’s Esquisse Sketching Crayons  Conte a’ Paris Metal  “Sketching box “  Conte Drawer Box Set  Conte Limited Edition Tin Set  Conte Pencils  Conte Sketching Pencil Sets  Conte Sticks or Squares  Stumps and Tortillions  SearchProduct CategoriesBOOKS (1)Acrylic Books (7)Artists Handbooks (2)Bookbinding Books (2)Calligraphy Books (4)Drawing Books (21)Miscellaneous Books (6)Mixed Media Books (10)Oil Painting Books (5)Pastel Books (4)Perspective Books (2)Watercolour Books (4)DRAWING (1)Charcoal (10)Conte (11)Creta Color Art Sticks (3)Drawing Inks (15)Markers and Fineliners (15)Mechanical Pencils and Leads (13)Pastel Pencils (2)Pastels (0)Chalk Pastels (6)Oil Pastels (4)Wax Pastel (1)Pencil Crayons (14)Pencils (13)Pens & Markers (1)Artline Products (3)Faber Castell Products (3)Itoya Products (1)Pentel Products (7)Pilot Products (13)Platinum Products (1)Sharpie Products (4)Speedball Products (3)Staedtler Products (10)Uni-ball Products (4)NEW PRODUCTS (8)New Products (15)ODDITIES & ACCOMPANIMENTS (29)Cleaners for Brushes (2)Hardware Supplies (28)Metal Leafing (14)Presentation Profolios, Krystal Seal Bags and Portfolios (7)Spray Varnishes / Fixatives / Adhesives (31)PAINTING (1)Acrylic Paints (24)Assorted Jacquard Waxes (1)Block Printing Materials (18)Gesso (8)Golden Acrylic Mediums (30)Gouache Paint (4)Jacquard Dye Mediums (3)Jo Sonja’s Acrylic Mediums (10)Liquitex Acrylic Mediums and Other Acrylic Mediums (37)Metallic Powders and Pigments (6)Oil Mediums & Oil Solvents & Oil Varnishes (63)Oil Paints (14)Priming Materials (13)Procion Mx Dyes ,Textile Dyes, Setasilk and Thickeners (4)Screen Printing Materials (16)Setasilk Mediums (4)Sophisticated Finishes and JAX Products (3)Water Soluble Pencil Crayons (6)Watercolor Mediums (10)Watercolour Paint (18)Pebeo Mixed Media Products (19)SURFACES (1)Bristol “Special Paper Pads” (10)Canvas (7)Fredrix products (0)Fredrix Acrylic Primed Cotton (8)Fredrix Acrylic Primed Linen (5)Fredrix PolyFlax Acrylic Primed Canvas (3)Fredrix Stretcher Bars (1)Fredrix Unprimed Cotton (2)Fredrix Unprimed Linen (1)Canvas Paper Pads (6)Foam Core (3)Gotrick Wood Panels (1)Marker and Other Pads (27)Miscellaneous Paper Pads (17)Miscellaneous Papers (23)Moleskine (9)Other Art Products of Interest (14)Papers (2)Oriental Papers (11)Papers From Around The World (12)Pastel Papers (9)Print Papers (20)Peterboro Mat Boards, Illustration Boards , Museum Board , Design Suede Board and Other Boards (18)Rolls Of Paper (15)Sketchbooks (28)Strathmore Creative Cards & Artist Trading Cards (2)Tracing Paper Rolls (5)Watercolour Pads (1)Watercolour Paper (19)TOOLS (2)Airbrush (1)Artograph Art Projectors and Artograph LightPads (12)Bookbinding Supplies (31)Color Wheels (6)Disposable Palette’s (6)Drafting Supplies (51)Easels (27)Erasers (19)Heinz Jordan Finest Hog Bristle & Synthetic Brushes (4)Heinz Jordan Watercolour Brushes (6)K & S Engineering Metal Mesh Rolls (1)Lead Pointers (4)Manikins & Skeletons (1)Masterson’s Sta Wet Palette’s (5)Mat Cutters (5)Miscellaneous Brushes (6)Miscellaneous Palette’s (4)Miscellaneous Products (50)Oriental Bamboo Brushes (2)Other Drawing Tools (7)Palette Knives (2)Picture Hanging Supplies (14)Robert Simmons Brushes (3)Sculpting (15)Accessories for Sculpting (4)Sharpeners (8)Silver Brushes (5)Tapes (17)Tools that Move Paint (2)Watercolour Palette’s (8)Winsor & Newton Brushes (7)   
 
      
Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  It's okay to be afraid, because you can't be brave or courageous without fear. Dave Chappelle, Comedian     



IL CONTE MONTEPULCIANO - Lisa's Liquor Barn





















































































Locally owned for more than 25 years!



My Account
My Account

Track your order
Wishlist
Edit My Account


Contact us
Tour the Store
Newsletter Signup
 










 




Home
Wines

Shop All Wines
Size

1 L
1.5 L
1.75 L
750 ml
300 ml
375 ml
500 ml
720 ml
View All


Region

Argentina
Australia
California
Chile
France
New York State
Italy
Washington State
View All


Brand

Blackstone
Gato Negro
Gnarly Head
Kendall Jackson
Menage a Trois
Noble Vines
Relax
Yellow Tail
View All


Type

Cabernet Sauvignon
Champagne
Chardonnay
Malbec
Merlot
Pinot Grigio/Pinot Gris
Red Blend
Sparkling Wine
View All


Price

Under $10
$10 – $20
$20 – $30
$30-$40
$40 – $50
Over $50
Rating

80-90
91-100






Spirits

Shop All Spirits
Size

1L
1.5L
1.75L
50 ml
200 ml
375 ml
750 ml
View All


Brand

Black Velvet
Captain Morgan
Dr. McGillicuddy’s
Skol
Smirnoff
Svedka
Tito’s
View All


Type

Bourbon
Brandy
Cognac
Cordials
Irish Whiskey
Gin
Grain Alcohol
View All


Type

Mixer/ Pre-Mixed
Rum
Scotch
Tequila
Vodka
Vermouth
Whiskey
View All


Price

Under $10
$10 – $50
$50 – $100
$100 – $200
$200 – $300
$300 – $400
$400 – $500
$500+




About Us
Events
























Cart
/ $0.00


0






No products in the cart.









































        Add to Wishlist



Product added!

	            Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

	            Browse Wishlist	        




 


Home/Wines
IL CONTE MONTEPULCIANO

$8.99





A perfect wine for pizza, hamburgers and hot dogs, it includes small amounts of Nero d’Avola from Sicily and Uva di Troia from Puglia, and is aged primarily in stainless steel with a few months’ time in large oval, old oak barrels. A fruity, delicious, fresh, dry red with gutsy notes of tomato skin, loamy soil, red currants, kirsch and roasted herbs.





Size:


750 ml

Region:


Italy





Add to cart







        Add to Wishlist



Product added!

	            Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

	            Browse Wishlist	        
















  










Additional information


Reviews (0)





Size
750 ml



Region:
Italy







Reviews
There are no reviews yet.




Be the first to review “IL CONTE MONTEPULCIANO” Cancel reply 
Your Rating
Rate…
Perfect
Good
Average
Not that bad
Very Poor
Your ReviewName * 
Email * 
 

 















Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought









+ Quick View



 

 

MCGREGOR SUNFLOWER WHITE
$7.99



        Add to Wishlist



Product added!

	            Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

	            Browse Wishlist	        




 







+ Quick View



 

 

KNAPP DRY RIESLING
$12.98



        Add to Wishlist



Product added!

	            Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

	            Browse Wishlist	        




 







+ Quick View



 

 

ROMBAUER CARNEROS MERLOT
$29.99



        Add to Wishlist



Product added!

	            Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

	            Browse Wishlist	        




 







+ Quick View



 

 

MCGREGOR HIGHLANDS RED
$10.99



        Add to Wishlist



Product added!

	            Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

	            Browse Wishlist	        




 







+ Quick View



 

 

2009 BRANDBORG FERRIS WHEEL ESTATE PINOT NOIR
$36.99



        Add to Wishlist



Product added!

	            Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

	            Browse Wishlist	        




 







+ Quick View



 

 

MCGREGOR HIGHLANDS WHITE
$9.99



        Add to Wishlist



Product added!

	            Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

	            Browse Wishlist	        




 







+ Quick View



 

 95 Points



2010 DON MELCHOR CABERNET SAUVIGNON
$99.98



        Add to Wishlist



Product added!

	            Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

	            Browse Wishlist	        




 







+ Quick View



 

 

MCGREGOR DRY RIESLING
$17.98



        Add to Wishlist



Product added!

	            Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

	            Browse Wishlist	        




 







+ Quick View



 

 

2014 NEW YORK YANKEES LABEL PASO ROBLES CABERNET SAUVIGNON
$18.98



        Add to Wishlist



Product added!

	            Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

	            Browse Wishlist	        




 







+ Quick View



 

 

CAKEBREAD CELLARS CHARDONNAY
$41.98



        Add to Wishlist



Product added!

	            Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

	            Browse Wishlist	        




 


 






 



















































Lisa Conte, CEO of Jaguar Animal Health and Napo Pharmaceuticals, to Present at the Southern California Investment Forum May 31, 2017 in Los AngelesHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.54-0.91 (-0.04%)Dow 3021,580.07-31.71 (-0.15%)Nasdaq6,387.75-2.25 (-0.04%)LISTENAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemBertolini shares how a life-threatening injury shaped his views on health care.Lisa Conte, CEO of Jaguar Animal Health and Napo Pharmaceuticals, to Present at the Southern California Investment Forum May 31, 2017 in Los AngelesBusiness WireMay 25, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareSAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. (JAGX) (“Jaguar”), an animal health company focused on developing and commercializing first-in-class gastrointestinal products for companion and production animals, foals, and high value horses, and Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Napo), a human health company developing and commercializing novel gastrointestinal prescription products from plants used traditionally in rainforest areas, announced today that Lisa Conte, Jaguar’s president and CEO and Napo’s interim CEO, is scheduled to present at the Southern California Investment Forum luncheon and networking gathering taking place 1:00pm – 4:00pm Pacific time on Wednesday, May 31st at the Skylight Gardens Restaurant, Bar & Gallery in Los Angeles. Ms. Conte will be available for one-on-one meetings with new and existing analysts, investors and partners at the event. To register to attend the event, visit southerncaliforniainvestmentforum.com.About Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.San Francisco-based Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. focuses on the development and commercialization of proprietary pharmaceuticals from rainforest resources for the global marketplace in collaboration with local partners. In April 2017, Napo launched Mytesi®, which is approved by the U.S. FDA for the symptomatic relief of noninfectious diarrhea in adults with HIV/AIDS on antiretroviral therapy. Crofelemer, the active ingredient in Mytesi®, is a botanical (plant-based) drug extracted and purified from the red bark sap of the medicinal Croton lechleri tree in the Amazon rainforest.About Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. is an animal health company focused on developing and commercializing first-in-class gastrointestinal products for companion and production animals, foals, and high value horses. Canalevia™ is Jaguar’s lead prescription drug product candidate, intended for the treatment of various forms of diarrhea in dogs. Equilevia™ (formerly referred to as SB-300) is Jaguar’s prescription drug product candidate for the treatment of gastrointestinal ulcers in horses. Canalevia™ and Equilevia™ contain ingredients isolated and purified from the Croton lechleri tree, which is sustainably harvested. Neonorm™ Calf and Neonorm™ Foal are the Company’s lead non-prescription products. Neonorm™ is a standardized botanical extract derived from the Croton lechleri tree. Canalevia™ and Neonorm™ are distinct products that act at the same last step in a physiological pathway generally present in mammals. Jaguar has nine active investigational new animal drug applications, or INADs, filed with the FDA and intends to develop species-specific formulations of Neonorm™ in six additional target species, formulations of Equilevia™ in horses, and Canalevia™ for cats and dogs.For more information about Jaguar, please visit jaguaranimalhealth.com.About Mytesi®Mytesi® (crofelemer) is an antidiarrheal indicated for the symptomatic relief of noninfectious diarrhea in adult patients with HIV/AIDS on antiretroviral therapy (ART). Mytesi® is not indicated for the treatment of infectious diarrhea. Rule out infectious etiologies of diarrhea before starting Mytesi®. If infectious etiologies are not considered, there is a risk that patients with infectious etiologies will not receive the appropriate therapy and their disease may worsen. In clinical studies, the most common adverse reactions occurring at a rate greater than placebo were upper respiratory tract infection (5.7%), bronchitis (3.9%), cough (3.5%), flatulence (3.1%), and increased bilirubin (3.1%).More information and complete Prescribing Information are available at Mytesi.com. Crofelemer, the active ingredient in Mytesi®, is a botanical (plant-based) drug extracted and purified from the red bark sap of the medicinal Croton lechleri tree in the Amazon rainforest. Napo has established a sustainable harvesting program for crofelemer to ensure a high degree of quality and ecological integrity.Proposed MergerAs announced March 31, 2017, Napo and Jaguar have entered a definitive merger agreement. The companies underscore their expectation that the merger will close by the end of July, 2017.Jaguar has filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that includes proxy solicitation materials. Stockholders of Jaguar and Napo are urged to read the proxy solicitation/prospectus contained in the Registration Statement when it becomes available and any other relevant materials filed with the SEC because these materials will contain important information about the potential merger.Read MoreForward-Looking StatementsCertain statements in this press release constitute “forward-looking statements.” These include statements regarding the proposed merger of Jaguar and Napo, the expectation that the proposed merger will close by the end of July 2017, Jaguar’s intention to develop species-specific formulations of Neonorm™ in additional target species, and Jaguar’s plan to develop formulations of Canalevia™ for cats, horses and dogs. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “aim,” “anticipate,” “could,” “intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are only predictions. Jaguar has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified and some of which are beyond Jaguar’s control. Except as required by applicable law, Jaguar does not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise.Jaguar-JAGXView source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170525005484/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextPrince George's fourth birthday sees new official photo released showing the beaming Royal in 'fun shoot' The TelegraphHere are your best chances at getting a mini SNES Classic Edition (update)PolygonThis baby’s first word has us LOLing so hardHello GigglesWoman has farting nightmare in first yoga class, heads straight to McDonald'sMashableWhite House refuses to deny reports Trump is considering pardoning himself over Russia investigationThe IndependentTrump administration pulls health law help in 18 citiesAssociated PressReport: Trump is particularly disturbed that Mueller can dig through his tax returnsBusiness InsiderThe pizza-making robots that want to change the worldYahoo FinanceGlaxoSmithKline's new CEO prepares to trim drug pipelineReutersAetna CEO Bertolini: How tech plays into the future of healthcareYahoo Finance VideoCall of the week: Now's the time to 'buy' ChipotleYahoo FinanceThe CIA director just dropped some heavy hints that the US is looking into regime change in North KoreaBusiness InsiderMary Kay Launches Beauty Industry First As Thousands Convene For U.S. SeminarPR NewswireAn obscure Senate rule just put the GOP healthcare bill in even bigger perilBusiness InsiderAetna CEO Bertolini: Why he pays his employees to sleepYahoo Finance VideoStocks back off from record highsYahoo FinancePhilippine leader says he won't visit US, says 'it's lousy'Mary Joy: I'm from the Philippines and I disagree what Duterte said. America is a beautiful country!Join the Conversation1 / 5352










La Conte Lisa H Lawyer                                                                                                   - North Brunswick                                   , NJ         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



North Brunswick



Legal Services



General Practice Attorney, Lawyer



                            La Conte Lisa H Lawyer
                                    



 





















L 


La Conte Lisa H Lawyer                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1368 HOW LN NORTH BRUNSWICK, NJ 08902
Get Directions



(732) 214-1800
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $140,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries General Practice Attorney, Lawyer
 Contacts Regina Ferrara                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, La Conte Lisa H Lawyer                                                                                                   has been providing General Practice Attorney, Lawyer from North Brunswick. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














  Our Team | Jaguar Animal Health                     follow us:         Our Team  About UsOur TeamBoard of Directors    Executive Management TeamLisa Conte, President & Chief Executive OfficerMs. Conte has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors since she founded the company in June 2013. From 2001 to 2014, Ms. Conte served as the Chief Executive Officer of Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company she founded in November 2001. In 1989, Ms. Conte founded Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a natural product pharmaceutical company. Additionally, Ms. Conte is Napo Pharmaceutical’s current Interim Chief Executive Officer and has served as a member of its board of directors since 2001. Ms. Conte is also currently a member of the board of directors of Healing Forest Conservatory, a California not-for-profit public benefit corporation. Ms. Conte holds an M.S. in Physiology and Pharmacology from the University of California, San Diego, and an M.B.A. and A.B. in Biochemistry from Dartmouth College.  Steven King, Ph.D., Executive Vice President of Sustainable Supply, Ethnobotanical Research and IPDr. King has served as our Executive Vice President of Sustainable Supply, Ethnobotanical Research and Intellectual Property since March 2014. From 2002 to 2014, Dr. King served as the Senior Vice President of Sustainable Supply, Ethnobotanical Research and Intellectual Property at Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Prior to that, Dr. King served as the Vice President of Ethnobotany and Conservation at Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Dr. King has been recognized by the International Natural Products and Conservation Community for the creation and dissemination of research on the long-term sustainable harvest and management of Croton lechleri, the widespread source of crofelemer. Dr. King is currently a member of the board of directors of Healing Forest Conservatory, a California not-for-profit public benefit corporation. Dr. King holds a Ph.D. in Biology from the Institute of Economic Botany of the New York Botanical Garden and an M.S. in Biology from the City University of New York.  Karen Wright, Chief Financial Officer & TreasurerMs. Wright joined Jaguar’s team in December 2015. She brings more than 30 years of financial experience with a number of international biotech companies. Prior to joining Jaguar Animal Health, Ms. Wright most recently was head of finance for Clene Nanomedicine. She also served as vice president of finance and corporate controller at multiple other private and public companies, including Veracyte and Intermune, which was acquired by Roche. Early in her career, Ms. Wright spent 13 years at Genentech building a strong foundation in the biotech industry. Ms. Wright has been responsible for financial reporting and operational financial planning and analysis, including R&D, clinical, marketing and sales, G&A and manufacturing; as well as tax and treasury planning. She has participated in three IPOs and numerous offerings. Ms. Wright holds a BS in Accounting and Marketing from the University of California Walter A. Haas School Of Business.  Rustom Masalawala, Senior Vice President, International MarketsRustom Masalawala has worked in the developing world for the past 15 years in a broad range of countries and across multiple sectors. Prior to joining Jaguar he was the Vice President of Business Development for Venture Dairy, an organization dedicated to investing in the dairy sector in the developing world, with the goal of completing the value chain from the smallholder farmer to the final consumer markets. From 2008 to 2011, he was the Director of Business Development at Millennium Promise, a project of the Earth Institute at Columbia University, dedicated to using a holistic approach to bring people out of the poverty trap. The project spanned ten countries and fourteen different locations across Sub-Saharan Africa and directly benefited close to one million people. In 2001 he joined Acumen Fund as one of the earliest employees and ran their health portfolio for five years, focusing primarily on South East Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa. Over the years he has held several senior consulting positions, including working with Napo Pharmaceuticals where he formed international joint ventures. Mr. Masalawala holds a Bachelors in Physics/Math from the University of Mumbai, a Masters in Computer Science from SUNY, and a Diploma in Business Management from Xavier’s Institute of Management.  Bobba Venkatadri, Executive Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply ChainBobba brings over 30 years of US and international senior executive leadership in pharmaceutical manufacturing. Mr. Venkatadri is Senior VP of Operations at Aaradigm Pharmaceuticals. Previously he was Executive Vice President of Operations for Dissent RTP, Inc., a division of Akzo Nobel; Chief Executive Officer of Molecular Bios stems, Inc.; Executive Vice President of Centocor; President of Warner-Lambert Indonesia; and Vice President, US Operations of Parke-Davis. He has contributed to more than 5 product approvals, including several manufactured at overseas facilities in compliance with US FDA guidelines.            



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














lisa conte - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











See Lisa Conte's Arrests | PublicRecordsOfficial.com



Ad
 ·
www.PublicRecordsOfficial.com



Search Lisa Conte's Records Free & Anonymously.





Public Records



Marriage Records



Arrest Records




Driving Records



Background Checks



Divorce Records





We Found Lisa Conte | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Lisa Conte



1) Lisa Conte's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Lisa Conte Revealed - Want Info on Lisa Conte?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Lisa Conte? Just Search A Name and State.















Jean-Pierre L. Conte




Committee. According to the organization’s executive director Dr. Lisa Micheli, “This is a very generous gift from Mr. Conte, a long-time supporter of the environment and

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Lisa Conte | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/author/lisa-conte


Lisa is founder and CEO of Napo Pharmaceuticals, which brings proprietary products to the global marketplace through local partnerships Lisa recently successfully ...


Zero Oxygen | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-conte/work-life-balance_b_2004379.html


Zero Oxygen. By Lisa Conte. ... Lisa Conte founder and CEO of Napo Pharmaceuticals ... Part of HuffPost MultiCultural/HPMG News ...


Dog Sense | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-conte/dog-sense_b_2940033.html


Dog Sense. By Lisa Conte "Where do you live? What apartment? ... For more by Lisa Conte, click here. For more on emotional intelligence, ...


Palin's Motherhood Responsibility | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-conte/palins-motherhood-respons_b...


Palin's Motherhood Responsibility. By Lisa Conte. I'm feeling the need to speak out on behalf of some of the "irresponsible mother" judgments being made ...


Enteric Disease impact on Global Health, Human Rights, and ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-conte/enteric-disease-impact-on_b...


Enteric Disease impact on Global Health, Human Rights, and Environmental Degradation. By Lisa Conte ... Human Rights, and Environmental Degradation.


Why a Gates Foundation Gift Was Not Enough for Haiti's ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-conte/why-a-gates-foundation-gi_b...


Letters from and to Ahvie Herskowitz, COO of Institute for OneWorld Health, and Lisa Conte, ... Why a Gates Foundation Gift Was Not Enough for Haiti's Children.


Advocacy for Autism Answers-- Understanding Ubiquitous ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-conte/advocacy-for-autism-answe_b...


Advocacy for Autism Answers-- Understanding Ubiquitous Mercury. ... Lisa Conte founder and CEO of Napo ... Advocacy for Autism Answers-- Understanding ...


BP Clean-Up: A Woman's Solution | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-conte/bp-clean-up-a-womans-solu_b...


05/27/2010 12:07 pm ET | Updated May 25, 2011 BP Clean-Up: A Woman's Solution. By Lisa Conte


Big Pharma--Innovation in Business Models to Address ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-conte/big-pharmainnovation-in-b_b...


03/28/2007 09:59 pm ET | Updated May 25, 2011 Big Pharma--Innovation in Business Models to Address Global Health Needs. By Lisa Conte


Following Brad and Angelina to Namibia, Part I | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/richard-bangs/post_1802_b_832429.html


Following Brad and Angelina to Namibia, Part I. By Richard Bangs ... Lisa Conte, CEO of Shaman Pharmaceuticals, and several other rogues and scalawags.










See Lisa Conte's Arrests | PublicRecordsOfficial.com



Ad
 ·
www.PublicRecordsOfficial.com



Search Lisa Conte's Records Free & Anonymously.





Public Records



Marriage Records



Arrest Records




Driving Records



Background Checks



Divorce Records





We Found Lisa Conte | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Lisa Conte



1) Lisa Conte's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Lisa Conte Revealed - Want Info on Lisa Conte?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Lisa Conte? Just Search A Name and State.



Searches related tolisa conte



lisa conte instagram


lisa conte san francisco


lisa conte new rochelle


lisa conte napo pharmaceuticals



lisa conte jaguar animal


lisa brown conte


lisa conti facebook


lisa conte bag




12345Next

Related Searches



lisa conte instagram


lisa conte san francisco


lisa conte new rochelle


lisa conte napo pharmaceuticals


lisa conte jaguar animal


lisa brown conte


lisa conti facebook


lisa conte bag




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















