










 













 













 













 




Cook & Bynum Funds Trust - The Cook & Bynum Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:09 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Cook & Bynum Funds Trust - The Cook & Bynum Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Cook & Bynum Funds Trust - The Cook & Bynum Fund is an open ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Cook & Bynum Capital Management, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the value stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach by focusing on factors such as review and analysis of company filings, discussions with the company’s management, visits to company facilities, and conversations with the company’s customers, competitors, and suppliers to create its portf...
Cook & Bynum Funds Trust - The Cook & Bynum Fund is an open ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Cook & Bynum Capital Management, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the value stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach by focusing on factors such as review and analysis of company filings, discussions with the company’s management, visits to company facilities, and conversations with the company’s customers, competitors, and suppliers to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index. Cook & Bynum Funds Trust - The Cook & Bynum Fund was formed on July 1, 2009 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


2830 Cahaba RoadBirmingham, AL 35223United StatesFounded in 2009



Phone: 205-994-2815

Fax: 205-332-1222

www.cookandbynum.com/fund-information/objective/







Key Executives for Cook & Bynum Funds Trust - The Cook & Bynum Fund




 Jason F. Hadler


      	Treasurer
      


Age: 42
        







Mr. David Allen Hobbs Jr.


      	Vice President
      


Age: 40
        







Mr. Richard Poellnitz Cook


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 39
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cook & Bynum Funds Trust - The Cook & Bynum Fund, please visit www.cookandbynum.com/fund-information/objective/.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Cook & Bynum Funds Trust 820 Shades Creek Pkwy Birmingham, AL Trust Companies - MapQuest







































































































    Cook & Bynum Funds Trust
  

820 Shades Creek Pkwy

Birmingham
AL
35209




 Reviews



(205) 994-2815
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help























COOK & BYNUM FUNDS TRUST - BIRMINGHAM, AL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AL



BIRMINGHAM



Trusts, Nec



Trusts, Nec



                            COOK & BYNUM FUNDS TRUST
                                    



 





















C 


COOK & BYNUM FUNDS TRUST
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2204 LKESHORE DR STE 218 BIRMINGHAM, AL 35209
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $100,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Trusts, Nec
 Contacts BENJAMIN LOWE







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Cook & Bynum Funds Trust specializes in Trusts, Nec. Cook & Bynum Funds Trust has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $100,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 



Objective | The Cook & Bynum Fund


























As of 7/27/2017 (Ticker: COBYX)
NAV: $16.64 | CHANGE: $-0.01 | YTD Return: 12.66%
Standardized Performance
 | Holdings

Home | Client Login








The Cook & Bynum Fund









+ Click to Explore Subpages
Objective
Prospectus
Reports & Filings
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Other Information
How to Invest
 





					Objective				

Cook & Bynum seeks long-term growth of capital by making concentrated investments in a select few undervalued domestic and foreign businesses. We do not artificially constrain ourselves by style boxes or other arbitrary factors. Instead, we are opportunistic. We will go anywhere we can find value across geographic regions, industry sectors, and market capitalizations. This pure value investing philosophy has been heavily influenced by the teachings of Benjamin Graham, John Burr Williams, Warren Buffett, and Charles Munger, among others.
To minimize the risk of permanent capital loss and maximize long-term returns, we make our investment selections using the following core criteria:



Circle of Competence
We only invest in businesses whose core economics and future prospects we can understand and reliably predict. We know our ability to recognize our limitations will be as important as our ability to execute competencies.




Business
We seek to invest in companies that have durable competitive advantages that allow them to produce predictable cash flows and earn high returns on equity for extended periods of time. Without sustainable competitive advantages, a company’s results will be difficult to effectively forecast.



People
We invest in companies whose management teams are capable and trustworthy, think and act like shareholders, employ conservative balance sheet and other accounting policies, and make wise capital allocation decisions. The risk of permanent capital loss can be lowered significantly if we only invest in businesses whose managers view shareholders as partners.



Price
We seek to invest in companies whose shares are trading at significant discounts to our estimate of their intrinsic values, as this “margin of safety” serves to both prevent permanent capital loss when we make mistakes and also provide outsized returns when we are correct.


We use fundamental, bottom-up research to carefully assess whether an individual company meets these core criteria. This research often includes, but is not limited to, review and analysis of company filings, discussions with management, visits to company facilities, and conversations with the company’s customers, competitors, and suppliers. When a company appropriately satisfies the first three of these criteria (Circle of Competence, Business, and People), we will value it by projecting the future cash flows expected to be generated by the business and then discounting these ‘‘owner earnings’’ into present-value dollars using an appropriate interest rate. We will only buy a company’s security only as long as it is trading at a large discount to our conservative appraisal of its intrinsic value.
Learn more about why we think our approach is different.
Learn More: Why The Arch?



 







 



Our Investment Philosophy | The Cook & Bynum Fund

























As of 7/27/2017 (Ticker: COBYX)
NAV: $16.64 | CHANGE: $-0.01 | YTD Return: 12.66%
Standardized Performance
 | Holdings

Home | Client Login








The Cook & Bynum Fund









+ Click to Explore Subpages
Our Investment Philosophy
Why the Arch?
Building Our Portfolio
Why Are We Different?
How We Think
Bookshelf
 





					Our Investment Philosophy				

Cook & Bynum seeks long-term growth of capital by making concentrated investments in a select few undervalued domestic and foreign businesses. We do not artificially constrain ourselves by style boxes or other arbitrary factors. Instead, we are opportunistic. We will go anywhere we can find value across geographic regions, industry sectors, and market capitalizations. This pure value investing philosophy has been heavily influenced by the teachings of Benjamin Graham, John Burr Williams, Warren Buffett, and Charles Munger, among others.
To minimize the risk of permanent capital loss and maximize long-term returns, we make our investment selections using the following core criteria:



Circle of Competence
We only invest in businesses whose core economics and future prospects we can understand and reliably predict. We know our ability to recognize our limitations will be as important as our ability to execute competencies.




Business
We seek to invest in companies that have durable competitive advantages that allow them to produce predictable cash flows and earn high returns on equity for extended periods of time. Without sustainable competitive advantages, a company’s results will be difficult to effectively forecast.



People
We invest in companies whose management teams are capable and trustworthy, think and act like shareholders, employ conservative balance sheet and other accounting policies, and make wise capital allocation decisions. The risk of permanent capital loss can be lowered significantly if we only invest in businesses whose managers view shareholders as partners.



Price
We seek to invest in companies whose shares are trading at significant discounts to our estimate of their intrinsic values, as this “margin of safety” serves to both prevent permanent capital loss when we make mistakes and also provide outsized returns when we are correct.


We use fundamental, bottom-up research to carefully assess whether an individual company meets these core criteria. This research often includes, but is not limited to, review and analysis of company filings, discussions with management, visits to company facilities, and conversations with the company’s customers, competitors, and suppliers. When a company appropriately satisfies the first three of these criteria (Circle of Competence, Business, and People), we will value it by projecting the future cash flows expected to be generated by the business and then discounting these ‘‘owner earnings’’ into present-value dollars using an appropriate interest rate. We will only buy a company’s security only as long as it is trading at a large discount to our conservative appraisal of its intrinsic value.
Learn more about why we think our approach is different.
Learn More: Why The Arch?



 







 



How to Invest With Us | The Cook & Bynum Fund


























As of 7/27/2017 (Ticker: COBYX)
NAV: $16.64 | CHANGE: $-0.01 | YTD Return: 12.66%
Standardized Performance
 | Holdings

Home | Client Login








The Cook & Bynum Fund









+ Click to Explore Subpages
How to Invest With Us
Invest Online
Invest by Mail
Over the Phone
Wiring Instructions
Applications & Forms
 





					How to Invest With Us				

There are two primary ways to invest in The Cook & Bynum Fund:

Open an account with us and purchase our Fund directly without commissions through our website, via mail or over the phone.
Using an existing account with a financial advisor or broker, an investor may be able to purchase our Fund through them.  The Fund is currently available through the following brokerage platforms: BB&T Securities, Cambridge Investment Research, Charles Schwab, Commonwealth, Crowell, Weedon & Co., LPL, Fidelity, Northern Trust, OptionsXpress, Pershing, Scottrade, Securities America, Southwest Securities, Sterne, Agee & Leach, TD Ameritrade, TradePMR, and Wilmington Trust

In either case an investor will receive a prospectus containing detailed information about the Fund, including all fees and charges.  This prospectus can also be viewed and downloaded via this website.  To request a prospectus, please call + 1 (877) 839-COBY to have one sent via mail.  Read the prospectus carefully before you invest.  The Fund does not have a sales charge/load or a 12b-1 fee (and only has a single class/share).
Investments must be a minimum of $5,000 for regular accounts and $1,000 for IRA accounts.
Various applications can be downloaded on the ‘Applications & Forms‘ tab of this ‘How to Invest With Us’ section.



 







 



Why the Arch? | The Cook & Bynum Fund

























As of 7/27/2017 (Ticker: COBYX)
NAV: $16.64 | CHANGE: $-0.01 | YTD Return: 12.66%
Standardized Performance
 | Holdings

Home | Client Login








The Cook & Bynum Fund









+ Click to Explore Subpages
Our Investment Philosophy
Why the Arch?
Building Our Portfolio
Why Are We Different?
How We Think
Bookshelf
 





					Why the Arch?				

As the supporting scaffolding was removed following the completion of a Roman arch, the responsible engineer was required to stand beneath it. This approach ensured that the engineer designed and built the arch with a substantial margin of safety.
At Cook & Bynum, we have applied the lessons of this highly effective quality control system in two distinct ways.  First, we only make investments in companies whose securities provide an appropriate “margin of safety” – meaning they trade at a significant discount to our appraisal of their intrinsic values.  Second, we believe it is imperative to have our interests closely and fully aligned with those of our investors. To accomplish this objective, we invest substantially all of our liquid net worth alongside our investors and are more than willing to “eat our own cooking.”  As a result, we manage our partners’ money exactly how we manage our own.
We feel it is essential to our long-term success that we have partners who share our goals, so we seek those who are focused on long-term investment results rather than short-term market fluctuations.  Having partners focusing on the latter will almost certainly compromise our long-term results.
Learn More: Building Our Portfolio



 







 



Building Our Portfolio | The Cook & Bynum Fund

























As of 7/27/2017 (Ticker: COBYX)
NAV: $16.64 | CHANGE: $-0.01 | YTD Return: 12.66%
Standardized Performance
 | Holdings

Home | Client Login








The Cook & Bynum Fund









+ Click to Explore Subpages
Our Investment Philosophy
Why the Arch?
Building Our Portfolio
Why Are We Different?
How We Think
Bookshelf
 





					Building Our Portfolio				

Establishing and Sizing Positions

We typically build concentrated positions in equity securities as we prefer to invest more capital in our best ideas, recognizing that bigger stakes can be taken when information is adequate and outcomes are more certain.  Our assessment of the attractiveness of each potential investment is informed by our deep research, shaped by our requirement of a ‘margin of safety,’ and driven by the strict application of our core criteria, among other considerations.  This approach reflects our desire to make investments only when we feel that risk is low and potential returns are high.  Consistent with our long-range investment horizon, we define risk as the probability that a business performs materially worse than we predict, leading to a permanent loss of capital rather than a temporary decrease in the quoted price of a stock.  We specifically reject the concept that price volatility is a form of risk, and instead consider it our friend – an opportunity to either buy a business cheaply or sell it dearly.  In fact, because we anticipate being a large net purchaser of companies for the foreseeable future, we welcome low and declining prices to build positions – even in positions we currently hold.  We are only concerned with the intrinsic value of the businesses in which we invest.  Stagnant or declining prices in the face of solid business performance are simply an opportunity to own a greater proportion of the future profits of a business.
 

The position size of and concentration in each of our ideas are influenced by the Kelly Criterion.  Our main takeaway from Kelly is that a position’s size should be a function of both the security’s expected return and its potential range of outcomes, such that:

Although the math cannot be done explicitly in investing, it implies two critical points when thinking about how big a position should be in a portfolio (with the first point being more obvious than the second):
(i)     the larger the expected return, the bigger the position should be, and
(ii)    the larger the possible range of outcomes, the smaller the position should be.
As absolute value investors, we are comfortable holding cash and equivalents in the absence of compelling opportunities that meet our minimum hurdle rate requirements.  It is our obligation to not put our partners’ capital in harm’s way without the prospect of an adequate return, and cash allows us to act quickly in volatile and/or falling markets.  We are staunch adherents to the belief that the avenue to superior returns is being “fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful.”  This investment strategy may not be the best way to earn high returns in any given year, but we believe it yields a portfolio that avoids the permanent capital losses endemic to short-term strategies, and earns the highest cumulative returns over a 20+ year time horizon.

Selling Positions
While our long-term approach typically produces low turnover and extended holding periods, we will generally sell a security under the following conditions:
»  We will begin to liquidate an investment when it appreciates to the point that it approaches or moves beyond our estimate of its intrinsic value.  An investment reaching our appraisal may have further upside potential, but it will no longer offer an appropriate margin of safety for putting capital at risk.
»  We will also sell any investment that has a material adverse change in business, management, or return prospects since we invested.  Negative developments by themselves do not necessarily trigger the selling of a position, but should an event lower our appraisal enough or prevent us from reliably appraising the intrinsic value of the investment, we will sell it.  Positive events may cause us to adjust our appraisal of value upwards.  We appraise our positions on an ongoing basis throughout the life of the investment.
»  Based on opportunity cost considerations, we will generally sell relatively overpriced securities to buy relatively underpriced securities as these specific opportunities arise.  This situation happens most often in times of market dislocations or disruptions.

Learn More: Why Are We Different?



 












SEC Info - Cook & Bynum Funds Trust, et al. - ‘N-1A/A’ on 6/1/09











SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Cook & Bynum Funds Trust, et al. – ‘N-1A/A’ on 6/1/09On:  Monday, 6/1/09, at 5:26pm ET   ·   Accession #:  1144204-9-30371   ·   File #s:  811-22282, 333-158133
Previous ‘N-1A’:  ‘N-1A’ on 3/20/09   ·   Next & Latest:  ‘N-1A/A’ on 6/23/09



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 6/01/09  Cook & Bynum Funds Trust          N-1A/A                16:1.8M                                   Vintage/FA
          → The Cook & Bynum Fund ⇒ COBYX
F-->Pre-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement of an Open-End Management Investment Company   —   Form N-1AFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: N-1A/A      Pre-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement   HTML    419K 
                          of an Open-End Management Investment                   
                          Company                                                
 2: EX-99.(D)(1)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML     27K 
 3: EX-99.(D)(2)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML     25K 
 4: EX-99.(E)   Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     88K 
 5: EX-99.(G)   Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML    155K 
 6: EX-99.(H)(1)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML    146K 
 7: EX-99.(H)(2)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML    149K 
 8: EX-99.(H)(3)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML     87K 
 9: EX-99.(H)(4)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML     80K 
10: EX-99.(I)   Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     21K 
11: EX-99.(J)   Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML      9K 
12: EX-99.(L)(1)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML     15K 
13: EX-99.(L)(2)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML     15K 
14: EX-99.(P)(1)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML     51K 
15: EX-99.(P)(2)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML     44K 
16: EX-99.(Q)   Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     22K 

D-->N-1A/A   —   Pre-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement of an Open-End Management Investment Company
H-->This is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->

  Unassociated Document  






 Securities
Act File No. 333-158133Investment Company Act File No.
811-22282 
 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington,
D.C. 20549
FORM
N-1A





 REGISTRATION
  STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 


 ¨ 




 Pre-Effective
  Amendment No. 1 


 x 




Post-Effective
  Amendment No.


¨



 
  
 
  



And

 
  


 
  
 
  



 REGISTRATION
  STATEMENT UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 


 ¨ 




 Amendment
  No. 1 


 x 





(Check
appropriate box or boxes.)

Cook
& Bynum Funds Trust
(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)


2204
Lakeshore Drive, Suite 218
Birmingham,
AL 35209
(Address
of Principal Executive Office)(Zip Code)

205-994-2815
(Registrant's
Telephone Number, including Area Code)

Mr.
J. Dowe Bynum

2204
Lakeshore Drive, Suite 218
Birmingham,
AL  35209
(Name and
Address of Agent for Service)

With
copies to:

David
J. Baum, Esq.
Alston
& Bird LLP
950
F Street, N.W.
Washington,
DC 20004
 
Approximate
Date of Proposed Public Offering:  As soon as practicable following
effective date.

It is
proposed that this filing will become effective (check appropriate
box)

¨ immediately
upon filing pursuant to paragraph (b)
¨ on (date)
pursuant to paragraph (b)
¨ 60 days after
filing pursuant to paragraph (a)(1)
¨ on (date)
pursuant to paragraph (a)(1)
¨ 75 days after
filing pursuant to paragraph (a)(2)
¨ on (date)
pursuant to paragraph (a)(2) of rule 485.

If
appropriate, check the following box:
 
¨ this post-effective amendment
designates a new effective date for a previously filed post-effective
amendment.
 
Pursuant
to the provisions of Rule  24f-2 under the Investment Company Act of
1940, Registrant declares that an indefinite number of its shares of beneficial
interest are being registered under the Securities Act of 1933 by this
Registration Statement.
 
THE
REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933 ON SUCH DATE OR DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL
THE REGISTRANT SHALL FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT
THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH
SECTION 8(A) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
SHALL BECAME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SAID
SECTION 8(A), MAY DETERMINE.


 



 






 



The
information in this Prospectus is not complete and may be
changed.  These securities may not be sold until the registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is
effective.  The Prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities
and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the
offer or sale is not permitted.

 Subject
to Completion, Dated June 1, 2009 

 June
[          ],
2009 



PROSPECTUS

THE COOK
& BYNUM FUND
(the
"Fund")

A SERIES
OF COOK & BYNUM FUNDS TRUST
(the
"Trust")

Lakeshore
Park Plaza
2204
Lakeshore Drive
Suite
218
Birmingham,
AL 35209
205-994-2815



 
As with
all mutual funds, the Securities and Exchange Commission has not approved or
disapproved these securities or passed on the accuracy or adequacy of this
prospectus.  Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
offense.
 



 



 






 



TABLE
OF CONTENTS
 






 WHAT
  IS THE FUND'S INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE? 


 1 




 WHAT
  ARE THE FUND'S PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES? 


 1 




 WHAT
  ARE THE PRINCIPAL RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND? 


 3 




 HOW
  HAS THE FUND PERFORMED IN THE PAST? 


 6 




 WHAT
  ARE THE FUND'S FEES AND EXPENSES? 


 6 




 AN
  EXAMPLE OF EXPENSES OVER TIME 


 7 




 THE
  FUND'S INVESTMENT ADVISER 


 7 




 The
  Adviser 


 7 




 The
  Portfolio Managers 


 7 




 HOW
  TO BUY AND SELL SHARES OF THE FUND 


 9 




 INVESTING
  IN THE FUND 


 9 




 Determining
  Share Prices 


 9 




 Minimum
  Investment Amounts 


 10 




 Opening
  and Adding To Your Account 


 10 




 Purchasing
  Shares By Mail 


 11 




 Purchasing
  Shares by Wire Transfer 


 11 




 Purchases
  Through Financial Service Organizations 


 12 




 Purchasing
  Shares by Automatic Investment Plan 


 13 




 Purchasing
  Shares by Telephone 


 13 




 Miscellaneous
  Purchase Information 


 13 




 Policies
  Regarding Frequent Trading of Fund Shares 


 14 




 HOW
  TO SELL (REDEEM) YOUR SHARES 


 16 




 By
  Mail 


 16 




 Medallion
  Signature Guarantees 


 17 




 By
  Telephone 


 17 








 



-i-





 










 By
  Wire 


 18 




 Redemption
  At The Option Of The Fund 


 18 




 Redemption
  Fee 


 18 




 Redemptions
  in Kind 


 19 




 DIVIDENDS
  AND DISTRIBUTIONS 


 19 




 TAX
  CONSIDERATIONS 


 19 




 GENERAL
  INFORMATION 


 20 




 FOR
  MORE INFORMATION 


 21 







 


 



-ii-





 



THE
COOK & BYNUM FUND
(the
“Fund”)

WHAT
IS THE FUND'S INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE?

The
Fund's investment objective is long-term growth of capital.
1

WHAT
ARE THE FUND'S PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES?
 Cook
& Bynum Capital Management, LLC (the “Adviser”) attempts, under normal
circumstances, to achieve the Fund’s investment objective by acquiring
underpriced equity securities of U.S. and non-U.S. companies and holding them
until they reach, in the Adviser’s opinion, full value.  In pursuing
this strategy, the Adviser focuses upon equity securities, including common
stocks, depository receipts, partnership interests, business trust shares,
securities convertible into equity, and rights and warrants to subscribe for the
purchase of such equity securities, without regard to market capitalization or
other categorizations.  The Adviser can invest up to 100% of the
Fund’s assets using this strategy (after accounting for cash
needs).  However, it is not always possible to find enough undervalued
equity securities to fill a portfolio, and the Adviser believes that it is
unwise to buy when it cannot find bargains relative to all other available
investment options.  Accordingly, in instances where the Adviser is
unable to source sufficient equity opportunities for the Fund, it seeks to
supplement the equity portion of the Fund’s portfolio with investments in
“special situations,” “foreign debt” and “cash positions,” as described in more
detail below. The Fund is a non-diversified mutual fund, but intends to adhere
to the minimum diversification requirements required of a regulated investment
company under Section 851 of the Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”).
.. 

 In
pursuing its objective, the Fund uses a value investment philosophy in selecting
equity securities.  This investment philosophy is based upon the
belief that, over time, an undervalued company’s stock price will converge with
its true intrinsic value.  The Adviser defines intrinsic value as the
actual value of a company based on an underlying
perception of its true value including all facets of the business, both
tangible and intangible.  The Fund uses fundamental analysis to assess
the intrinsic value of a targeted enterprise.  This analysis
attempts to identify and quantify certain desirable characteristics of a
company.  Such characteristics include proven management,
well-reasoned capital allocation policies, a conservative balance sheet and
accounting, sustainable competitive advantage, potential for long-term growth,
low market price in comparison to tangible asset values, significant free cash
flow and intelligent investment of excess cash.  The Adviser defines
free cash flow as the cash a company would produce annually from operations
after all cash expenditures necessary to maintain the business in its current
status.  The Adviser sells securities based on a simple opportunity
cost analysis.  If the Adviser believes that the price of a security
has gotten so high relative to the Adviser’s appraised value of the security
that a margin of safety no longer exists and that the Fund would be better
served by holding cash or an alternate security, the subject portfolio security
will be sold.  Similarly, the Adviser will sell relatively overpriced
to value securities to buy relatively underpriced to value
securities.  The third selling criterion is if a material adverse
change occurs in the business or economics of a security such that either the
Adviser cannot value it or its valuation is lowered below the opportunity cost
for other investments.  In such cases, the security will generally be
sold.  The Adviser makes every effort to hold onto securities until
they reach the Adviser’s appraised value and, in the Adviser’s opinion, no
longer represent sound bargains. 
 ______________________________ 
 1 The
Board of Trustees reserves the right to change the investment objective of the
Fund, in its sole discretion, upon sixty (60) days prior notice to current
shareholders. 


 



 






 



 As
noted above, in order to supplement the equity portion of the Fund’s portfolio
during periods of limited opportunity or unfavorable valuation in this type of
security, the Adviser may also make investments in “special situations,”
“foreign debt” and “cash positions.”  Since the Fund’s goal is long
term growth, the Adviser contemplates a wide range of investment options for the
Fund within these categories so long as such opportunity meets the overarching
requirement of: (1) protecting capital; and (2) providing the maximum growth
potential at the lowest possible risk.  A potential investment should
offer a high probability of an acceptable rate of return over time with low
business risk (or credit risk, business risk and market risk for a
bond). 

 Special
Situations.  The Fund also intends to invest in special
situations from time to time to achieve its investment objective.  A
special situation arises when, in the opinion of the Adviser, the securities of
a particular company are expected to appreciate within a reasonable time due to
developments particularly or uniquely applicable to that company regardless of
general business conditions or movements of the market as a
whole.  Developments creating special situations include the
following: liquidations or reorganizations, including those involving companies
in or facing bankruptcy, recapitalizations or mergers, material litigation,
management changes and technological developments.  Investments in
special situations may be either equity securities or fixed-income securities,
such as corporate debt, which may be in distress as a result of economic or
company specific developments.  Special situation investments may
include high yield fixed-income securities or “junk bonds” (i.e., securities
that are rated below investment grade by Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) or by
another nationally recognized statistical rating organization (“NRSRO”) or
similar unrated securities).  The Fund can invest up to 35% of its
assets in special situation investments, including junk bonds. 

 Foreign Debt.  The
Fund may invest in fixed-income securities of non-U.S. issuers,
including  corporate debt securities of non-U.S. companies and
short-term debt obligations of foreign governments and other foreign
money-market instruments.  Short-term debt obligations of foreign
governments will generally have a maturity of six months or less and a credit
rating of “A” or better by S&P or a similar rating by another
NRSRO.  Other debt securities of non-U.S. companies, including junk
bonds, may be purchased without regard to NRSRO ratings and would generally fall
under the category of “special situations.”  Generally, the Adviser
will chose to invest in foreign debt securities because the Adviser believes
that a security is mispriced and represents a capital gain
opportunity.  The Adviser does not generally invest in such securities
for their income potential. 

 Foreign
Securities.  Equity and debt securities of non-U.S. issuers are
referred to as “foreign securities.”  The Fund may invest up to 100%
of its assets in foreign securities and up to 50% of its assets in foreign
securities from emerging markets and up to 50% of its assets in foreign
debt. 

 Cash
Positions.  There may be periods when both equity and debt
securities are overpriced or the where the Adviser may not be able to find
enough securities to satisfy the IRC diversification requirements.  At
such time, investing in cash and cash alternatives (including U.S. Treasuries)
is the default option for the Fund.  The Fund may invest up to 100% of
its assets in this strategy.  When the Fund holds a significant
portion of its assets in cash and cash alternatives, it may not meet its
investment objective. 

 In the
absence of compelling long-term equity or debt investments, the Fund seeks to be
opportunistic when the market presents attractive risk/reward scenarios,
especially when both equity and debt securities are overpriced.  To
avoid running afoul of the IRC diversification requirements as a result of a
lack of available debt and equity opportunities, and to preserve capital and
minimize losses, the Adviser will select cash alternatives as a preferred means
of investment until such time as compelling long-term investments become
available.  When making portfolio allocation decisions, the Adviser
compares its most attractive stock ideas against the cash alternatives, and will
hold cash and cash equivalents in the absence of other attractive
positions.  These include U.S. Government securities, money-market
funds, repurchase agreements and other high quality money market instruments The
Fund seeks to maintain a certain level of liquidity in its portfolio to meet
operating requirements and take advantage of new investment
opportunities.  In an adverse market climate, cash and cash reserves
may comprise a significant percentage of the Fund’s
portfolio. 


 



2





 



 The
Fund may also use other non-principal investment strategies, which are described
in the Fund’s Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”). 

WHAT ARE THE PRINCIPAL RISKS OF
INVESTING IN THE FUND?

General
Risks.  There is no assurance
that the Fund will meet its investment objective; investors may lose money by
investing in the Fund.  As with all mutual funds, an investment in the
Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
or any other government agency. When you sell your Fund shares, they may
be worth less than what you paid for them because the value of the Fund’s
investments will fluctuate reflecting day-to-day changes in market conditions,
interest rates and numerous other factors.

Market Risk. Prices of equity securities generally fluctuate more
than those of other securities, such as debt securities.  Market risk,
the risk that prices of securities will decrease because of the interplay of
market forces, may affect a single issuer, industry or sector of the economy or
may affect the market as a whole.  The Fund may experience a
substantial or complete loss on an individual stock.

 Value Style
Risk.  Over time, a value investing style may go in and out
of favor, causing the Fund to sometime underperform other
equity funds that use different investing styles. The value approach
to investing involves the risk that value stocks may remain
undervalued.  Value stocks as a group may underperform the overall
equity market for a long period of time, while the market concentrates on
"growth" stocks. 
 
 Non-Diversified Portfolio
Risk.  The Fund is
“non-diversified,” meaning that it invests its assets in a smaller number of
companies than many other funds.  As a result, your investment in the
Fund has the risk that changes in the value of a single security may have a
significant effect on the Fund’s net asset value (NAV).  Lack of broad
diversification also may cause the Fund to be more susceptible to economic,
political or regulatory events than a diversified fund. 

Special Situations
Risk.  Investments in companies involved in special situations,
such as reorganizations or restructurings, may involve greater risks when
compared to the Fund’s other strategies due to a variety of
factors.  A reorganization or other
restructuring pending at the time the Fund invests in a security may not be
completed on the terms or within the time frame contemplated, resulting in
losses to the Fund.  Reorganizations and restructurings that result
from actual or potential bankruptcies carry additional risk and the securities
of such companies involved in these types of activities are generally more
likely to lose value than the securities of more financially stable
companies.  Additionally, investments in securities of companies being
restructured involve special risks, including difficulty in obtaining
information as to the financial condition of such issuers, the possibility that
the issuer’s management may be addressing a type of situation with which it has
little experience, and the fact that the market prices of such securities are
subject to above-average price volatility.  Furthermore,
failure to anticipate changes in the circumstances affecting these types of
investments may result in permanent loss of capital, where the Fund may be
unable to recoup some or all of its investment.


 



3





 



Foreign Securities
Risk.  The Fund has the ability to invest in foreign
securities, and, from time to time, a significant percentage of the Fund’s
assets may be composed of foreign investments. Securities of foreign issuers, foreign currencies, and
securities issued by U.S. entities with substantial foreign operations may
involve significant additional risk.  These risks can include
political and economic instability, foreign taxation, different or lower
standards in accounting, auditing and financial reporting, less-developed
securities regulation and trading systems, fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates, and the risk that a country may impose controls on the exchange
or repatriation of foreign currency, any of which could negatively affect the
Fund.  Many of these risks are greater when investing in countries
with developing economies and securities markets, also known as “emerging
markets.” Moreover, securities of many foreign issuers may be less liquid and
their prices more volatile than those of comparable domestic
issuers.

 Currency Risk.  The
Fund is subject to currency risk because fluctuations in the exchange rates
between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may negatively affect the value
of the Fund’s investments in foreign securities.  An increase in the strength of the U.S. dollar relative
to a foreign currency will generally cause the U.S. dollar value of an
investment denominated in that currency to decline.  Currency risk may
be hedged or unhedged, however, currency
hedging is not a principal investment strategy of the Fund.  Unhedged currency exposure may result in
gains or losses as a result of the change in the relationship between the U.S.
dollar and the respective foreign currency. 

 Interest Rate Risk. Interest
rates have an effect on the value of the Fund’s fixed income investments because
the value of those investments will vary as interest rates fluctuate. Generally,
fixed income securities will decrease in value when interest rates rise and when
interest rates decline, the value of fixed income securities can be expected to
rise. The longer the effective maturity of the Fund’s securities, the more
sensitive the Funds will be to interest rate changes. (As a general rule, a 1%
rise in interest rates means a 1% fall in value for every year of duration).
Duration is a measure of the average life of a fixed-income security that was
developed as a more precise alternative to the concepts of “term to maturity” or
“average dollar weighted maturity” as measures of “volatility” or “risk”
associated with changes in interest rates. 

 Credit Risk.  The
Fund’s fixed income investments are subject to credit risk.  The value
of a debt instrument depends, in part, on the issuer’s or borrower's credit
quality or ability to pay principal and interest when due. The value of a debt
instrument is likely to fall if an issuer or borrower defaults on its obligation
to pay principal or interest or if the instrument's credit rating is downgraded
by a credit rating agency. The value of a debt instrument can also decline in
response to changes in the financial condition of the issuer or borrower,
changes in specific market, economic, industry, political, and regulatory
conditions that affect a particular type of instrument, issuer, or borrower, and
changes in general market, economic, political, and regulatory conditions.
Certain unanticipated events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war,
and other geopolitical events can have a dramatic adverse effect on the value of
a debt instrument. For certain types of instruments the value of the instrument
depends in part on the credit quality of the counterparty to the transaction.
For other types of debt instruments, including collateralized instruments, the
price of the debt instrument also depends on the credit quality and adequacy of
the underlying assets or collateral. Enforcing rights against the underlying
assets or collateral may be difficult, or the underlying assets or collateral
may be insufficient, if the issuer defaults. Lower quality debt instruments and
certain unrated debt instruments can involve a substantially greater risk of
default or can already be in default, and their values can decline significantly
over short periods of time. Lower quality debt instruments are regarded as
having predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to capacity to pay
interest and principal. Lower quality debt instruments tend to be more sensitive
to adverse news about the issuer, or the market or economy in general, than
higher quality debt instruments. The market for lower quality debt instruments
and certain unrated debt instruments can be less liquid, especially during
periods of recession or general market decline.  The Fund does not
rely on third party credit ratings to select its
investments. 


 



4





 



Small to Medium Capitalization
Risk.  The Fund has the ability to invest in securities of
companies with small to medium market capitalizations.  Such companies
may be engaged in business within a narrow geographic region, be less well known
to the investment community and have more volatile share
prices.  Also, companies with smaller market capitalizations often
lack management depth, have narrower market penetrations, less diverse product
lines and fewer resources than larger companies.  Moreover, the
securities of such companies often have less market liquidity and as a result,
their stock prices often react more strongly to changes in the
marketplace.

 Micro-Cap Company Risk.
Micro-cap stocks involve substantially greater risks of loss and price
fluctuations because their earnings and revenues tend to be less predictable
(and some companies may be experiencing significant losses), and their share
prices tend to be more volatile and their markets less liquid than companies
with larger market capitalizations. Micro-cap companies may be newly formed or
in the early stages of development, with limited product lines, markets or
financial resources and may lack management depth. In addition, there may be
less public information available about these companies. The shares of micro-cap
companies tend to trade less frequently than those of larger, more established
companies, which can adversely affect the pricing of these securities and the
future ability to sell these securities. Also, it may take a long time before
the Fund realizes a gain, if any, on an investment in a micro-cap
company. 

 High Yield or “Junk” Securities
Risk.  Investments in fixed-income securities that are rated
below investment grade by one or more NRSROs (“high yield securities” also known
as “junk securities”) may be subject to greater risk of loss of principal and
interest than investments in higher-rated fixed-income
securities.  High yield securities are also generally considered to be
subject to greater market risk than higher-rated securities.  The
capacity of issuers of high yield securities to pay interest and repay principal
is more likely to weaken than is that of issuers of higher-rated securities in
times of deteriorating economic conditions or rising interest
rates.  In addition, high yield securities may be more susceptible to
real or perceived adverse economic conditions than higher-rated
securities.  The market for high yield securities may be less liquid
than the market for higher-rated securities.  This can adversely
affect the Fund’s ability to buy or sell optimal quantities of high yield
securities at desired prices. 

 Management
Risk.   Acting as investment adviser to the Fund, or any
registered mutual fund, is a new position for the Adviser, and the Fund has no
operating history.  Performance of
individual securities can vary widely.  The investment decisions of
the Adviser may cause the Fund to underperform benchmark indices.  The
Fund may also underperform other mutual funds with similar investment
strategies.  The Adviser may be incorrect in an assessment of a
particular industry or company, or the investment adviser may not buy chosen
securities at the lowest possible prices or sell securities at the highest
possible prices.  As with any mutual fund investment, there can be no
guarantee that the Fund will achieve its investment
goals. 


 



5





 



 New Fund Risk.  The
Fund is newly formed and therefore has no performance history for investors to
evaluate.  In addition, certain types of transactions may have a
disproportionate impact on the Fund’s performance due to the Fund’s small
size.  The Fund may also not grow to an economically viable size and
thus may be liquidated at a time that is not beneficial for all of its
shareholders 

 Further
discussion about other non-principal risks of investing in the Fund may be found
in the Fund’s SAI. 

HOW
HAS THE FUND PERFORMED IN THE PAST?

 Because
this is a new Fund that does not yet have an operating history, a performance
bar chart and table describing the Fund's annual performance and comparing that
performance to appropriate indices is not yet available.  Performance
information will be included in the Fund's first semi-annual and annual reports,
which will be sent to you without charge at your request.  Simply
contact the Fund at 1-877-839-COBY. 

WHAT
ARE THE FUND'S FEES AND EXPENSES?

The
following table describes the fees and expenses you may pay if you buy and hold
shares of the Fund.






 Shareholder
  Fees 




 (Fees
  paid directly from your investment)1 



  
  
  
  



 Maximum
  Sales Charge (Load) 

  
  



   Imposed
  on Purchases 


 NONE 




 Maximum
  Deferred Sales 


 NONE 




 Charge
  (Load) 

  
  



 Redemption
  Fee  (as a percentage of the total amount) 2 


 2.00% 





 







 Annual
  Fund Operating Expenses: 




 (Expenses
  that are deducted from Fund assets expressed as a percentage of net
  assets) 



  
  
  
  



 Management
  Fee 


 1.50% 




 Distribution
  and/or Shareholder Servicing (12b-1) Fees 


 0.00% 




 Acquired
  Fund Fees and Expenses 


 0.02% 




 Other
  Expenses 3 


 2.12% 




 Total
  Annual Fund Operating Expenses 


 3.64% 




 Expense
  Reimbursement4 


 -1.76% 




 Total
  Fund Operating Expenses 


 1.88% 







 






 1. 


 Please
  note that your financial institution may charge a fee to wire
  funds. 








2.


The
  Fund will impose a 2.00% redemption fee on Shares redeemed within 60 days
  of the date of purchase.  See “Redemption Fee”
  below.






 



6





 







 3. 


 Because
  the Fund is a new fund, “Other Expenses” are based on estimated amounts
  for the current fiscal year, but include expense amounts that would have
  been incurred absent fee waiver
  arrnagements. 








 4. 


 Cook
  & Bynum Capital Management, LLC, the Fund’s
  adviser, has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse the
  Fund’s expenses to the extent that Total Fund Operating Expenses exceed
  1.88%. This
  agreement is in effect through February 1, 2011 and thereafter is
  reevaluated on an annual basis. The expense reimbursement arrangement
  relates to aggregate expenses of every character incurred by the Fund,
  including but not limited to organizational expenses and investment
  management fees but excluding interest, taxes, brokerage commissions and
  other extraordinary expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of the
  Fund's business. Without this agreement expenses for shares of the Fund
  would be higher. The Adviser may be permitted to recover expenses it has
  borne through the agreement described above to the extent that the Fund’s
  expenses in later periods fall below the annual rate set forth in the
  agreement. The Fund will not be obligated to pay any such deferred fees
  and expenses more than three years after the end of the fiscal year in
  which the fee and expense was
  deferred. 




 
AN EXAMPLE OF EXPENSES OVER
TIME
 
The
Example below is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund
with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.
 
The
Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods
indicated, reinvest all dividends and distributions, and then redeem all your
shares at the end of those periods.  The Example also assumes that
your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund's operating expenses
remain the same.  Although your actual costs may be higher or lower,
based on these assumptions your costs would be:






 One
  Year 


 Three
  Years 




 $191 


 $951 






THE
FUND'S INVESTMENT ADVISER
 
The
Adviser
 
Cook
& Bynum Capital Management, LLC (the “Adviser”), Lakeshore Park Plaza, 2204
Lakeshore Drive, Suite 218, Birmingham, AL 35209 serves as investment adviser to
the Fund.  The Adviser is a Delaware limited liability company and is
registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment
adviser.

 The
Adviser's principal business and occupation is to provide financial management
and advisory services to individuals, corporations, and other institutions,
including hedge funds, throughout the United States.  The Adviser has
been investment adviser to the Fund since its inception.  The Adviser
manages the investment portfolio and business affairs of the Fund under an
Investment Advisory Agreement with the Fund. 

 For
its investment advisory services to the Fund, the Fund pays to the Adviser, on
the last day of each month, an annualized fee equal to 1.50% of the average net
assets of the Fund, such fee to be computed daily based upon the daily average
net assets of the Fund. 

 The
Investment Management Agreement (the “Agreement”) was unanimously approved by
the Trust’s Board of Trustees (the “Board”) at its initial meeting held on
May 19, 2009 (the “Board Meeting”) and unanimously approved by the Fund’s
shareholders on May 26, 2009.  At the Board Meeting, the Trustees
considered a number of factors that they determined were material to the
approval of the Agreement.  The principal areas of review by the
Trustees were the nature and quality of the services provided by the Adviser and
the reasonableness of the fees charged for those services.  A more
complete discussion of the approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement will be
in the Fund’s first Annual Report which is expected to cover the period ended
September 30, 2009 when published. 

The
Portfolio Managers

The
following individuals serve as portfolio managers for the Fund and are primarily
responsible for the day-to-day management of the Fund’s
portfolio:


 



7





 



Richard
P. Cook
Mr.
Richard P. Cook is a Principal of the Adviser and acts as a portfolio manager
for the Fund.  Mr. Cook is also President of Cook & Bynum Funds
Trust (the “Trust”).  Mr. Cook has been a Principal and Portfolio
Manager of the Adviser since the Adviser’s inception in 2006.  Before
forming the Adviser, Mr. Cook managed individual accounts at BDR Jennings LLC,
in Birmingham, Alabama, which also served as sub-advisor to private investment
funds Gullane Capital Partners LLC and Gullane Capital Partners Encore LLC from
August 2001 to December 2006.  Previously, Mr. Cook worked for Tudor
Investment Corporation in Greenwich, Connecticut.  Mr. Cook attended
Hampden-Sydney College where he graduated with a B.S. in Economics and
Mathematics Summa Cum
Laude and was a member of Phi Beta Kappa.  Mr. Cook has
approximately 10 years of investment management experience.

J.
Dowe Bynum
Mr. J.
Dowe Bynum is a Principal of the Adviser and acts as a portfolio manager for the
Fund.  Mr. Bynum is also Vice-President and Secretary of the
Trust.  Mr. Bynum has been a Principal and portfolio manager of the
Adviser since the Adviser’s inception in 2006.  Before forming the
Adviser, Mr. Bynum also managed individual accounts at BDR Jennings LLC, in
Birmingham, Alabama, which also served as sub-advisor to private investment
funds Gullane Capital Partners LLC and Gullane Capital Partners Encore LLC from
August 2001 to December 2006.    Prior to the formation of
BDR Jennings LLC, Mr. Bynum worked as an analyst in the Equities Division of
Goldman, Sachs & Co., Inc. in New York, New York.  Mr. Bynum
attended Princeton University and graduated with a B.S.E. in Operations Research
& Financial Engineering and a Certificate in Finance.  Mr. Bynum
has approximately 9 years of investment management experience.

 Mr.
Cook and Mr. Bynum have been portfolio managers of the Fund since the Fund’s
inception. 

The Trust
does not directly compensate any personnel of the Adviser, including members of
the portfolio management team.  The Fund’s SAI provides additional
information about the compensation of the members of the portfolio management
team, as well as (i) other accounts managed by the portfolio management team and
(ii) ownership of the Fund’s securities by members of the portfolio management
team.

Conflicts
of Interest

 In
addition to serving as the investment adviser to the Fund, the Adviser acts as
the investment adviser to other pooled investment vehicles, such as hedge
funds.  Although it is the policy of the Adviser to treat all clients
fairly and equitably, and the Adviser has adopted policies and procedures
designed to help prevent any particular client from being disadvantaged by the
activities of other clients, there may be inherent conflicts of interest that
may, from time to time, affect the Fund.  The Board reviews potential
conflicts to try to ensure that the Fund is not disadvantaged.  In
addition, the Codes of Ethics of the Adviser and the Fund contain additional
provisions designed to minimize any conflict of interest among the Fund and
other clients of the Adviser.  In the context of limited investment
opportunities available to the Fund and other pooled investment vehicles,
including hedge funds, managed by the Adviser, the Adviser allocates investment
opportunities objectively by using a pro rata allocation among each of its
investment vehicle clients.  There is no guarantee, however, that the
policies and procedures adopted by the Adviser and the efforts by the Board will
be able to detect and/or prevent every situation in which an actual or potential
conflict of interest may appear. 


 



8





 



The other
pooled investment vehicles managed by the Adviser may pursue strategies not
available to the Fund and may invest in securities in which the Fund does not
participate as a consequence of their size, investment powers or founding
documents.  Additionally, the Fund, as an investment company
registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”)
is subject to the requirements and restrictions of the Act and the rules
thereunder and, therefore, may not be able to pursue the same strategies or
invest in the same securities as the unregistered investment vehicles, such as
hedge funds, that the Adviser manages.  In some circumstances, the
Fund may pursue strategies or purchase investments that are not purchased for
other accounts of the Adviser.  As a result of pursuing different
strategies and objectives, the performance of these accounts may be materially
better or worse than that of the Fund.


HOW
TO BUY AND SELL SHARES OF THE FUND

INVESTING
IN THE FUND

Determining
Share Prices

 Shares
of the Fund are offered at each share’s net asset value (“NAV”).  The
per share NAV is calculated by (1) adding the value of Fund investments, cash
and other assets, (2) subtracting Fund liabilities, and then (3) dividing the
result by the number of shares outstanding.  The Fund’s per share NAV
is computed on all days on which the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) is open
for business and is based on closing value of the Fund’s portfolio securities as
of the close of regular trading hours on the NYSE, currently 4:00 p.m., Eastern
Standard Time (“EST”).  NAV is calculated as soon as practicable
following the close of regular trading on the NYSE.  In the event that
the NYSE closes early, NAV will be determined based on the prices of the Fund’s
portfolio securities at the time the NYSE closes. The NYSE is closed for the
following scheduled holidays: New Year's Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day,
Washington's Birthday/Presidents' Day, Good Friday, Memorial Day, Independence
Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas. 

 The
Fund generally determines the total value of its shares by using closing market
prices for the securities comprising its portfolio.  Securities for
which quotations are not available or are deemed unreliable and any other assets
are valued at fair market value as determined in good faith by the Adviser
pursuant to the Fund’s fair value pricing procedures, subject to the review and
supervision of the Board.  The Adviser may use fair value pricing
under circumstances that include, but are not limited to, the early closing of
the exchange on which a security is traded, suspension of trading in the
security, or the release of significant news after the close of regular trading
on the NYSE.  In addition, the Fund may use fair value pricing for
securities traded in non-U.S. markets because, among other factors, foreign
markets may be closed on days or times when U.S. markets are
open.  When the Fund holds securities traded in foreign markets that
close prior to U.S. markets, significant events, including company specific
developments or broad market moves, may affect the value of foreign securities
held by the Fund.  This is because the Fund calculates its NAV based
on closing prices of the portfolio’s securities as of the close of trading on
the NYSE, which gives rise to the possibility that events may have occurred in
the interim that would affect the value of these securities and thus, as with
U.S. securities, would need to be valued by the Adviser using the fair value
pricing procedures.  Consequently, the Fund’s NAV may be affected
during a period when shareholders are unable to purchase or redeem their shares
in the Fund.  It is intended that the use of the Fund’s fair value
pricing procedures will result in adjustments to closing market prices of
foreign securities that reflect what is believed to be the fair value of those
securities at the time the Fund calculates its NAV.  While fair value
pricing may be more commonly used with foreign equity securities, it may also be
used with thinly-traded domestic securities, fixed income securities or other
assets held by the Fund. 


 



9





 



 With
respect to any portion of the Fund’s assets that are invested in one or
more open-end management investment companies that are registered under the 1940
Act, the Fund’s net asset value is calculated based upon the net asset values of
the registered open-end management investment companies in which the Fund
invests, and the prospectuses for these companies explain the circumstances
under which those companies will use fair value pricing and the effects of using
fair value pricing. 

Fair
value pricing involves subjective judgments and it is possible that the fair
value determined for a security is materially different than the value that
could be realized upon the sale of that security.

Minimum
Investment Amounts

 Payments
for Fund shares should be in U.S. dollars and should be drawn on a U.S.
bank.  Any payment made in either currency other than U.S. dollars or
drawn on a non-U.S. bank will not be accepted.  Fund management may
reject any purchase order for Fund shares and may waive the minimum investment
amounts in its sole discretion. 

Your
purchase of Fund shares is subject to the following minimum investment
amounts:

Minimum
Investment Amounts






Type
  of Account


Minimum
  Investment
To
  Open Account


Minimum
  Subsequent
Investments




Regular
IRAs


$5,000
$1,000


$1,000
$100







Automatic
Investment Plan Members
 





Type
  of Account


Minimum
  Investment
To
  Open Account


Minimum
  Subsequent
Investments




Regular
IRAs


$5,000
$1,000


$100
  per month minimum
$100
  per month minimum






 
Opening
and Adding To Your Account

 You
can invest in the Fund by mail, wire transfer and through participating
financial service professionals.  After you have established your
account and made your first purchase, you may also make subsequent purchases by
telephone.  You may also invest in the Fund through an automatic
payment plan.  Any questions you may have can be answered by calling
toll-free at 1-877-839-COBY. 

To help
the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities,
Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record
information that identifies each person who opens an account.


 



10





 



 As
requested on the account application (the “Application”), you must supply your
full name, date of birth, social security number or taxpayer identification
number and permanent street address.  Mailing addresses containing
only a P.O. Box can be accepted, however, an address of residence will also be
required.  If you need additional assistance when completing your
Application, please call 1-877-839-COBY and a representative from The Cook &
Bynum Fund will help you. 

The Fund
may accept or reject an account without explanation.  If the Fund has
questions about a customer’s identity, it may disallow transactions for the
account until confirming information is received.  Furthermore, the
Fund reserves the right to close such an account within five business days if
requested information/documentation is not received.

Purchasing
Shares By Mail

To make
your initial investment in the Fund, complete the Application included with this
Prospectus, make a check payable to The Cook & Bynum Fund, and mail the
completed Application and check to:

First
Class Mail:
The Cook
& Bynum Fund
 P.O.
Box 13215 
 Denver,
CO 80201 

Overnight
Mail:
The Cook
& Bynum Fund
 c/o
ALPS Fund Services 
 1290
Broadway, Suite 1100 
 Denver,
CO 80203 

The Fund
does not consider the U.S. Postal Service or other independent delivery services
to be its agents and takes no responsibility for their actions.  To
make subsequent purchases, simply make a check payable to The Cook & Bynum
Fund and mail the check to the above-mentioned address.  Be sure to
note your Fund account number on the check.

 Your
purchase order, if accompanied by payment, will be processed upon receipt by
ALPS Fund Services, Inc., the Fund's Transfer Agent.  If the Transfer
Agent, as agent of the Fund for purposes of the receipt of such orders, receives
your order and payment by the close of regular trading on the NYSE (currently
4:00 p.m. EST), the Fund will have been deemed to have received your order that
day and your shares will be purchased at the Fund’s NAV calculated at the close
of regular trading on that day.  Otherwise, your shares will be
purchased at the NAV determined as of the close of regular trading on the next
business day. 

Purchasing
Shares by Wire Transfer

 Before
you wire funds for an initial investment, the Transfer Agent must have a
completed Application.  You may send an Application to the Transfer
Agent by mail or overnight delivery service.  If you plan to wire
funds on the same day you open your account, the Fund will accept a fax copy of
the Application; however, the Transfer Agent will still require the original
Application.  A redemption restriction will be placed on the account
until the original application is received.  Upon receipt of your
completed Application, the Transfer Agent will establish an account for you and
assign an account number.  So that your monies may be correctly
applied to your account, your bank’s wire instructions must read as follows and
must contain the name of the Fund, the name of the shareholder account and the
account number assigned by the Transfer Agent.  Your bank should
transmit funds by wire to: 


 



11





 



 State
Street Bank & Trust Co., ABA # 011000028 
 Credit:
The Cook & Bynum Fund, Acct. #: 0065441 
Further
Credit: The Cook & Bynum Fund,
Acct #
[Your name and Account number]

 Prior
to sending subsequent investments, please contact a Cook & Bynum Fund
representative at 1-877-839-COBY so that the Fund knows to expect your wire
transfer.  This will ensure prompt and accurate credit upon receipt of
your wire. 

 Wired
funds must be received prior to 4:00 p.m., EST, to be eligible for same day
pricing.  The Fund and the Transfer Agent are not responsible for the
consequences of delays resulting from the banking or Federal Reserve wire
system, or from incomplete wiring instructions. 

Please
note that your financial institution may charge a fee to wire
funds.

Purchases
Through Financial Service Organizations

 Certain
financial organizations such as broker-dealers, banks and service providers have
made arrangements with the Fund so that an investor may purchase or redeem
shares through such organizations.  The Fund has authorized one or
more brokers to receive on its behalf purchase and redemption
orders.  Such brokers are authorized to designate other intermediaries
to receive purchase and redemption orders on the Fund’s behalf. The Fund will be
deemed to have received purchase or redemption instructions when a financial
organization, of the financial organization’s authorized designee, receives the
order instructions, provided that the instructions are in “Proper Form” as
defined in this Prospectus and have been transmitted in a timely
manner.  Client orders received by the financial services
organization, of its authorized designee, prior to the close of the NYSE
(currently 4:00 p.m., EST), will be priced at the Fund’s NAV next computed
following the close of regular trading on that day.  If you are a
client of a securities broker or other financial organization, such
organizations may charge a separate transaction fee or a fee for administrative
services in connection with investments in Fund shares and may impose different
account minimums and other requirements.  These fees and requirements
would be in addition to those imposed by the Fund.  If you are
investing through a securities broker or other financial organization, please
refer to its program materials for any additional special provisions or
conditions that may be different from those described in this Prospectus (for
example, some or all of the services and privileges described may not be
available to you).  Securities brokers and other financial
organizations have the responsibility for transmitting purchase orders and
funds, and of crediting their customers’ accounts following redemptions, in a
timely manner in accordance with their customer agreements and this
Prospectus.  In the event that a securities broker or other financial
organization fails to transmit purchase orders and funds in a timely manner, the
Fund has the right to cancel the trade. If for any reason your financial
institution is not able to accommodate your purchase request, please call a Cook
& Bynum Fund representative toll-free at 1-877-839-COBY to find out how you
can purchase Fund shares. 


 



12





 



Publications
other than those distributed by the Fund may contain comparisons of Fund
performance to the performance of various indices and investments for which
reliable data is widely available.  These publications may also
include averages, performance rankings or other information prepared by
Morningstar, Lipper or other recognized organizations providing mutual fund
statistics.  The Fund is not responsible for the accuracy of any data
published by third party organizations.

Purchasing
Shares by Automatic Investment Plan

 Subsequent
to your initial investment, you may make additional purchases at regular
intervals through the Automatic Investment Plan (the “Plan”).  The
Plan provides a convenient method to have money deducted directly from your
checking or savings account for investment in shares of the Fund.  In
order to participate in the Plan, your financial institution must be a member of
the Automated Clearing House (“ACH”) network however the account being debited
may not be a mutual fund or “pass through” account.  Each purchase
under the Plan must be a minimum of $100 per month.  To begin
participating in the Plan, please complete the Plan section on the Application
or call Shareholder Services at 1-877-839-COBY.  Any request to change
or terminate your Plan should be submitted to the Transfer Agent five days prior
to effective date.  The Fund may alter, modify, amend or terminate the
Plan at any time, and will notify you at least 30 days in advance if it does
so. 

Purchasing Shares by
Telephone

 In
order to be able to purchase shares by telephone, an account authorizing such
purchases must be established prior to your call.  Your initial
purchase of shares may not be made by telephone.  Telephone purchases
must be a minimum of $1,000 for both regular accounts and IRA
accounts.  If your telephone order for Shares is placed and received
by the close of regular trading on the NYSE (currently 4:00 p.m. EST), your
Shares will be purchased at the Fund’s NAV calculated at the close of regular
trading on that day.  Otherwise, your Shares will be purchased at the
NAV determined as of the close of regular trading on the next business
day. 

You may
make purchases by telephone only if you have an account at a bank that is a
member of the ACH network.  Most transfers are completed within three
business days of your call.  To preserve flexibility, the Trust may
revise or eliminate the ability to purchase Fund shares by phone, or may charge
a fee for such service, although the Trust does not currently expect to charge
such a fee.

Miscellaneous Purchase
Information

The Fund
reserves the right to refuse or accept Applications or purchase orders and
reserves the right to waive the minimum investment amounts.  Purchase
orders will not be accepted unless they are in “Proper Form.” Proper Form with
respect to purchase orders generally means that an acceptable form of payment
accompanies the purchase order and the purchase order includes:





 
  


(1)


Your
  account number;








 
  


(2)


The
  number of shares to be purchased or the dollar value of the amount to be
  purchased;








 
  


(3)


Any
  required signatures of all account owners exactly as they are registered
  on the account;








 
  


(4)


Any
  required Medallion signatures guarantees;
and








 
  


(5)


Any
  supporting legal documentation that is required in the case of estates,
  trusts, corporations, or partnerships, and certain other types of
  accounts.






 



13





 



 Acceptable
forms of payment include: wire transfer or check drawn on a U.S. bank, savings
and loan association or credit union.  Furthermore, for the protection
of existing shareholders, although the price received for an order is the NAV
next determined after the order has been received, payment for purchase orders
exceeding $500,000 is accepted and the order is processed at such time that: (i)
if payment is made by check, the amount of the check is cleared by the U.S.
bank, savings and loan association or credit union upon which the check is
drawn; or (ii) if payment is by wire transfer, the funds are received by the
Fund.  All checks must be in U.S. dollars drawn on a domestic
bank.  The Fund will not accept payment in cash or money
orders.  The Fund also does not accept cashier’s checks in amounts of
less than $10,000.  To prevent check fraud, the Fund will not accept
third party checks, Treasury checks, credit card checks, traveler’s checks or
starter checks for the purchase of Fund shares.  We are unable to
accept post-dated checks, post-dated on-line bill pay checks, or any conditional
order or payment.  The Transfer Agent may charge the shareholder’s
account for any loss sustained by the Fund, for any payment that is
returned.  It is the policy of the Fund not to accept Applications or
purchase orders under certain circumstances or in amounts considered
disadvantageous to shareholders.  The Fund reserves the right to
reject any Application. 

 A
purchase order placed with the Transfer Agent in Proper Form received prior to
4:00 p.m., EST, will be processed on the day it is received.  A
purchase order in Proper Form received after 4:00 p.m., EST, will result in the
order being processed on the following business day. 

 If you
place an order to purchase Fund shares through a securities broker and you place
your order in Proper Form before 4:00 p.m., EST, on any business day in
accordance with its procedures, your order will be processed at the NAV next
calculated following the close of regular trading on the NYSE that day, provided
the securities broker or intermediary transmits your order to the Transfer Agent
in a timely manner in accordance with the rules established by the Fund and
current regulatory requirements.  The securities broker or
intermediary must send to the Transfer Agent immediately available funds in the
amount of the purchase price within one business day of placing the
order.  In the event that the securities broker or intermediary fails
to send the Transfer Agent such funds within one business day of placing the
order, the securities broker or intermediary will be responsible for any
resulting loss. 

After you
have established your account and made your first purchase, you may also make
subsequent purchases by telephone with an authorized bank
account.  Please note that all telephone orders are subject to
verification.  In addition, Fund purchases in excess of $500,000 will
be subject to the payment requirements described in this section.

 Consistent
with current regulatory requirements, it is permissible for financial
intermediaries and retirement plan record keepers to aggregate mutual fund
orders received prior to 4:00 p.m., EST, and transmit them to the Transfer Agent
after 4:00 p.m., EST. 

Policies Regarding Frequent Trading
of Fund Shares

The Fund
was created as a vehicle for long-term investors and not for those who wish to
frequently trade shares.  Management and the Board do not believe that
investors or speculators seeking to profit from day-to-day fluctuations in stock
prices and mutual fund portfolios as a whole should be shareholders of the
Fund.  In the opinion of the Fund’s management and the Board,
short-term trading of Fund shares creates risks for the Fund and its long-term
shareholders, including disruptions in carrying out the Fund’s investment
strategies, increases in administrative and transactions costs, and potential
dilution from traders successful at seeking short-term profits.


 



14





 



 A
portion of the Fund’s portfolio may be allocated to investments in foreign
securities and such allocation may cause the Fund to be susceptible to
short-term trading strategies.  This is because foreign securities are
typically traded on markets that close before the time the Fund calculates its
NAV at 4:00 p.m., EST, which gives rise to the possibility that developments may
have occurred in the interim that would affect the value of these
securities.  The time zone differences among international stock
markets can allow a shareholder engaging in a short-term trading strategy to
exploit differences in Fund share prices that are based on closing prices of
foreign securities established some time before the Fund calculates its own
share price.  It is intended that the use of the Fund’s fair value
pricing procedures will result in adjustments to closing market prices of
foreign securities that reflect what is believed to be the fair value of those
securities at the time the Fund calculates its NAV.  While there is no
assurance, the Fund expects that the use of fair value pricing, in addition to
the market-timing policies discussed below, will significantly reduce a
shareholder’s ability to engage in strategies detrimental to other Fund
shareholders. 

 In
order to discourage behavior that can potentially hurt the Fund and its
long-term shareholders, the Fund and the Board have adopted policies and
procedures with respect to market timing and the frequent purchase and
redemption of Fund shares, including the imposition of a redemption fee of 2% on
the value of shares redeemed within 60 days of purchase (see the section titled
“Redemption Fee” below).  Under its market timing policies and
procedures, the Fund will rely on its Chief Compliance Officer to work in
conjunction with the Transfer Agent (or another Fund agent) to monitor trading
patterns that may constitute abusive market timing activities.  The
Fund’s market timing policy establishes a presumption of abusive trading for any
investor that attempts to complete three purchase and redemption transactions of
shares from the same Fund (”round-trip”) within a 90 day period.  If
the Chief Compliance Officer determines that impermissible market timing has
occurred, future purchases may be restricted or prohibited.  However,
sales of Fund shares back to the Fund or redemptions will continue as permitted
by the terms disclosed in the Prospectus.  The Fund does not
accommodate frequent purchases and redemptions of Fund shares by Fund
Shareholders. 

 The
redemption fee is not imposed, however, in certain situations as described in
more detail in the section entitled “How to Sell (Redeem) Your Shares -
Redemption Fees” below. 

The
ability of the Fund and its agents to detect and curtail excessive trading
practices may be limited by operational systems and technological
limitations.  In addition, the Fund receives purchase, exchange and
redemption orders through financial intermediaries and cannot always know or
reasonably detect excessive trading that may be facilitated by these financial
intermediaries or by the use of omnibus account arrangements offered by these
financial intermediaries to investors.  Omnibus account arrangements
are common forms of holding shares of the Fund, particularly among certain
financial intermediaries such as brokers and retirement plans.  These
arrangements often permit the financial intermediary to aggregate its clients’
transactions and ownership positions.  In these circumstances, the
identity of the shareholders often is not known to the Fund.  The Fund
will seek to enter into agreements with financial intermediaries so that
comparable surveillance and reporting procedures can be applied to omnibus
accounts as will be applied to non-omnibus accounts.  However, there
is no guarantee that the reporting and surveillance procedures will be the same
across all financial intermediaries or that they will be successful in detecting
abusive market timing practices.


 



15





 



HOW TO SELL (REDEEM) YOUR
SHARES

 Your
shares of the Fund may be redeemed on each day that the NYSE is open for
trading.  You may request the sale of your shares either by mail or by
telephone. 

Proper
Form with respect to redemption requests generally means that the redemption
requests include:





 
  


1)


Your
  account number;








 
  


2)


The
  number of shares to be redeemed or the dollar value of the amount to be
  redeemed;








 
  


3)


All
  required signatures of all account owners exactly as they are registered
  on the account;








 
  


4)


Any
  required Medallion signature guarantees;
and








 
  


5)


Any
  supporting legal documentation that is required in the case of estates,
  trusts, corporations, or partnerships, and certain other types of
  accounts.





 A
redemption order placed with respect to an IRA account must include, in addition
to the above, a statement of Federal tax withholding indicating whether or not
you elect to withhold federal taxes and if so the amount you
elect.  The Transfer Agent will withhold a mandatory 10% of the
proceeds requested for Federal tax unless the shareholder provides alternate
instructions to the Transfer Agent otherwise in writing prior to the
transaction. 

 A
redemption order placed with the Transfer Agent in Proper Form received prior to
4:00 p.m., EST, will be processed on the day it is received by the Transfer
Agent.  A redemption order in Proper Form received after 4:00 p.m.,
EST, will result in the order being processed on the following business
day.  The redemption price you receive will be the Fund’s per share
NAV next calculated after receipt of the redemption request in Proper
Form. 

 If you
place an order to redeem Fund shares through a securities broker and you place
your order in Proper Form before 4:00 p.m., EST, on any business day with such
securities broker in accordance with their procedures, your order will be
processed at the NAV next calculated following the close of regular trading on
the NYSE that day, provided the securities broker or intermediary transmits your
order to the Transfer Agent by 7:00 p.m. EST if transmitted via the NSCC or by
8:00 EST if trades are submitted outside of the NSCC. 

 Payment
of redemption proceeds will generally be made within three business days of the
purchase date of the valuation date unless otherwise expressly agreed by the
parties at the time of the transaction.  If you purchase your shares
by check and then redeem your shares before your check has cleared, the Fund may
hold your redemption proceeds until your check clears or for 15 days, whichever
comes first. 

By Mail

Sale
requests should be mailed via U.S. mail or overnight courier service
to:

First
Class Mail:
The Cook
& Bynum Fund
 P.O.
Box 13215 
 Denver,
CO 80201 


 



16





 



Overnight
Mail:
The Cook
& Bynum Fund
 c/o
ALPS Fund Services 
 1290
Broadway, Suite 1100 
 Denver,
CO 80203 

The Fund
does not consider the U.S. Postal Service or any other independent delivery
services to be its agents and takes no responsibility for their
actions.

Medallion Signature
Guarantees

A
signature guarantee is required to redeem shares in the following
situations:





 
  


·


If
  ownership is changed on your
account;








 
  


·


When
  redemption proceeds are sent to any person, address or bank account not on
  record;








 
  


·


Written
  requests to wire redemption proceeds (if not previously authorized on the
  account);








 
  


·


When
  establishing or modifying certain services on an
  account;








 
  


·


If
  a change of address was received by the Transfer Agent within the last 15
  days; and








 
  


·


For
  all redemptions in excess of $50,000 from any shareholder
  account.





In
addition to the situations described above, the Fund and/or the Transfer Agent
reserve the right to require a Medallion signature guarantee in other instances
based on the circumstances relative to the particular situation.

By Telephone

 If you
elected to use telephone redemption on your Application when you initially
purchased shares, you may redeem up to a $50,000 value of your Fund shares by
calling a Cook & Bynum representative toll-free at
1-877-839-COBY.  Investors may have a check sent to the address of
record, proceeds may be wired to a shareholder’s bank account of record, or
funds may be sent via electronic funds transfer through the ACH network to the
bank account of record.    There is no charge if redemption
proceeds are sent via the ACH system and credit is generally available within
three business days.  If an investor calls a Cook & Bynum
representative before 4:00 p.m., EST, the investor will receive NAV next
determined after receipt of the redemption request by the Cook & Bynum
representative; that is, that day's NAV.  If a request has been made
to change the address of the account and was received by the Fund or the
Transfer Agent within 15 days of the redemption request, you may not redeem by
telephone.  Once a telephone transaction has been placed, it cannot be
canceled or modified. 
 
The
Transfer Agent employs certain procedures designed to confirm that instructions
communicated by telephone are genuine.  Such procedures may include,
but are not limited to, requiring some form of personal identification prior to
acting upon telephonic instructions, providing written confirmations of all such
transactions, and/or recording all telephonic instructions.  Assuming
procedures such as the above have been followed, neither the Transfer Agent nor
the Fund will be liable for any loss, cost or expense for acting upon telephone
instructions that are believed to be genuine.  The Trust shall have
authority, as your agent, to redeem shares in your account to cover any such
loss.  As a result of this policy, you will bear the risk of any loss
unless the Fund has failed to follow procedures such as those outlined
above.  If the Fund fails to follow such procedures, it may be liable
for losses that result from such failure.


 



17





 



By Wire
 
 You
may request the redemption proceeds be wired to your designated bank if it is a
member bank or a correspondent of a member bank of the Federal Reserve
System. 

Redemption At The Option Of The
Fund

 If the
value of the shares in your account falls below $2,000 ($1,000 in the case of
shares held in an IRA), the Fund may notify you that, unless your account is
increased to $2,000 in value, it will redeem all your shares and close the
account by paying you the redemption proceeds and any dividends and
distributions declared and unpaid at the date of redemption.  You will
have thirty days after notice to bring the account up to $2,000 ($1,000 in the
case of shares held in an IRA) before any action is taken.  The Fund
reserves this right because of the expense to the Fund of maintaining relatively
small accounts.  This right of redemption shall not apply if the value
of your account drops below $2,000 ($1,000 in the case of shares held in an IRA)
as the result of market action.  The Fund also reserves the right, in
its sole discretion, to cause the redemption of any shareholder if it believes
that the continued ownership of such shareholder may adversely affect the Fund
or its other shareholders. 

Redemption Fee

The Fund
assesses a 2% fee on the proceeds of Fund shares that are redeemed within 60
days of their purchase.  For purposes of applying the fee, the first
day of the period will be the settlement date.  Shares will be
redeemed on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis.  The redemption fee is
paid to the Fund for the benefit of remaining shareholders, and is intended to
discourage short-term trading of Fund shares and to offset the trading costs,
market impact and other costs associated with short-term trading in Fund
shares.  The Fund reserves the right to waive the redemption fee if it
is determined that such waiver is consistent with the best interests of the Fund
and its long-term shareholders.

The
redemption fee is not imposed in the following situations:
 




 
  


·


periodic
  distributions from retirement accounts (including IRAs and retirement
  plans),




 




 
  


·


redemption
  of reinvested distributions,




 




 
  


·


when
  the Fund cannot identify the beneficial owner in certain omnibus accounts
  if the Fund has received assurances that a system allowing for the
  redemption fee will be implemented within a reasonable time when and if
  required by any relevant
regulation,




 




 
  


·


when
  the shares are redeemed in certain hardship situations, including but not
  limited to, death or disability of the
  shareholder,




 




 
  


·


shares
  redeemed by the Fund,




 




 
  


·


shares
  redeemed to return an excess contribution to an IRA account,
  or




 




 
  


·


shares
  redeemed in connection with qualified default investment
  alternatives.






 



18





 



Redemptions in
Kind

 The
Fund reserves the right to satisfy a redemption request by distributing
portfolio securities.  The Fund has committed pursuant to its Rule
18f-1 election to pay redeeming shareholders in cash for all redemptions less
than 1% of the NAV of the Fund within any 90-day period.  When
redemption proceeds are paid with portfolio securities an investor will be
exposed to market risk until such time the investor converts into cash the
portfolio securities received and, in addition, the investor will likely pay
commissions upon such conversion of the portfolio securities into
cash.  In-kind redemption proceeds may include illiquid
securities.  Redeeming shareholders receiving illiquid securities may
not be able to sell such securities at or near the price the Fund valued them
at, if at all. 

DIVIDENDS AND
DISTRIBUTIONS

Dividends
paid by the Fund are derived from its net investment income. Net investment
income will be distributed at least annually.  The Fund’s net
investment income is made up of dividends received from the stocks it holds, as
well as interest accrued and paid on any other obligations that might be held in
its portfolio.

The Fund
realizes capital gains when it sells a security for more than it paid and a
capital loss when it sells a security for less than it paid.  The Fund
will make distributions of its net realized capital gains (after any reductions
for capital loss carry forwards) once a year as required.

Unless
you elect to have your distributions paid in cash, your distributions will be
reinvested in additional shares of the Fund.  You may change the
manner in which your dividends are paid at any time by writing to the Transfer
Agent.

TAX
CONSIDERATIONS

The Fund
intends to qualify as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, so as to be relieved of federal
income tax on its capital gains and net investment income currently distributed
to its shareholders.

Dividends
from investment income and net short-term capital gains are generally taxable to
you as ordinary income.  Distributions of qualified dividend income by
the Fund may be eligible for preferential tax rates.  Distributions of
capital gains are taxable based on the Fund’s holding period, either short- or
long-term, regardless of the length of time shares in the Fund have been
held.  Distributions are generally taxable, whether received in cash
or reinvested in additional shares of the Fund.

You will
be advised annually of the source of distributions for federal income tax
purposes.

Redemption
of shares is a taxable event and, accordingly, a capital gain or loss may be
recognized.  You should consult a tax adviser regarding the effect of
federal, state, local, and foreign taxes on an investment in the
Fund.


 



19





 



GENERAL
INFORMATION

 The
Fund will not issue stock certificates evidencing shares.  Instead,
your account will be credited with the number of shares purchased, relieving you
of responsibility for safekeeping of certificates and the need to deliver them
upon redemption.  Written confirmations are issued for all purchases
and redemptions of shares. 

In
reports or other communications to investors, or in advertising material, the
Fund may describe general economic and market conditions affecting the Fund and
may compare its performance with other mutual funds as listed in the rankings
prepared by Lipper Analytical Services, Inc., Morningstar or similar nationally
recognized rating services and financial publications that monitor mutual fund
performance.  The Fund may also, from time to time, compare its
performance to the one or more appropriate market or economic
indices.

 The
Board has approved the Codes of Ethics (the “Codes”) of the Trust, the
Adviser, and the Distributor.  The Board is responsible for overseeing
the implementation of the Trust’s Code.  The Codes govern investment
personnel who may have knowledge of the investment activities of the
Fund.  The Codes require these investment personnel to file regular
reports concerning their personal securities transactions and prohibit certain
activities that might result in harm to the Fund.  The Fund and the
Manager have filed copies of their respective Codes with the
SEC.  Copies of the Codes may be reviewed and copied at the SEC’s
Public Reference Room in Washington, DC.  The Codes are also available
on the SEC’s EDGAR database at the SEC’s web site
(www.sec.gov).  Copies may be obtained, after paying a duplicating
fee, by electronic request (publicinfo@sec.gov) or by writing the SEC’s Public
Reference Section, Washington, DC 20549-0102. 

The Board
also has approved procedures designed to prevent and detect attempts to launder
money as required under the USA PATRIOT Act.  The day-to-day
responsibility for monitoring and reporting any such activities has been
delegated to the Transfer Agent, subject to the oversight and supervision of the
Board.

 The
Fund has delegated all proxy voting authority to the Adviser who shall vote
proxies relating to securities held by the Fund pursuant to its proxy voting
policy (the “Proxy Voting Policy”).  The Adviser’s primary
consideration in its Proxy Voting Policy is the financial interests of the Fund
and its shareholders.  The Adviser’s Proxy Voting Policy is included
as an exhibit to the Fund’s SAI, which is available, upon request and without
charge, by calling a Cook & Bynum representative toll free at
1-877-839-COBY. 

The Fund
has established a policy with respect to the disclosure of its portfolio
holdings.  A description of this policy is provided in the
SAI.

 FINANCIAL
HIGHLIGHTS 

 Because
the Funds have not yet commenced operations as of the date of this Prospectus,
there are no financial highlights for the Funds. 


 



20





 



FOR
MORE INFORMATION

 Additional
information about the Fund is available in the Fund's Statement of Additional
Information (“SAI”).  The SAI contains more details regarding the
Fund’s organization, investment strategies, service providers and
policies.  A current SAI, dated June[  ], 2009, has been filed
with the SEC and is incorporated by reference into this
prospectus. 
 
Copies of
the Fund’s SAI are available without charge.  For shareholder
inquiries, other information and to request a copy of the Fund’s SAI, please
contact the Trust at:
 

The Cook
& Bynum Fund
 c/o
ALPS Fund Services, Inc. 
 PO Box
13215 
 Denver,
CO 80201 
 1-877-839-COBY 

A copy of
requested document(s) will be mailed to you no later than three business days of
the receipt of your request.  Immediate access of requested documents
can be found at www.cookandbynum.com.

Information
about the Fund (including the SAI) can also be reviewed and copied at the SEC’s
Public Reference Room in Washington, D.C.  Information concerning the
operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at
1-202-551-5850.  Reports and other information about the Fund are also
available on the SEC’s EDGAR database at the SEC’s web site
(www.sec.gov).  Copies of this information can be obtained, after
paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request (publicinfo@sec.gov), or by
writing the SEC’s Public Reference Section, Washington, DC
20549-0102.

 Investment
Company Act No. 811-22282 



 



21





 



Securities
may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission is effective.  The Statement of Additional
Information is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an
offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not
permitted.

 Subject
to Completion, Dated June 1, 2009 

STATEMENT
OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

 June
_____, 2009 


THE
COOK & BYNUM FUND
(the
“Fund”)

The
sole Series of
COOK
& BYNUM FUNDS TRUST
(the
“Trust”)

2204
Lakeshore Drive
Suite
218
Birmingham,
AL  35209

TELEPHONE:  205-994-2815
Website:  www.cookandbynum.com


 This
Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”) is not a prospectus and should be
read in conjunction with The Cook & Bynum Fund’s Prospectus dated
June   [____], 2009, as the Prospectus may be amended from time
to time.  You may obtain a copy of the Prospectus, free of charge, by
writing to The Cook & Bynum Funds, c/o ALPS Fund Services, 1290 Broadway,
Suite 1100, Denver, CO 80203 or by calling 1-877-839-COBY. 



 



 






 



TABLE
OF CONTENTS





 
  

Page




 DESCRIPTION
  OF THE TRUST AND FUND 


 -
  1 - 



  
  
  
  



 FUND'S
  INVESTMENT POLICIES, OBJECTIVES AND SECURITIES OPTIONS 


 -
  1 - 



  
  
  
  



 DISCLOSURE
  OF PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS 


 -
  9 - 



  
  
  
  



 INVESTMENT
  RESTRICTIONS 


 -
  10 - 



  
  
  
  



 INVESTMENT
  ADVISER 


 -
  11 - 



  
  
  
  



 THE
  INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 


 -15
  - 



  
  
  
  



 TRUSTEES
  AND OFFICERS 


 -
  15 - 



  
  
  
  



 Additional
  Officers of the Trust 


 -
  17 - 




 Audit
  Committee 


 -
  19 - 




 Nominating
  Committee 


 -
  19 - 




 Compensation 


 -
  19 - 




 Trustee
  Ownership of Fund Shares 


 -
  20 - 



  
  
  
  



 CONTROL
  PERSONS AND SHAREHOLDERS OWNING IN EXCESS OF 5% OF FUND
  SHARES 


 -
  20 - 



  
  
  
  



 PURCHASING
  AND REDEEMING SHARES 


 -
  21 - 



  
  
  
  



 PORTFOLIO
  TRANSACTIONS 


 -
  22 - 



  
  
  
  



 TRADING
  BY THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER 


 -
  22 - 



  
  
  
  



 ADMINISTRATOR 


 -
  23 - 



  
  
  
  



 DISTRIBUTOR 


 -
  23 - 



  
  
  
  



 TRANSFER
  AGENT 


 -
  23 - 



  
  
  
  



 CUSTODIAN 


 -
  23 - 



  
  
  
  



 INDEPENDENT
  REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 


 -
  24 - 



  
  
  
  



 LEGAL
  COUNSEL 


 -
  24 - 



  
  
  
  



 TAX
  INFORMATION 


 -
  24 - 



  
  
  
  



 GENERAL
  INFORMATION 


 -
  26 - 



  
  
  
  



 PROXY
  VOTING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 


 -
  27 - 



  
  
  
  



 PERFORMANCE
  INFORMATION 


 -
  27 - 



  
  
  
  



 FINANCIAL
  STATEMENTS 


 -
  28 - 



  
  
  
  



 APPENDIX
  A 


 - 35
  - 








 



-i-





 



DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUST AND FUND

 The Cook & Bynum Fund (the “Fund”) was organized as
a non-diversified series of the Cook & Bynum Funds Trust (the “Trust”) on
March 18, 2009 and commenced operations on June ____,
2009.  The Trust is an open-end investment company established under
the laws of Delaware by an Agreement and Declaration of Trust dated March 18, 2009 (the “Trust
Agreement”).  The affairs of the Trust are managed by a Board of
Trustees.  The investment adviser to the
Fund is Cook & Bynum Capital Management, LLC (the
“Adviser”).  The Board has delegated the day-to-day operations
of the Fund to the Adviser, which operates the Fund under the Board’s general
supervision. 
 
The
Trust’s Declaration of Trust permits the Board to issue an unlimited number of
shares of beneficial interest.  The Board has the power to designate
one or more separate and distinct series and/or classes of shares of beneficial
interest and to classify or reclassify any unissued shares with respect to such
series.  Currently, the Fund is the only series of shares being
offered by the Trust.
 
THE
FUND'S INVESTMENT POLICIES, OBJECTIVES AND SECURITIES OPTIONS
 
 The
Fund's investment objective and the manner in which the Fund pursues that
objective are discussed in the Prospectus.  This section provides
additional information concerning the Fund's principal investment policies and
strategies that are discussed in the prospectus as well as information on
non-principal investment strategies that the Fund may also use.  Any
investment strategy or risk discussed below that is not also discussed in the
prospectus is considered non-principal. 
 
The Fund
is a non-diversified, open-end investment company, which means that the Fund can
concentrate its investments in a smaller number of companies than a diversified
fund.  The Fund’s principal investment strategies are described in the
Prospectus.  The Fund intends to structure its investments so as to
enable it to satisfy the requirements for taxation as a regulated investment
company under Section 851 of the Internal Revenue Code
 
The Fund
may invest in a variety of other securities.  The other types of
securities in which the Fund may invest are listed below, along with any
restrictions on such investments, and, where necessary, a brief discussion of
risks unique to the particular type of security.
 
SPECIAL
SITUATIONS.  From time to time, the Fund intends to invest in special
situations, which may involve purchases of securities, including but not limited
to, equity securities, noninvestment grade debt securities and securities of
companies that are in default.  A special situation arises when, in
the opinion of Cook & Bynum Capital Management, LLC, the Fund’s investment
adviser (the “Adviser”), the securities of a company will, within a reasonably
estimated time, appreciate in value due to company specific developments that
are independent of general business or market conditions.  Such
developments and situations include, but are not limited to, liquidations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations or mergers, material litigation,
technological breakthroughs, and new management or management
policies.  Although large and well-known companies may be involved,
special situations often involve greater risk than is found in the normal course
of investing.  See “CREDIT RISK,” “INTEREST RATE RISK” and “INVESTMENT
IN HIGH YIELD SECURITIES” below for a description of the risks of investing in
debt and other fixed-income securities.
 



 



- 1
-





 





FOREIGN
(NON-U.S.) SECURITIES.  The Fund may invest in securities of non-U.S.
companies, including but not limited to, depository receipts and similar equity
securities, corporate debt securities and short-term and long-term debt
obligations of foreign governments and other foreign money-market
instruments.  Short-term debt obligations of foreign governments will
generally have a maturity of six months or less and a credit rating of “A” or
better by Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) or a similar rating by another
nationally recognized statistical rating organization
(“NRSRO”).  Other debt securities of non-U.S. companies may be
purchased without regard to NRSRO ratings and would generally fall under the
category of “special situations.” See “CREDIT RISK,” “INTEREST RATE RISK” and
“INVESTMENT IN HIGH YIELD SECURITIES” below for a description of the risks of
investing in debt and other fixed-income securities.
 
Investments
in foreign companies involve certain risks not typically associated with
investing in domestic companies.  An investment in a foreign company
may be affected by changes in currency rates and in exchange control
regulations.  There may be less publicly available information about a
foreign company than about a domestic company, because foreign companies may not
be subject to the same degree of regulation as U.S.
companies.  Foreign companies generally are not subject to uniform
accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards.  Dividends and
interest on foreign securities may be subject to foreign withholding
taxes.  Such taxes may reduce the net return to Fund
shareholders.  Foreign securities are often denominated in a currency
other than the U.S. dollar.  Accordingly, the Fund will be subject to
the risks associated with fluctuations in currency values.  Although
the Fund will only invest in foreign issuers that are domiciled in nations
considered having stable and friendly governments, there is the possibility of
expropriation, confiscation, taxation, currency blockage, or political or social
instability that could negatively affect the Fund.
 
PREFERRED
STOCK.  The Fund may invest in shares of preferred
stock.  Preferred shares generally pay dividends at a specified rate
and generally have preference over common shares in the payments of dividends
and the liquidation of an issuer's assets.  Dividends on preferred
shares are generally payable at the discretion of the issuer's board of
directors.  Accordingly, shareholders may suffer a loss of value if
dividends are not paid.  The market prices of preferred shares are
also sensitive to changes in interest rates and in the issuer's
creditworthiness.  Accordingly, shareholders may experience a loss of
value due to adverse interest rate movements or a decline in the issuer's credit
rating.
 
CONVERTIBLE
SECURITIES.  Traditional convertible securities include corporate
bonds, notes and preferred stocks that may be converted into or exchanged for
common stock and/or other securities that also provide an opportunity for equity
participation.  These securities are generally convertible either at a
stated price or a stated rate (that is, for a specific number of shares of
common stock or other security).  As with other fixed income
securities, the price of a convertible security to some extent varies inversely
with interest rates.  While providing a fixed income stream (generally
higher in yield than the income derivable from a common stock but lower than
that afforded by a non-convertible debt security), a convertible security also
affords the investor an opportunity, through its conversion feature, to
participate in the capital appreciation of the common stock into which it is
convertible.  As the market price of the underlying common stock
declines, convertible securities tend to trade increasingly on a yield basis and
so may not experience market value declines to the same extent as the underlying
common stock.  When the market price of the underlying common stock
increases, the price of a convertible security tends to rise as a reflection of
the value of the underlying common stock.  To obtain such a higher
yield, the Fund may be required to pay for a convertible security an amount in
excess of the value of the underlying common stock.  Common stock
acquired by the Fund upon conversion of a convertible security will generally be
held for so long as such stocks are anticipated to provide the Fund with
opportunities that are consistent with the Fund's investment objective and
policies.
 


 



- 2
-





 



DEBT
SECURITIES.  The Fund may invest in corporate and U.S. Government debt
securities.  Corporate debt securities include, but are not limited
to, debt obligations offered by public or private corporations either registered
or unregistered.  The market value of such securities may fluctuate in
response to interest rates and the creditworthiness of the
issuer.  The Fund may invest in debt securities that are
non-investment grade or are in default in accordance with the “Special
Situations” paragraph above.  U.S. Government debt securities include
direct obligations of the U.S. Government and obligations issued by U.S.
Government agencies and instrumentalities.  Although certain
securities issued by the U.S. Government, its agencies or instrumentalities are
backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government, others are supported
only by the credit of that agency or instrumentality.  There is no
guarantee that the U.S. Government will provide support to such agencies or
instrumentalities and such securities may involve risk of loss of principal and
interest.  In addition, a security backed by the U.S. Treasury or the
full faith and credit of the U.S. Government is guaranteed only as to the timely
payment of interest and principal when held to maturity.  The current
market prices for such securities are not guaranteed and will
fluctuate.  Certain U.S. Government agency securities or securities of
U.S. Government-sponsored entities are backed by the right of the issuer to
borrow from the U.S. Treasury, or are supported only by the credit of the issuer
or instrumentality.  While the U.S. Government provides financial
support to those U.S. Government-sponsored agencies or instrumentalities, no
assurance can be given that it will always do so and those securities are
neither guaranteed nor issued by the U.S. Government.  In the case of
securities backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government,
shareholders are primarily exposed to interest rate risk.
 
ASSET-BACKED
SECURITIES.  The Fund may invest in asset-backed
securities.  The securitization techniques used to develop
mortgage-related securities are being applied to a broad range of financial
assets.  Through the use of trusts and special purpose corporations,
various types of assets, including automobile loans and leases, credit card
receivables, home equity loans, equipment leases and trade receivables, are
being securitized in structures similar to the structures used in mortgage
securitizations.  For example, the Fund may invest in collateralized
debt obligations (“CDOs”), which include collateralized bond obligations
(“CBOs”), collateralized loan obligations (“CLOs”), and other similarly
structured securities.  CBOs and CLOs are types of asset-backed
securities.  A CBO is a trust, which is backed by a diversified pool
of high-risk, below investment grade fixed-income securities.  A CLO
is a trust typically collateralized by a pool of loans, which may include, among
others, domestic and foreign senior secured loans, senior unsecured loans, and
subordinate corporate loans, including loans that may be rated below investment
grade or equivalent unrated loans.  Asset-backed securities are
subject to risks associated with changes in interest rates and prepayment of
underlying obligations.  Each type of asset-backed security also
entails unique risks depending on the type of assets involved and the legal
structure used.  In some transactions, the value of the asset-backed
security is dependent on the performance of a third party acting as credit
enhancer or servicer.  Furthermore, in some transactions (such as
those involving the securitization of vehicle loans or leases) it may be
administratively burdensome to perfect the interest of the security issuer in
the underlying collateral and the underlying collateral may become damaged or
stolen.
 
CREDIT
RISK.  The Fund’s investments are subject to credit
risk.  An issuer’s credit quality depends on its ability to pay
interest on and repay its debt and other obligations.  Defaulted
securities or those expected to default are subject to additional risks in that
the securities may become subject to a plan or reorganization that can diminish
or eliminate their value.  The credit risk of a security may also
depend on the credit quality of any bank or financial institution that provides
credit enhancement for the security.  The Fund does not rely on third
party credit ratings to select its investments.
 


 



- 3
-





 



INTEREST
RATE RISK.  The Fund’s investments are subject to interest rate risk,
which is the risk that the value of a security will decline because of a change
in general interest rates.  Investments subject to interest rate risk
usually decrease in value when interest rates rise and rise in value when
interest rates decline.  Also, fixed-income securities with longer
maturities typically experience a more pronounced change in value when interest
rates change.
 
INVESTMENT
IN HIGH YIELD SECURITIES.  The Fund’s investments in securities that
are rated below investment grade by one or more NRSRO or rating agency (i.e.,
Ba3 and lower by Moody’s or BB- and lower by S&P and Fitch) or, if not
rated, determined by the Adviser to be of equivalent quality (“high yield
securities”), are subject to greater risk of loss of principal and interest than
higher-rated securities.  High yield securities are also generally
considered to be subject to greater market risk than higher-rated securities and
the capacity of issuers of high yield securities to pay interest and repay
principal is more likely to weaken than is that of issuers of higher-rated
securities in times of deteriorating economic conditions or rising interest
rates.  In addition, high yield securities may be more susceptible to
real or perceived adverse economic conditions than investment grade
securities.
 
Although
the Adviser does not rely on the ratings of rating agencies in selecting such
investments, debt securities rated Ba (including Ba1, Ba2 and Ba3) by Moody’s or
BB (including BB+ and BB-) by S&P and Fitch are judged to have speculative
elements or to be predominantly speculative with respect to the issuer’s ability
to pay interest and repay principal.  Debt securities rated B
(including B1, B2, B3, B+ and B-) by Moody’s, S&P, and Fitch are judged to
have highly speculative characteristics or to be predominantly
speculative.  Such securities may have small assurance of interest and
principal payments.  Securities rated Baa (including Baa1, Baa2 and
Baa3) by Moody’s are also judged to have speculative
characteristics.
 
The
market for high yield securities may be less liquid than the market for
higher-rated securities, which can adversely affect the prices at which high
yield securities can be sold.  Adverse publicity and investor
perceptions about high yield securities, whether or not based on fundamental
analysis, may tend to decrease the market value and liquidity of these
securities.  To the extent that there is no established secondary
market for high yield securities, the Fund may experience difficulty in valuing
such securities and, in turn, the Fund’s assets.
 
Although
the Adviser will attempt to reduce the risk inherent in investing in high yield
securities through credit analysis and attention to current developments and
other trends affecting fixed-income securities, losses may
occur.  Certain high yield securities in which the Fund may invest may
contain call or buy-back features that permit the issuers thereof to call or
repurchase such securities.  Such securities may present risks based
on prepayment expectations.  If an issuer exercises such a provision,
the Fund’s income may decline as a result of a loss of the higher income from
such securities.
 
Ratings
of fixed-income securities by the NRSROs are a generally accepted barometer of
credit risk, although the Adviser does not rely on credit ratings in selecting
investments.  Ratings are, however, subject to certain
limitations.  The rating of a security is heavily weighted by past
developments and does not necessarily reflect probable future
conditions.  There is frequently a lag between the time a rating is
assigned and the time it is updated.  In addition, there may be
varying degrees of difference in the credit risk of securities within each
rating category.  Some securities are rated by more than one of the
NRSROs, and the ratings assigned to the security by the rating agencies may
differ.  In such an event and for purposes of determining compliance
with restrictions on investments for the Fund, if a security is rated by two or
more rating agencies, the Adviser will deem the security to be rated at the
highest rating.
 
Unless
otherwise indicated, references to securities ratings by one rating agency in
this SAI shall include the equivalent rating by another rating
agency.
 


 



- 4
-





 



 INVESTMENT
COMPANIES.  The Fund may not acquire securities issued by other
registered investment companies, except as permitted by the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”) and rules and regulations
thereunder.  Under Section 12(d)(1) of the 1940 Act, the Fund may
invest only up to 5% of its total assets in the securities of any one investment
company, but may not own more than 3% of the outstanding voting stock of any one
investment company (the “3% Limitation”) or invest more than 10% of its total
assets in the securities of other investment companies.  The Fund is
subject to the 3% Limitation unless (i) the Fund has received an order for
exemptive relief from the 3% limitation from the SEC that is applicable to the
Fund; and (ii) the Fund takes appropriate steps to comply with any conditions in
such order. 
 
As a
shareholder of another registered investment company, the Fund would bear its
pro rata portion of that company's advisory fees and other
expenses.  Such fees and expenses will be borne indirectly by the
Fund’s shareholders.
 
CONTROL
OR OTHER SUBSTANTIAL POSITIONS RISK.  The Fund may make investments in
the securities of a company for the purpose of affecting the management or
control of the company, subject to applicable legal restrictions with respect to
the investment.
 
These
investments impose additional risks for the Fund other than a possible decline
in the value of the investments.  The Fund, individually or together
with other accounts managed by the Adviser, may obtain a controlling or other
substantial position in a public or private company (each, a “Portfolio
Company”).  Should the Fund and other accounts managed by the Adviser
obtain such a position, the Adviser may be required to make filings with the SEC
concerning holdings in the Portfolio Company.  The application of
statutory and regulatory requirements to the Fund or to the Adviser and its
affiliates could restrict activities contemplated by the Fund or the Adviser and
its affiliates with respect to a Portfolio Company or limit the time and the
manner in which the Fund is able to dispose of its holdings or hedge such
holdings.  The Fund or the Adviser and its affiliates may be required
to obtain relief from the SEC or its staff prior to engaging in certain
activities with respect to a Portfolio Company that could be deemed a joint
arrangement under the 1940 Act.
 
The Fund
may incur substantial expenses when taking control or other substantial
positions in a company, and there is no guarantee that such expenses can be
recouped.  In addition, the Fund’s investments could be frozen in
minority positions and the Fund could incur substantial losses.
 
The Fund
could be exposed to various legal claims by a Portfolio Company, its security
holders and its creditors arising from, among other things, the Fund’s status as
an insider or control person of a Portfolio Company or from the Adviser’s
designation of trustees to serve on the boards of trustees of a Portfolio
Company.  Such legal claims include claims that the Fund or the
Adviser (as a controlling person) is liable for securities laws violations by
the Portfolio Company or environmental damage or product defects caused by the
Portfolio Company or failure to supervise the Portfolio Company.  Such
legal claims also include claims that the Fund, as a control person or
significant shareholder of the Portfolio Company, has a fiduciary responsibility
to other shareholders in connection with the Fund’s voting or investment
decisions with respect to its holdings of the Portfolio Company’s
shares.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Fund nor the
Adviser intend to have unilateral control of any Portfolio Company and,
accordingly, may be unable to control the timing or occurrence of an exit
strategy for any Portfolio Company.
 


 



- 5
-





 



 REAL
ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS.  The Fund may invest in real estate
investment trusts (“REITs”).  Equity REITs invest directly in real
property while mortgage REITs invest in mortgages on real
property.  REITs may be subject to certain risks associated with the
direct ownership of real estate, including declines in the value of real estate,
risks related to general and local economic conditions, overbuilding and
increased competition, increases in property taxes and operating expenses and
variations in rental income.  REITs pay dividends to their
shareholders based upon available funds from operations.  It is quite
common for these dividends to exceed a REIT’s taxable earnings and profits,
resulting in the excess portion of such dividends being designated as a return
of capital.  The Fund intends to include the gross dividends from such
REITs in its distribution to its shareholders and, accordingly, a portion of the
Fund's distributions may also be designated as a return of
capital.  The Fund will pay the fees and expenses that are incurred by
the REITs in which it invests and that the Fund’s shareholders will indirectly
bear such fees and expenses. 
 
 REPURCHASE
AGREEMENTS.  The Fund may invest a portion of its assets in repurchase
agreements (“Repos”) with broker-dealers, banks and other financial
institutions, provided that the Fund's custodian at all times has possession of
the securities serving as collateral for the Repos or has proper evidence of
book entry receipt of said securities.  In a Repo, the Fund purchases
securities subject to the seller's simultaneous agreement to repurchase those
securities from the Fund at a specified price and time (as short as one day and
as long as several weeks).The repurchase price reflects an agreed-upon interest
rate during the time of investment.  All Repos entered into by the
Fund must be collateralized by U.S. Government debt securities, the market
values of which equal or exceed 102% of the principal amount of the money
invested by the Fund.  A Repo is a loan and therefore exposes the Fund
to the risk that the party that sells the securities will default on its
obligation to repurchase those securities.  If that happens, the Fund
can lose money because it may not be able to sell the securities at the
agreed-upon time and price or because the securities may lose value before they
can be sold.  If an institution with whom the Fund has entered into a
Repo enters insolvency proceedings, the resulting delay, if any, in the Fund’s
ability to liquidate the securities serving as collateral could cause the Fund
some loss if the securities declined in value prior to
liquidation.  To minimize the risk of such loss, the Fund will enter
into Repos only with institutions and dealers considered creditworthy and will
not allow more than 25% of the Fund’s assets to be allocated to such
investments. 
 
 DERIVATIVES.  The
Fund may invest in a number of different types of “derivative” investments,
however, such investments shall not comprise more than 20% of the total value of
the Fund. A derivative is an investment whose value depends on (or is derived
from) the value of an underlying security, asset, interest rate, index or
currency. Derivatives may allow the Fund to increase or decrease its exposure to
certain markets or risks. The Fund may use derivatives to seek to increase its
investment return or for hedging purposes. The Fund is not required to use
derivatives in seeking its investment objective or for hedging and it might not
do so. Options, futures and forward contracts are some of the types of
derivatives the Fund can use. The Fund may also use other types of derivatives
that are consistent with its investment strategies or for hedging
purposes. 
 
 Derivatives
may be volatile and may involve significant risks. The underlying security or
other instrument on which a derivative is based, or the derivative itself, may
not perform the way the Adviser expects it to. Some derivatives have the
potential for unlimited loss, regardless of the size of a Fund’s initial
investment. A Fund may also lose money on a derivative investment if the issuer
fails to pay the amount due.  Certain derivative investments held by
the Fund may be illiquid, making it difficult to close out an unfavorable
position. Derivative transactions may require the payment of premiums and can
increase portfolio turnover. As a result of these risks, the Fund could realize
little or no income or lose money from its investments, or a hedge might be
unsuccessful. 
 


 



- 6
-





 



 SECURITIES
LENDING TRANSACTIONS.  The Fund may lend its portfolio securities to
broker-dealers and banks. Any such loan must be continuously secured by
collateral in cash or cash equivalents maintained on a current basis in an
amount at least equal to the market value of the securities loaned by the Fund.
The Fund would continue to receive the equivalent of the interest or dividends
paid by the issuer on the securities loaned, and would also receive an
additional return that may be in the form of a fixed fee or a percentage of the
collateral. The Fund would have the right to call the loan and obtain the
securities loaned at any time on notice of not more than five business days. The
Fund would not have the right to vote the securities during the existence of the
loan, but would call the loan to permit voting of the securities if, in the
Adviser's judgment, a material event requiring a shareholder vote would
otherwise occur before the loan was repaid.  The Fund will not lend
more than more than 25% of the net asset value of the securities comprising its
portfolio. 
 
 In the
event of bankruptcy or other default of the borrower, the Fund could experience
both delays in liquidating the loan collateral or recovering the loaned
securities and losses, including (a) possible decline in the value of the
collateral or in the value of the securities loaned during the period while the
Fund seeks to enforce its rights thereto, (b) possible subnormal levels of
income and lack of access to income during this period, and (c) expenses of
enforcing its rights. 
 
CASH
RESERVES.  Although the Fund will normally hold a focused portfolio
comprised primarily of equity securities, the Fund is not required to be fully
invested in common stocks and may maintain a significant portion of its total
assets in cash and securities generally considered to be cash equivalents,
including, but not limited to, U.S. Government securities, money-market funds,
Repos and other high quality money market instruments.  From time to
time, cash and cash reserves may also include foreign securities, including but
not limited to, short-term obligations of foreign governments or other high
quality foreign money-market instruments.  The Fund and the Adviser
believe that a certain amount of liquidity in the Fund’s portfolio is desirable
both to meet operating requirements and to take advantage of new investment
opportunities.  Under adverse market conditions when the Fund is
unable to find sufficient investments meeting its criteria, cash and cash
reserves may comprise a large percentage of the Fund’s total
assets.  When the Fund holds a significant portion of assets in cash
and cash reserves, it may not meet its investment objective and the Fund’s
performance may be negatively affected as a result.
 
RESTRICTED
AND ILLIQUID SECURITIES.  The Fund will not maintain more than 15% of
its net assets in securities that the Adviser determines to be
illiquid.  Illiquid securities are securities that may be difficult to
sell promptly at an acceptable price because of a lack of an available market
and other factors.  The sale of some illiquid and other types of
securities may be subject to legal restrictions.  Because illiquid and
restricted securities may present a greater risk of loss than other types of
securities, the Fund will not invest in such securities in excess of the limits
set forth above.  The Fund may also invest in securities acquired in a
privately negotiated transaction from the issuer or a holder of the issuer's
securities and which may not be distributed publicly without registration under
the Securities Act of 1933.  However, the Fund will generally not
purchase private securities in privately held companies, absent a reasonable
expectation that the securities purchased will be exchanged, converted,
registered or otherwise made saleable on a public market within two
years.  Restricted and illiquid securities are valued by the Adviser
in accordance with procedures approved by the Trust's Board of Trustees (“Board”
or “Trustees”) in a manner intended to reflect the fair market value of such
securities.  Securities that are subject to substantial market and
credit risk may have greater liquidity risk.
 


 



- 7
-





 



WHEN-ISSUED
SECURITIES AND DELAYED-DELIVERY TRANSACTIONS.  The Fund may purchase
securities on a when-issued basis, and it may purchase or sell securities for
delayed-delivery.  These transactions occur when securities are
purchased or sold by the Fund with payment and delivery taking place at some
future date.  The Fund may enter into such transactions when, in the
Adviser’s opinion, doing so may secure an advantageous yield and/or price to the
Fund that might otherwise be unavailable.  The Fund has not
established any limit on the percentage of assets it may commit to such
transactions, but to minimize the risks of entering into these transactions, the
Fund will maintain a segregated account with its custodian consisting of cash,
or other high-grade liquid debt securities, denominated in U.S. dollars or
non-U.S. currencies, in an amount equal to the aggregate fair market value of
its commitments to such transactions.
 
MARGIN
PURCHASES.  The Fund may not purchase securities on margin, except (i)
as otherwise provided under rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”) under the 1940 Act or by guidance regarding the 1940 Act, or
interpretations thereof, and (ii) that the Fund may obtain such short-term
credits as are necessary for the clearance of portfolio transactions, and the
Fund may make margin payments in connection with futures contracts, options,
forward contracts, swaps and other financial instruments.
 
INFLATION
RISK.  This is the risk that the value of assets or income from
investments will be less in the future as inflation decreases the value of
money.  As inflation increases, the value of the Fund’s assets can
decline as can the value of the Fund’s distributions.  This risk
increases as the Fund invests a greater portion of its assets in fixed-income
securities with longer maturities.
 
 FUTURE
DEVELOPMENTS.  The Fund may take advantage of other investment
practices that are not currently contemplated for use by the Fund, or are not
available but may yet be developed, to the extent such investment practices are
consistent with the Fund’s investment objective and legally permissible for the
Fund.  Such investment practices, if they arise, may involve risks
that exceed those involved in the activities described above.  The
Fund will sticker its prospectus and/or statement of additional information, as
appropriate, to describe such investment practices that are not currently
contemplated for use by the Fund. 
 
MASTER-FEEDER
OPTION.  Notwithstanding its other investment policies, the Fund may
seek to achieve its investment objective by investing all of its investable net
assets in another investment company having the same investment objective and
substantially the same investment policies and restrictions as those of the
Fund.  Although such an investment may be made in the sole discretion
of the Trustees, the Fund's shareholders will be given 30 days prior notice of
any such investment.  There is no current intent to make such an
investment.
 
 PORTFOLIO
TURNOVER.  The Fund has no operating history and therefore has no
annual reportable portfolio turnover.  The Fund will generally
purchase and sell securities without regard to the length of time the security
has been held.  Accordingly, it can be expected that the rate of
portfolio turnover will not be substantial.  The Fund expects that its
annual portfolio turnover rate will not exceed 30% under normal
conditions.  However, there can be no assurance that the Fund will not
exceed this rate, and the portfolio turnover rate may vary from year to
year. 
 
High
portfolio turnover in any year will result in the payment by the Fund of
above-average transaction costs and could result in the payment by shareholders
of above-average amounts of taxes on realized investment
gains.  Distributions to shareholders of such investment gains, to the
extent they consist of short-term capital gains, will be considered ordinary
income for federal income tax purposes.


 



- 8
-





 



Portfolio
turnover rate is calculated by dividing (1) the lesser of purchases or sales of
portfolio securities for the fiscal year by (2) the monthly average of the value
of portfolio securities owned during the fiscal year.  A 100% turnover
rate would occur if all the securities in the Fund's portfolio, with the
exception of securities whose maturities at the time of acquisition were one
year or less, were sold and either repurchased or replaced within one
year.
 
DISCLOSURE
OF PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS
 
 The
Fund has adopted policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent
selective disclosure of the Fund’s portfolio holdings to third
parties.  Portfolio holdings are generally disclosed as required by
law or regulation on a quarterly basis through reports to shareholders or
filings with the SEC within 60 days after quarter end.  The Fund may
also make disclosures pursuant to a legitimate business purpose (such as to
service providers or broker-dealers in connection with the performance of
services for the Fund) as long as the recipient has been notified or has
executed an agreement to the effect that it is subject to a duty of
confidentiality and may not trade in securities on the basis of non-public
information that may be included in these disclosures.  The Fund
reserves the right to request certifications from senior officers of a recipient
that the recipient is using the information only in a manner consistent with
Fund’s portfolio holdings disclosure policy and procedures and any applicable
confidentiality agreement.  Consistent with the aforementioned, each
of the following third parties has been approved to receive information
concerning the Fund’s portfolio holdings: (i) the Fund’s independent registered
public accounting firm, (ii) the Fund’s custodian, (iii) the Fund’s transfer
agent, (iv) the Fund’s administrator and (v) the Fund’s
accountant.  In addition, the Fund’s  chief compliance
officer (or his/her designee) may also authorize disclosure of the Fund’s
portfolio holdings to other persons after considering whether the Fund has a
legitimate business purpose in providing such information on a selective basis;
(b) the procedures that will be used to ensure that such information remains
confidential and is not traded upon; and (c) whether such disclosure is in the
best interest of the shareholders of the Fund, and will report such
authorizations to the Board.  Such disclosures should also only be
made if the recipient has been notified or has executed an agreement to the
effect that it is subject to a duty of confidentiality and may not trade in
securities on the basis of non-public information that may be included in these
disclosures and the Fund will reserve the right to request certifications from
senior officers of a recipient that the recipient is using the information only
in a manner consistent with Fund’s portfolio holdings disclosure policy and
procedures and any applicable confidentiality agreement.  Disclosure
of nonpublic portfolio holdings to third parties may only be made if the CCO or
his/her designee determines that such disclosure is not impermissible under
applicable law or regulation.  The Trustees will at least annually
review information regarding the nature of any such disclosures and
recipients.  If the Trustees determine that any such disclosure was
inappropriate, the Trustees will take such actions as they deem necessary and
appropriate to protect the interests of shareholders. 
 
 The
Fund believes that the foregoing policies and procedures reduce the likelihood
of conflicts between the interests of shareholders and affiliates of the
Fund.  Both the Adviser and the Fund have Codes of Ethics that govern
conflicts of interest and that are designed to minimize the possibility that
employees of the Fund or the Adviser will act in a manner inconsistent with
their duties to the Fund and its shareholders.  No person will receive
compensation of any kind in connection with the disclosure of nonpublic
information pertaining to the Fund's portfolio holdings. 
 


 



- 9
-





 



INVESTMENT
RESTRICTIONS
 
The
restrictions listed below are fundamental policies and may be changed only with
the approval of a “majority of the outstanding voting securities” of the Fund as
defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “1940 Act”).  As
provided in the 1940 Act, a vote of a "majority of the outstanding voting
securities" of the Fund means the affirmative vote of the lesser of (1) more
than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Fund, or (2) 67% or more of the shares
of the Fund present at a meeting, if more than 50% of the shares are represented
at the meeting in person or by proxy.  Except with respect to
borrowing, changes in values of the Fund's assets as a whole will not cause a
violation of the following investment restrictions so long as percentage
restrictions are observed by the Fund at the time it purchases any
security.
 
 Fundamental 
 




 1. 


 The
  Fund may not concentrate investments in an industry, as concentration may
  be defined under the 1940 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder (as
  such statute, rules or regulations may be amended from time to time) or by
  guidance regarding, interpretations of, or exemptive orders under, the
  1940 Act or the rules or regulations thereunder published by appropriate
  regulatory authorities.  Please see the section entitled “1940
  Act Requirements” below for an overview of current requirements regarding
  the concentration of investments under the 1940 Act and the rules and
  other pronouncements
thereunder. 




 




 2. 


 The
  Fund may not issue any senior security (as that term is defined in the
  1940 Act) or borrow money, except to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act
  or the rules and regulations thereunder (as such statute, rules or
  regulations may be amended from time to time) or by guidance regarding, or
  interpretations of, or exemptive orders under, the 1940 Act or the rules
  or regulations thereunder published by appropriate regulatory
  authorities.  Please see the section entitled “1940 Act
  Requirements” below for an overview of current requirements regarding the
  issuance of senior securities under the 1940 Act and the rules and other
  pronouncements thereunder. 




 
For the
purposes of this restriction, margin and collateral arrangements, including, for
example, with respect to permitted borrowings, options, futures contracts,
options on futures contracts and other derivatives such as swaps, are not deemed
to involve the issuance of a senior security.
 




3.


The
  Fund may not act as an underwriter of securities, except that the Fund may
  acquire restricted securities under circumstances in which, if such
  securities were sold, the Fund might be deemed to be an underwriter for
  purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as
  amended.




 




 4. 


 The
  Fund may not make loans, except through (i) the purchase of debt
  obligations in accordance with its investment objective and policies; (ii)
  the lending of portfolio securities; or (iii) the use of repurchase
  agreements. 




 




5.


The
  Fund may not purchase or sell commodities, except that the Fund may enter
  into futures contracts, options on futures contracts and
  privately-negotiated contracts for the current or future delivery of
  commodities.




 




6.


The
  Fund may not purchase or sell real estate, except that it may dispose of
  real estate acquired as a result of the ownership of securities or other
  instruments.  This restriction does not prohibit the Fund from
  investing in securities or other instruments backed by real estate or in
  securities of companies engaged in the real estate
  business.




 


 



- 10
-





 



 Non-Fundamental 
 




 1. 


 In
  connection with any borrowing, the Fund will not mortgage, pledge,
  hypothecate or in any manner transfer, as security for indebtedness more
  than one-third of the Fund's
assets. 




 




 2. 


 The
  Fund is prohibited from purchasing any security while outstanding
  borrowings by the Fund represent more than 5% of the Fund's total
  assets.  Please see the first fundamental restriction above for
  an overview of current pronouncements regarding the restrictions on
  acquisitions of securities when borrowings exceed 5% of the Fund’s total
  assets. 




 
 1940
Act Requirements 
 
 “Concentration”
is generally interpreted under the 1940 Act to be investing more than 25% of net
assets in an industry or group of industries. The 1940 Act limits the ability of
investment companies to borrow and lend money and to underwrite securities. The
1940 Act currently prohibits an open-end fund from issuing senior securities, as
defined in the 1940 Act, except under very limited
circumstances.  Additionally, the 1940 Act limits the Funds' ability
to borrow money, prohibiting the Funds from issuing senior securities, except a
Fund may borrow from any bank, provided that immediately after any such
borrowing there is an asset coverage of at least 300% for all borrowings by the
Fund and provided further, that in the event that such asset coverage shall at
any time fall below 300%, the Fund shall, within three days thereafter or such
longer period as the SEC may prescribe by rules and regulations, reduce the
amount of its borrowings to such an extent that the asset coverage of such
borrowing shall be at least 300%. 
 
INVESTMENT
ADVISER
 
Information
on the Fund’s investment adviser, Cook & Bynum Capital Management, LLC (the
“Adviser”), is set forth in the prospectus.  This section contains
additional information concerning the Adviser.
 
 The
Adviser manages the investment portfolio of the Fund pursuant to an investment
management agreement with the Fund dated May 26, 2009.  Mr.
Richard P. Cook is a Principal and Chief Investment Officer of the Adviser and
Mr. J. Dowe Bynum is a Principal and Chief Operating Officer of the
Adviser.  Both persons serve as Officers of the Trust.  Mr.
Bynum also serves as a Trustee of the Trust.  Mr. Cook and Mr. Bynum
are the portfolio managers for the Fund. 
 

Portfolio
Managers

 
The
following individuals serve as portfolio managers for the Fund and are primarily
responsible for the day-to-day management of the Fund’s portfolio:

Richard
P. Cook
 Mr.
Richard P. Cook is a Principal of the Adviser and acts as a portfolio manager
for the Fund. Mr. Cook is also President of the Trust.  Mr. Cook has
been a Principal and Portfolio Manager of the Adviser since the Adviser’s
inception in 2006.  Before forming the Adviser, Mr. Cook managed
individual accounts at BDR Jennings LLC, in Birmingham, Alabama, which also
served as sub-advisor to private investment funds Gullane Capital Partners LLC
and Gullane Capital Partners Encore LLC from August 2001 to December
2006.   Previously, Mr. Cook worked for Tudor Investment
Corporation in Greenwich, Connecticut.  Mr. Cook attended
Hampden-Sydney College where he graduated with a B.S. in Economics and
Mathematics Summa Cum
Laude and was a member of Phi Beta Kappa.  Mr. Cook has
approximately 10 years of investment management experience. 


 



- 11
-





 



J.
Dowe Bynum
Mr. J.
Dowe Bynum is a Principal of the Adviser and acts as a portfolio manager for the
Fund.  Mr. Bynum is also Vice-President& Secretary of Cook &
Bynum Funds Trust (the “Trust”).  Mr. Bynum has been a Principal and
portfolio manager of the Adviser since the Adviser’s inception in
2006.  Before forming the Adviser, Mr. Bynum also managed individual
accounts at BDR Jennings LLC, in Birmingham, Alabama, which also served as
sub-advisor to private investment funds Gullane Capital Partners LLC and Gullane
Capital Partners Encore LLC from August 2001 to December
2006.    Prior to the formation of BDR Jennings LLC, Mr.
Bynum worked as an analyst in the Equities Division of Goldman, Sachs & Co.,
Inc. in New York, New York.  Mr. Bynum attended Princeton University
and graduated with a B.S.E. in Operations Research & Financial Engineering
and a Certificate in Finance.  Mr. Bynum has approximately 9 years of
investment management experience.

 The
table below identifies each member of the portfolio management team and the
number of accounts managed and the total assets in such accounts, within each of
the following categories: registered investment company, privately offered
pooled investment vehicles, and separate accounts.  Information in the
table is shown as of April 30, 2009.  Asset amounts are
approximate and have been rounded. 






 Name 


 Registered
  Investment 
 Company+ 
 
 Total
  Assets through 
 April 30,
2009 


 Other
  Pooled Investment 
 Vehicles 
 
 Total
  Assets through 
 April 30,
2009 


 Other
  Accounts 
 
 
 Total
  Assets through 
 April 30,
2009 




 Number
  of 
 Accounts 


 Total 
 Assets 


 Number 
 of 
 Accounts 


 Total 
 Assets 


 Number
  of 
 Accounts 


 Total 
 Assets 




 Mr.
  Richard P. Cook 


 1 


 0 


 2 


 $48,904,264 


 0 


 0 




 Mr.
  J. Dowe Bynum 


 1 


 0 


 2 


 $48,904,264 


 0 


 0 










 
  


+


The
  portfolio management team does not manage accounts for any other
  Registered Investment Company other than The Cook & Bynum
  Fund.  As of this date, the Fund had not commenced
  operations.






Conflicts
of Interest


The
Adviser seeks to treat all clients (including the Fund and privately offered
pooled investment vehicles) fairly and equitably and has adopted policies and
procedures designed to ensure that no client is disadvantaged over another where
both clients have the ability to invest in similar
securities.  Special attention is paid to situations where the
activities of the Fund may conflict with the activities of other advisory
clients so that the Fund is not disadvantaged. There is no guarantee, however,
that the policies and procedures adopted by the Adviser will be able to detect
and/or prevent every situation in which an actual or potential conflict may
appear.


 



- 12
-





 



Although
all clients of the Adviser have funds managed with the same overall investment
philosophy, not all clients use the same specific investment strategies to
achieve their goals.  Furthermore, different clients of the Adviser
have different restrictions on their permitted activities, whether by statute,
contract or instruction of the client.  As a consequence of employing
differing strategies and taking into account total asset size and investment
restrictions, the Fund and privately-offered pooled vehicles may own different
securities and performance may materially differ.

Specifically,
the pooled investment vehicles are typically permitted to invest without regard
to liquidity, have “lock-up” or other provisions restricting liquidity on behalf
of investors and may pursue strategies not available to the Fund or other
clients including, but not limited to, the use of derivatives, short-selling,
the purchase of unregistered securities in private companies or other
investments prohibited by the 1940 Act, statute, law, charter or
contract.

The Fund
may use specific strategies not employed by privately offered pooled investment
vehicles managed by the Adviser due to its ability to pursue investments in,
among other types of investments, distressed debt, special situations and
illiquid securities.  Furthermore, privately offered pooled investment
vehicles may be more concentrated in specific securities (and therefore generate
higher or lower returns) than the account of the Fund, where concentrations are
limited by the 1940 Act or other statutes.

Other  potential
conflicts include:

Allocation of Limited Time
and Attention.  A portfolio manager who is responsible for
managing multiple funds and/or accounts may devote unequal time and attention to
the management of those funds and/or accounts.  As a result, the
portfolio manager may not be able to formulate as complete a strategy or
identify equally attractive investment opportunities for each of those accounts
as might be the case if he or she were to devote substantially more attention to
the management of a single fund.  The effects of this potential
conflict may be more pronounced where funds and/or accounts overseen by a
particular portfolio manager have different investment strategies.

Allocation of Limited
Investment Opportunities.  If a portfolio manager identifies a
limited investment opportunity that may be suitable for multiple funds and/or
accounts, the opportunity may be allocated among these several funds or
accounts, which may limit a fund’s ability to take full advantage of the
investment opportunity.

Selection of
Brokers/Dealers.  Portfolio managers may be able to select or
influence the selection of the brokers and dealers that are used to execute
securities transactions for the funds and/or account that they
supervise.  In addition to executing trades, some brokers and dealers
provide portfolio managers with brokerage and research services (as those terms
are defined in Section 28(e) of the 1934 Act), which may result in the payment
of higher brokerage fees than might have otherwise been
available.  These services may be more beneficial to certain funds or
accounts than to others.  Although the payment of brokerage
commissions is subject to the requirement that the portfolio manager determine
in good faith that the commissions are reasonable in relation to the value of
the brokerage and research services provided to the fund, a portfolio manager’s
decision as to the selection of brokers and dealers could yield disproportionate
costs and benefits among the funds and/or accounts that he or she
manages.


 



- 13
-





 



Variation in
Compensation.  A conflict of interest may arise where the
financial or other benefits available to the portfolio manager differ among the
funds and/or accounts that he or she manages.  If the structure of the
investment adviser’s management fee and/or the portfolio manager’s compensation
differs among funds and/or accounts (such as where certain funds or accounts pay
higher management fees or performance-based management fees), the portfolio
manager might be motivated
to help certain funds and/or accounts over others.  The portfolio
manager might be motivated to favor funds and/or accounts in which he or she has
an interest or in which the investment advisor and/or its affiliates have
interests.  Similarly, the desire to maintain or raise assets under
management or to enhance the portfolio manager’s performance record or to derive
other rewards, financial or otherwise, could influence the portfolio manager to
lend preferential treatment to those funds and/or accounts that could most
significantly benefit the portfolio manager.

Portfolio
Management Team Compensation

The Trust
does not directly compensate any personnel of the Adviser, including members of
the portfolio management team.

Messrs.
Cook and Bynum’s compensation from the Adviser is in the form of a share of the
Adviser’s total profits.

The
Adviser also receives management fees based on managed assets and may receive
incentive compensation based on profits, if any, of privately offered pooled
investment vehicles.  A portion of any such incentive compensation may
be reallocated to members or partners that are affiliated with the Adviser,
including the members of the portfolio management team.

No member
of the portfolio management team is compensated based directly on the
performance of the Fund or the value of the Fund’s assets.

Ownership
of Fund Securities

 The
following table shows the dollar range of equity securities in the Fund
beneficially owned by Mr. Cook and Mr. Bynum as of May 31,
2009. 






 Name
  of Portfolio Manager 


 Dollar
  Range of Equity Securities in 
 The
  Cook & Bynum Fund 




 Richard
  P. Cook 


 $10,001-50,000 




 J.
  Dowe Bynum 


 $10,001-50,000 





 


 



- 14
-





 



 
 THE
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 The
Trust has entered into an Investment Management Agreement (“Advisory Agreement”)
with the Adviser.  Under the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the
Adviser manages the investment operations of the Fund in accordance with the
Fund’s investment policies and restrictions.  The Adviser furnishes an
investment program for the Fund, determines what investments should be
purchased, sold and held, and makes changes on behalf of the Trust in the
investments of the Fund.  At all times the Adviser's actions on behalf
of the Fund are subject to the overall supervision and review of the
Board.  The Adviser also manages investments for other clients whose
objectives and strategies may result in conflicts of interest with the
Fund.  The Board has been advised of such potential conflicts and
believes that the Adviser has adequate policies and procedures designed to
minimize the impact of any such conflicts on the Fund’s
portfolio. 

The
Advisory Agreement provides that the Adviser shall not be liable for any loss
suffered by the Fund or its shareholders as a consequence of any act or omission
in connection with services under the Advisory Agreement, except by reason of
the Adviser's willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence, or reckless
disregard of its obligations and duties.

 The
Advisory Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2009, has an initial term of two
years, but may be continued thereafter from year to year so long as its
continuance is approved at least annually (a) by the vote of a majority of the
Trustees of the Fund who are not "interested persons" of the Fund or the Adviser
cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval,
and (b) by the Board of Trustees as a whole or by the vote of a majority (as
defined in the 1940 Act) of the outstanding shares of the Fund. 

The
Advisory Agreement will terminate automatically in the event of its assignment
(as defined in the 1940 Act).

Pursuant
to the Advisory Agreement, the Trust pays a management fee to the Adviser for
its provision of investment advisory services to the Fund.  The
management fee is paid at an annual rate equal to 1.5% of the average daily net
assets of the Fund.
 
 
TRUSTEES
AND OFFICERS
 
The Trust
is a Delaware statutory trust and is registered under the 1940 Act, as an
open-end management investment company.  The Fund is the sole series
of the Trust.  The Board has overall responsibility for the conduct of
the Trust’s affairs.  The day-to-day operations of the Fund are
managed by the Adviser, subject to the Trust’s Bylaws and overall supervision
and review by the Board.  The Trustees and Officers of the Trust,
including those Trustees who are also officers, are listed
below.


 



- 15
-





 









 Name,
  Age 
 &
  Address+ 


 Position(s) 
 Held
  with the 
 Trust 


 Term
  of 
 Office
  & 
 Length
  of 
 Time 
 Served** 


 Principal 
 Occupation(s) 
 During
  Past 5 
 Years 


 Funds 
 Overseen 
 by
  Trustee 


 Other 
 Directorships 
 Held
  by Trustee 




 Interested
  Trustees and Officers 




 J.
  Dowe Bynum* 
 Age
  31 


 Trustee,
  Vice President, Secretary 


 Mr.
  Bynum has served as a Trustee of the Trust since March
  2009. 


 Mr. Bynum
  is a Principal of and Portfolio Manager for Cook & Bynum Capital
  Management, LLC since 2006.  From August 2001 to December 2006,
  Mr. Bynum also managed individual accounts at BDR Jennings LLC, in
  Birmingham, Alabama, which also served as sub-advisor to private
  investment funds Gullane Capital Partners LLC and Gullane Capital Partners
  Encore LLC. 


 1 


 None 




 Independent
  Trustees^ 




 David
  A. Hobbs 
 Age
  32 


 Trustee 


 Mr.
  Hobbs has served as a Trustee of the Trust since May
  2009. 


 Mr. Hobbs
  has been a Principal of Founders Investment Banking, LLC since
  June 2003. 


 1 


 None 







 



- 16
-





 









 Name,
  Age 
 &
  Address+ 


 Position(s) 
 Held
  with the 
 Trust 


 Term
  of 
 Office
  & 
 Length
  of 
 Time 
 Served** 


 Principal 
 Occupation(s) 
 During
  Past 5 
 Years 


 Funds 
 Overseen 
 by
  Trustee 


 Other 
 Directorships 
 Held
  by Trustee 




 Bruce
  F. Rogers 
 Age
  50 


 Trustee 


 Mr.
  Rogers has served as a Trustee of the Trust since May
  2009. 


 Mr. Rogers
  has been a Partner with the law firm of Bainbridge, Mims, Rogers &
  Smith LLP (law firm) since January 1990. 


 1 


 None 





 
+ Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each Trustee of the Trust is 2204 Lakeshore
Drive, Suite 218, Birmingham, AL  35209.
 
 * Mr.
Bynum is an interested person, as defined in the 1940 Act, of the Trust because
of his affiliation with the Adviser. 
 
^
Trustees who are not “interested persons” of the Trust as defined under the 1940
Act.
 
** Each
Trustee serves for an indefinite term.  Each officer serves for an
annual term and until his or her successor is elected and
qualified.
 
Additional
Officers of the Trust
 





 Name,
  Age and 
 Address+ 


 Position(s) 
 Held 
 with
  the Trust 


 Term
  of Office & 
 Length
  of Time Served* 


 Principal
  Occupation(s) 
 During
  Past 5 Years 




 Richard
  P. Cook 
 Age
  31 


 President 


 Mr.
  Cook has served as President of the Trust since March
  2009. 


 Since
  2006, Mr. Cook has served as a Principal of and Portfolio Manager for
  Cook & Bynum Capital Management, LLC.  From August 2001 to
  December 2006, Mr. Bynum also managed individual accounts at BDR Jennings
  LLC, in Birmingham, Alabama, which also served as sub-advisor to private
  investment funds Gullane Capital Partners LLC and Gullane Capital Partners
  Encore LLC .







 



- 17
-





 









 Benjamin
  Lowe 
 Age
  30 
 c/o
  ALPS Advisors, Inc. 1290 Broadway, Suite 1100 Denver, CO
80203 


 Treasurer 


 Mr.
  Lowe has served as the Treasurer of the Trust since May
  2009. 


 Mr.
  Lowe is Fund Controller with ALPS Fund Services, Inc. since
  2005.  Mr. Lowe was  Accounting Team Leader, Founders
  Asset Management, from 2003 to 2005.  Prior to joining Founders
  Asset Management, Mr. Lowe was Senior Fund Accountant, INVESCO, from 2000
  to 2003. 




 Phillip
  Perrone 
 Age
  50 
 c/o
  ALPS Advisors, Inc. 1290 Broadway, Suite 1100 Denver, CO
80203 


 Chief
  Compliance Officer 


 Mr.
  Perrone has served as Chief Compliance Officer of the Trust since May,
  2009. 


 Mr.
  Perrone is Deputy Compliance Officer with ALPS since April 2007. Mr.
  Perrone was Vice President and CCO for Dividend Capital Realty Income Fund
  and Dividend Capital Investments, LLC from January 2004 through March
  2007.  Prior to joining Dividend Capital, Mr. Perrone was a
  Compliance Manager at OppenheimerFunds, Inc., from
  1998–2004.  Mr. Perrone serves as CCO for Liberty All-Star
  Growth Fund,  Liberty All-Star Equity Fund, TDX Independence
  Funds, since 2007; WisdomTree Trust, since 2008. 




 Ashley
  Buha 
 Age
  34 


 Vice
  President and Assistant Secretary 


 Ms. Buha
  has served as the Vice President and Assistant Secretary of the Trust
  since May 2009. 


 Since
  January 2009, Ms. Buha has served as Director of Mutual Fund Operations
  for Cook & Bynum Capital Management, LLC. Ms. Buha was Director of
  Operations for Jason Buha, LLC (golf conglomerate) from 2001 to January
  2009 and also an accountant and assistant to the CFO for the YWCA of
  Central Alabama from 2007 to
2008. 







 



- 18
-





 



 
+ Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each Officer of the Trust is 2204 Lakeshore
Drive, Suite 218, Birmingham, AL 35209.
 
 * Each
officer serves until his or her successor is elected and
qualified. 
 
  The
Board of Trustees has two standing committees - the Audit Committee and the
Nominating Committee. 
 
 Audit
Committee 
 
 The
Board has formed an Audit Committee to (a.) oversee the series of the Trust’s
(the “Funds”) accounting and financial reporting policies and practices, and its
internal controls; (b) to oversee the quality and objectivity of the Funds’
financial statements and the independent audit thereof; and (c)to act as a
liaison between the Funds’ independent auditors and the full
Board.  The Audit Committee has adopted a charter to govern such
activities.  The members of the Audit Committee are: David Hobbs and
Bruce Rogers. 
 
 Nominating
Committee 
 
 The
Board has formed a Nominating Committee (“Nominating Committee”).  The
Nominating Committee will recommend nominees to the Board for election and
periodically review the composition of the Board. The members of the Nominating
Committee are: David Hobbs and Bruce Rogers. 
 
Compensation
 
 During
the fiscal year ended 2009, each Trustee who is not an "interested person" of
the Fund (i.e., an “Independent Trustee”) shall receive an annual retainer of
$5,000 with an additional $2,500 paid to the Chairman of the Audit
Committee.  All Trustees are permitted reimbursement for any
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at
meetings. 
 
 Because
the Trust is newly organized, the Trust has not yet paid any compensation to its
Trustees.  The following table illustrates amounts estimated to be
paid for the Fund’s initial fiscal year. 
 


 



- 19
-





 









NAME
  OF
TRUSTEE


AGGREGATE
COMPENSATION
FROM
  THE FUND


PENSION
  OR
RETIREMENT
BENEFITS
ACCRUED
  AS
PART
  OF
FUND’S
EXPENSES


ESTIMATED
ANNUAL
BENEFITS
UPON
RETIREMENT


TOTAL
COMPENSATION
PAID
  TO
TRUSTEE




J.
  Dowe Bynum


$-0-


$-0-


$-0-


$-0-




 David
  A. Hobbs* ^ 


 $7,500 


 $-0- 


 $-0- 


 $7,500 




 Bruce
  F. Rogers* 


 $5,000 


 $-0- 


 $-0- 


 $5,000 






 *  Directors
who are not “interested persons” of the Trust as defined under the
1940  Act. 
 ^  Designates
Chairman of the Audit Committee 
 
 The
amounts in the preceding table are based on estimates for the Fund’s initial
fiscal year ending on September 30, 2009. 
 
Trustee Ownership of Fund
Shares
 
 As of
May 31, 2009, the Trustees owned the following aggregate amounts of Fund
Shares: 
 





 NAME
  OF TRUSTEE 


 DOLLAR
  RANGE OF FUND 
 SHARES
  HELD IN THE 
 FUND 


 AGGREGATE
  DOLLAR 
 RANGE
  IN ALL FUNDS 
 OVERSEEN
  BY TRUSTEE 
 IN
  COMPANY 




 J.
  Dowe Bynum 


 $10,001
  - $50,000 


 $10,001
  - $50,000 




 David
  A. Hobbs 


 None 


 None 




 Bruce
  F. Rogers 


 None 


 None 





 
 As of
May 31, 2009 the Trustees and officers of the Fund (and their affiliates), as a
group, owned 100% of the Fund's outstanding shares as a result of
Mr. Cook’s and Mr. Bynum’s ownership interest in the
Fund. 

CONTROL
PERSONS AND SHAREHOLDERS OWNING IN EXCESS OF 5% OF FUND SHARES

 As of
the date of this SAI, Mr. Cook, 125 Lake Drive, Birmingham,
AL  35213,  and Mr. Bynum, 14 Stonehurst Green, Birmingham,
AL 35213, each own 50% of the outstanding shares of the Fund. 

 Shareholders
owning more than 25% of the shares of the Fund are considered to “control” the
Fund as that term is defined under the 1940 Act.  Persons controlling
the Fund can determine the outcome of any proposal submitted to the shareholders
for approval, including changes to the Fund’s fundamental policies or the terms
of the management agreement with the Adviser.  After the public
offering commences, it is anticipated that Mr. Cook and Mr. Bynum, will no
longer control the Fund. 


 



- 20
-





 



PURCHASING
AND REDEEMING SHARES

 Purchases
and redemptions of the Fund's shares will be made at net asset value
(“NAV”).  The Fund's per share NAV is computed on all days on which
the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) is open for business and is based on
closing prices of the Fund’s portfolio securities as of the close of regular
trading hours on the NYSE, currently 4:00 p.m., EST.  In the event
that the NYSE closes early, NAV will be determined based on prices prevailing as
of the close of trading on the NYSE.  For purposes of computing the
NAV of a share of the Fund, securities traded on securities exchanges or in the
over-the-counter market in which transaction prices are reported are valued at
the last sales price at the time of valuation or, lacking any reported sales on
that day, at the most recent bid quotations. 

The Fund
generally determines the total value of its shares by using market prices for
the securities comprising its portfolio.  Securities for which
quotations are not available or deemed unreliable as well as restricted
securities (and any other assets) are valued at a fair value as determined in
good faith by the Adviser pursuant to the Fund’s fair value pricing procedures,
subject to the review and supervision of the Board.

 The
Adviser may use fair value pricing under circumstances that include, but are not
limited to, the early closing of the exchange on which a security is traded or
suspension of trading in the security.  In addition, the Fund may use
fair value pricing for securities traded in non-U.S. markets because, among
other factors, foreign markets may be closed on days or times when U.S. markets
are open and some markets may remain open after the Fund values its securities
at 4:00 p.m., EST. 

When the
Fund holds securities traded in foreign markets that are open when U.S. markets
are closed, significant events, including company specific developments or broad
foreign market moves may affect the value of foreign securities held by the
Fund.  Consequently, the Fund’s NAV may be affected during a period
when shareholders are unable to purchase or redeem their shares in the
Fund.  While fair value pricing may be more commonly used with foreign
equity securities, it may also be used with thinly-traded domestic securities,
fixed income securities or other assets held by the Fund.

 The
Fund’s share price is calculated by subtracting its liabilities from the closing
fair market value of its total assets and then dividing the result by the total
number of shares outstanding on that day.  Fund liabilities include
accrued expenses and dividends payable, and its total assets include the market
value of the portfolio securities as well as income accrued but not yet
received.  Since the Fund does not charge sales fees, the NAV is the
offering price for shares of the Fund.  The price per share for a
purchase order or redemption request is the NAV next determined after receipt of
the order. 

The right
of redemption may not be suspended or the date of payment upon redemption
postponed for more than seven days after shares are tendered for redemption,
except for any period during which the NYSE is closed (other than customary
weekend and holiday closings) or during which the SEC determines that trading
thereon is restricted, or for any period during which an emergency (as
determined by the SEC) exists as a result of which disposal by the Fund of
securities owned by it is not reasonably practicable or as a result of which it
is not reasonably practicable for the Fund fairly to determine the value of its
net assets, or for such other periods as the SEC may by order permit for the
protection of security holders of the Fund.


 



- 21
-





 



PORTFOLIO
TRANSACTIONS
 
Decisions
to buy and sell securities for the Fund are made by the Adviser.  In
placing purchase and sale orders for portfolio securities for the Fund, it is
the policy of the Adviser to seek the best execution of orders at the most
favorable price.  In selecting brokers to effect portfolio
transactions, the determination of what is expected to result in the best
execution at the most favorable price involves a number of largely judgmental
considerations.  Among these are the Adviser's evaluation of the
broker’s efficiency in executing and clearing transactions, the rate of
commission or the size of the broker-dealer’s “spread”, the size and difficulty
of the order, the nature of the market for the security, operational
capabilities of the broker-dealer, and research services
provided.  The Adviser will not take into account the sale of Fund
shares when selecting brokers to execute portfolio transactions.
 
The
Adviser may purchase or sell portfolio securities on behalf of the Fund in
agency or principal transactions.  In agency transactions, the Fund
generally pays brokerage commissions.  In principal transactions, the
Fund generally does not pay commissions.  However, the price paid for
the security may include an undisclosed commission or “mark-up” or selling
concessions.  The Adviser normally purchases fixed-income securities
on a net basis from primary market makers acting as principals for the
securities.  The Adviser may purchase certain money market instruments
directly from an issuer without paying commissions or
discounts.  Over-the-counter securities are generally purchased and
sold directly with principal market makers who retain the difference in their
cost in the security and its selling price.  In some instances, the
Adviser feels that better prices are available from non-principal market makers
who are paid commissions directly.
 
The
Adviser may combine transaction orders placed on behalf of the Fund with orders
placed on behalf of any other advisory client, including any partnership or
private account where principals and employees of the Adviser have an interest,
for the purposes of obtaining a more favorable transaction price or achieving
fair and equitable allocations.  If an aggregated trade is not
completely filled, then the Adviser allocates the trade among the Fund and other
advisory clients, as applicable, on a pro rata basis or such other allocation
method that, in the opinion of the Adviser, will result in fairness to all
participants.  Exemptions to trade allocation policies are permitted
on a case-by-case basis when judged by the Adviser to be fair and reasonable to
the Fund and any other accounts involved.  For example, allocation of
investments among other advisory clients and the Fund may not be similar due to,
among other reasons, differences in investment objectives, investment strategies
and policies, investment restrictions, cash positions, timing and/or asset
size.  Since the Fund’s objective will differ at times from those of
other advisory clients, it is possible the Fund may not participate in certain
aggregated trades or may purchase or sell securities not owned by other advisory
clients, and advisory clients may purchase or own securities not purchased or
owned by the Fund.
 
TRADING
BY THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER
 
 Pursuant
to Section 17(j) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17j-1 thereunder, the Fund, the
Adviser, and ALPS Distributor, Inc., the Fund’s distributor have adopted Codes
of Ethics restricting personal securities trading by the Fund's Portfolio
Manager.  These Codes are on public file, and are available from the
Securities and Exchange Commission.  While the Codes permit personal
transactions by the Portfolio Manager in securities held or to be acquired by
the Fund, the Codes prohibit and are designed to prevent fraudulent activity in
connection with such personal transactions. 
 


 



- 22
-





 



ADMINISTRATOR
 
 Pursuant
to a Fund Accounting and Administration Agreement, ALPS Fund Services, Inc.,
with principal offices at 1290 Broadway, Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado 80203,
serves as administrator to the Fund (“ALPS” or the “Administrator”), and has
agreed to pay expenses incurred in connection with its administrative
activities.  As Administrator, ALPS has agreed: to assist in
maintaining the Fund’s office; furnish the Fund with clerical and certain other
services required by them; compile data for and prepare notices and semi-annual
reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission; calculate the Fund’s daily
NAV; prepare any reports that are required by the securities, investment, tax or
other laws and regulations of the United States; prepare filings with state
securities commissions; coordinate federal and state tax returns; monitor the
Fund’s expense accruals; monitor compliance with the Fund’s investment policies
and limitations; and generally assist in the Fund’s operations.  The
table below provides the administrative fee to be paid by the Fund to ALPS
pursuant to the Fund Accounting and Administration Agreement: The greater of (i)
$155,000 annually, billed monthly in equal installments; or (ii) an annual
administrative fee, billed monthly, in the amount of: 





  
  


 (i) 


 5
  basis points of Fund’s average net assets between $0 - $1 billion;
  and 








  
  


 (ii) 


 4
  basis points of Fund’s average net assets between $1 billion - $3 billion;
  and 








  
  


 (iii) 


 3
  basis points of Fund’s average net assets over $3
  billion. 





DISTRIBUTOR
 
 ALPS
Distributors, Inc. (an affiliate of ALPS) (“ADI” or the “Distributor”), with
principal offices at 1290 Broadway, Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado 80203, acts as
the distributor of the Fund’s shares pursuant to a Distribution Agreement with
the Trust.  Shares are sold on a continuous basis by ADI as agent for
the Fund, and ADI has agreed to use its best efforts to solicit orders for the
sale of Fund shares, although it is not obliged to sell any particular amount of
shares.  ADI is not entitled to any compensation for its services as
Distributor.  ADI is registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

The
Distribution Agreement may be terminated by either party upon 60 days' prior
written notice to the other party.
 
TRANSFER
AGENT
 
 ALPS,
pursuant to a Transfer Agency and Service Agreement, serves as Transfer Agent
for the Fund.  As Transfer Agent, ALPS has, among other things, agreed
to: issue and redeem shares of the Fund; make dividend and other distributions
to shareholders of the Fund; effect transfers of shares; mail communications to
shareholders of the Fund, including account statements, confirmations, and
dividend and distribution notices; facilitate the electronic delivery of
shareholder statements and reports; and maintain shareholder
accounts.  Under the Transfer Agency and Service Agreement, ALPS
receives from the Trust an annual minimum fee, a fee based upon the number of
shareholder accounts and is also reimbursed for out-of-pocket
expenses. 
 
CUSTODIAN
 
 Fifth
Third Bank, Fifth Third Center 38 Fountain Square Plaza, MD 1090CD, OH 45263
(“Fifth Third”), acts as custodian for the Fund.  As such, Fifth Third
holds all securities and cash of the Fund, delivers and receives payment for
securities sold, receives and pays for securities purchased, collects income
from investments and performs other duties, all as directed by officers of the
Trust.  Fifth Third does not exercise any supervisory function over
management of the Fund, the purchase and sale of securities or the payment of
distributions to shareholders. 
 



 



- 23
-





 





 INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Cohen
Fund Audit Services will serve as the Trust's independent registered public
accounting firm for its first fiscal year. 
 
LEGAL
COUNSEL
 
Alston
& Bird, LLP, 950 F Street, Washington, DC 20004, has passed on certain
matters relating to this registration statement and acts as counsel to the
Trust.
 
TAX
INFORMATION
 
The
information set forth in the Prospectus and the following discussion relate
solely to U.S. federal income tax law and assumes that the Fund qualifies to be
taxed as a regulated investment company (as discussed below).  Such
information is only a summary of certain key federal income tax considerations
and is based on current law.  No attempt has been made to present a
complete explanation of the federal tax treatment of the Fund or its
shareholders.  Investors should consult their own tax advisers with
respect to the specific tax consequences of being a shareholder in the Fund,
including the effect and applicability of federal, state, local and foreign tax
laws to their own particular situations.
 
 Qualification as a Regulated
Investment Company.  The Fund intends to qualify as a regulated
investment company (“RIC”) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, so as to be relieved of federal income tax on its capital
gains and net investment income currently distributed to its
shareholders.  To qualify as a RIC, the Fund must, among other
requirements, derive at least 90% of its gross income from dividends, interest,
payments with respect to securities loans, gains from the sale or other
disposition of stock, securities, or foreign currencies, or other income derived
with respect to its business of investing in such stock, securities, or foreign
currencies and net income derived from interests in certain publicly traded
partnerships. 
 
If for
any tax year the Fund does not qualify as a RIC, all of its taxable income will
be subject to tax at regular corporate rates without any deduction for dividends
paid to shareholders, and the dividends will be taxable to shareholders as
ordinary dividends to the extent of the Fund's current and accumulated earnings
and profits.  Failure to qualify as a RIC would thus have a negative
impact on the Fund's income and performance.  It is possible that the
Fund will not qualify as a RIC in any given tax year.
 
If the
Fund qualifies as a RIC and distributes at least 90% of its investment company
taxable income (taxable interest, dividends, net short-term capital gains and
other taxable ordinary income, net of expenses), the Fund will not be subject to
federal income tax on the investment company taxable income and net capital gain
(the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses)
distributed.  However, the Fund would be subject to corporate income
tax on any undistributed income other than tax-exempt income from municipal
securities.
 
The Fund
intends to distribute to shareholders, at least annually, substantially all net
investment income and any net capital gain.  Dividends from net
investment income and distributions from any net realized capital gains are
reinvested in additional shares of the Fund unless the shareholder has requested
in writing to have them paid by check.
 
 Excise
Tax.  The Fund will avoid the 4% federal excise tax that would
otherwise apply to certain undistributed income for a given calendar year if it
makes timely distributions to shareholders equal to the sum of (i) 98% of its
ordinary income for such year, (ii) 98% of its capital gain net income for the
twelve-month period ending on October 31 of such year, and (iii) any
ordinary income or capital gain net income from the preceding calendar year that
was not distributed during such year.  For this purpose, income or
gain retained by the Fund that is subject to corporate income tax will be
considered to have been distributed by the Fund during such year.  The
Fund intends to make sufficient distributions to avoid liability for the excise
tax.  The Fund may be required to liquidate portfolio investments to
make sufficient distributions to avoid excise tax liability. 
 


 



- 24
-





 



Taxation of the
Non-Corporate Shareholder.  Distributions of the Fund's
investment company taxable income are taxable to you as ordinary
income.  A portion of the Fund’s distributions may be treated as
“qualified dividend income,” which may be taxable through 2010 to individuals,
trusts and estates at lower federal tax rates.  A distribution is
treated as qualified dividend income to the extent that the Fund receives
dividend income from taxable domestic corporations and certain qualified foreign
corporations, provided that holding period and other requirements are
met.  To the extent the Fund's distributions are attributable to other
sources, such as interest or capital gains, the distributions are not treated as
qualified dividend income.
 
Distributions
of the Fund’s net short-term capital gains (from dispositions of securities held
for one year or less at the time of sale or exchange) are taxable to you as
ordinary income.  Distributions of the Fund’s net long-term capital
gains are taxable to you as long-term capital gains (from dispositions of
securities held for more than one year at the time of the sale or
exchange).
 
Distributions
that do not constitute ordinary income dividends or capital gain dividends will
be treated as a return of capital.  A return of capital distributions
reduces your tax basis in the shares and is treated as gain from the sale of the
shares to the extent your basis would be reduced below zero.
 
All
distributions will be treated in the manner described above regardless of
whether the distribution is paid in cash or reinvested in additional shares of
the Fund.
 
Taxable
distributions generally are included in a shareholder’s gross income for the
taxable year in which they are received.  However, dividends declared
in October, November and December and made payable to shareholders of record in
such month will be deemed to have been received on December 31st if paid by the
Fund during the following January.
 
Distributions
by the Fund will result in a reduction in the fair market value of the Fund's
shares.  Should a distribution reduce the fair market value below a
shareholder's cost basis, such distribution would be taxable to the shareholder
as ordinary income or as a long-term capital gain, even though, from an
investment standpoint, it may constitute a partial return of
capital.  In particular, investors should be careful to consider the
tax implications of buying shares of the Fund just prior to a
distribution.  The price of such shares includes the amount of any
forthcoming distribution so that those investors may receive a return of
investment upon distribution which will, nevertheless, be taxable to
them.
 
A portion
of the Fund's income may qualify for the dividends-received deduction available
to corporate shareholders to the extent that the Fund’s income is derived from
qualifying dividends from domestic corporations.  Because the Fund may
earn other types of income, such as interest, income from securities loans,
non-qualifying dividends and short-term capital gains, the percentage of
dividends from the Fund that qualifies for the deduction generally will be less
than 100%.  The Fund will notify corporate shareholders annually of
the percentage of Fund dividends that qualifies for the dividends received
deduction.
 


 



- 25
-





 



If a
shareholder fails to furnish his social security or other taxpayer
identification number or to certify properly that it is correct, the Fund may be
required to withhold federal income tax at the rate of 28% (backup withholding)
from dividend, capital gain and redemption payments to him.  Dividend
and capital gain payments may also be subject to backup withholding if the
shareholder fails to certify properly that he is not subject to backup
withholding due to the under-reporting of certain income.  The Fund
will send each shareholder a notice in January describing the tax status of
dividends and capital gain distributions for the prior year.
 
 In
general, you will recognize a gain or loss on a sale or exchange of shares of
the Fund in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of your net
sales proceeds and your tax basis in the shares.  All or a portion of
any such loss may be disallowed if you purchase (for example, by reinvesting
dividends) other shares of the Fund within 30 days before or after the sale or
exchange.  If disallowed, the loss will be reflected in an upward
adjustment to the basis of the shares purchased.  In general, any gain
or loss will be capital gain or loss if you held your Fund shares as capital
assets.  Any capital gain or loss will be treated as long-term capital
gain or loss if you held the Fund shares for more than one year at the time of
the sale or exchange.  Any capital loss arising from the sale or
exchange of shares held for one year or less is treated as a long-term capital
loss to the extent of the amount of distributions of net capital gain received
on such shares and is otherwise treated as short-term capital
loss. 
 
Investment
income received from sources within foreign countries, or capital gains earned
by the Fund investing in securities of foreign issuers, may be subject to
foreign income taxes withheld at the source.  In this regard,
withholding tax rates in countries with which the United States does not have a
tax treaty are often as high as 35% or more.    You will not
be able to claim a credit for such taxes on your federal income tax return
unless more than 50% of the value of our assets is attributable to foreign
stocks and securities and we make an election to pass through foreign tax
credits.
 
If the
Fund acquires stock in certain foreign corporations that receive at least 75% of
their annual gross income from passive sources (such as interest, dividends,
rents, royalties or capital gain) or hold at least 50% of their total assets in
investments producing such passive income (“passive foreign investment
companies”), the Fund could be subject to federal income tax and additional
interest charges on “excess distributions” received from such companies or gain
from the sale of stock in such companies, even if all income or gain actually
received by the Fund is timely distributed to its shareholders.
 
Foreign
exchange gains and losses realized by the Fund in connection with certain
transactions involving non-dollar debt securities, certain foreign currency
futures contracts, foreign currency option contracts, foreign currency forward
contracts, foreign currencies, or payables or receivables denominated in a
foreign currency are subject to Code provisions that generally treat such gains
and losses as ordinary income and losses and may affect the amount, timing and
character of distributions to shareholders.
 
GENERAL
INFORMATION
 
The Fund
does not issue share certificates.  All shares are held in non-certificated
form registered on the books of the Fund and the transfer agent for the account
of the shareholder.  Each share of a series represents an equal
proportionate interest in the assets and liabilities belonging to that series
with each other share of that series and is entitled to such dividends and
distributions out of income belonging to the series as are declared by the
Trustees.  The shares do not have cumulative voting rights or any
preemptive or conversion rights, and the Trustees have the authority from time
to time to divide or combine the shares of any series into a greater or lesser
number of shares of that series so long as the proportionate beneficial interest
in the assets belonging to that series and the rights of shares of any other
series are in no way affected.  In case of any liquidation of a series, the
holders of shares of the series being liquidated will be entitled to receive as
a class a distribution out of the assets, net of the liabilities, belonging to
that series.  Expenses attributable to any series are borne by that series.
 Any general expenses of the Trust not readily identifiable as belonging to
a particular series are allocated by or under the direction of the Trustees in
such manner as the Trustees determine to be fair and equitable.  No
shareholder is liable to further calls or to assessment by the Trust without his
or her express consent.  The shares are redeemable and are freely
transferable.  All shares issued and sold by the Fund will be fully
paid and nonassessable.
 


 



- 26
-





 



According
to the law of Delaware under which the Trust is established, and the Trust’s
Bylaws, the Trust is not required to hold an annual meeting of shareholders
unless required to do so under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended.  Accordingly, the Trust will not hold annual shareholder
meetings unless required to do so under the Act.  Shareholders do have
the right to call a meeting of shareholders for the purpose of voting to remove
trustees.  Any Trustee may be removed at any meeting of the
Shareholders by a vote of at least 75% of the Fund’s outstanding common
shares.
 
The Agreement and Declaration of Trust can be amended by
the Trustees, except that any amendment that adversely affects the rights of
shareholders must be approved by the shareholders affected.  All shares of
the Fund are subject to involuntary redemption if the Trustees determine to
liquidate the Fund.  An involuntary redemption will create a capital gain
or a capital loss, which may have tax consequences about which you should
consult your tax adviser.
 
PROXY
VOTING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES
 
 The
Board has approved proxy voting policies and procedures for the
Trust.  A copy of the Trust’s proxy voting policies and procedures is
attached to this SAI as Appendix A.  These procedures set forth
guidelines and procedures for the voting of proxies relating to securities held
by the Fund.  Records of the Fund’s proxy voting records are
maintained and are available for inspection.  The Board is responsible
for overseeing the implementation of the procedures.  When applicable,
information regarding how the Fund voted proxies relating to portfolio
securities during the most recent 12-month period will be available (i) without
charge on the Fund’s website www.cookandbynum.com; upon request, by calling
Shareholder Services toll free at 1-877-839-COBY; or by writing to the Trust at
c/o ALPS Fund Services, Inc., 1290 Broadway, Suite 1100; Denver, CO 80203 and
(ii) on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 
PERFORMANCE
INFORMATION
 
[From
time to time the Fund may quote total return figures.  "Total Return"
for a period is the percentage change in value during the period of an
investment in Fund shares, including the value of shares acquired through
reinvestment of all dividends and capital gains
distributions.  "Average Annual Total Return" is the average annual
compounded rate of change in value represented by the Total Return Percentage
for the period.
 
Average
Annual Total Return is computed as follows: P(1+T)[n]  =
ERV
 




Where:


P =
  a hypothetical initial investment of
$1000




T =
average annual total return
n =
number of years
ERV =
ending redeemable value of shares at the end of the period


 



- 27
-





 



The
Fund's performance is a function of conditions in the securities markets,
portfolio management, and operating expenses.  Although information
such as that shown above is useful in reviewing the Fund's performance and in
providing some basis for comparison with other investment alternatives, it
should not be used for comparison with other investments using different
reinvestment assumptions or time periods.

In sales
literature, the Fund's performance may be compared with that of market indices
and other mutual funds.  In addition to the above computations, the
Fund might use comparative performance as computed in a ranking determined by
Lipper Analytical Services, Morningstar, Inc., or that of another
service.

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
 
 Audited
financial statements as of May 26, 2009 with respect to the Fund are included as
part of this document, and have been audited by Cohen Fund Audit Services,
Ltd. 
 


 



- 28
-





 





Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm



 To the
Shareholders and Board of Trustees 
 The
Cook & Bynum Fund 

 We
have audited the accompanying statement of assets and liabili­ties of The
Cook & Bynum Fund (the “Fund”), as of May 26, 2009 and the related statement
of operations for the one day then ended.  These financial statements
are the responsi­bility of the Fund’s management.  Our
responsibility is to ex­press an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audit. 

 We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of
cash as of May 26, 2009, by correspondence with the Fund’s
custodian.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our
opinion, the financial statements referred to above presents fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of The Cook & Bynum Fund as of May
26, 2009, and the results of its operations for the one day then ended, in
conformity with accounting princi­ples generally accepted in the United
States of America. 





 Cohen
Fund Audit Services, Ltd. 
 Westlake,
Ohio 
 June
1, 2009 
 






- 29
-










 
 

 The
Cook & Bynum Fund 
 Statement
of Assets and Liabilities 
 May
26, 2009 




  
  
   

 The Cook & Bynum
  Fund 

   



 Assets: 

   
   
   



 Cash 

   
 $ 
 100,000 
   



 Deferred
  Offering Costs 

   
   
 163,447 
   



 Receivable
  from Adviser 

   
   
 93,108 
   



      Total
  Assets 

   
   
 356,555 
   


  
  
   
   
   
   



 Liabilities: 

   
   
   
   



 Accrued
  Offering Costs 

   
 $ 
 163,447 
   



 Payable
  to Adviser 

   
   
 93,108 
   



      Total
  Liabilities 

   
   
 256,555 
   


  
  
   
   
   
   



 Net
  Assets 

   
 $ 
 100,000 
   


  
  
   
   
   
   



 Composition
  of Net Assets: 

   
   
   
   



 Paid
  in Capital 

   
   
 100,000 
   


  
  
   
   
   
   



 Net
  Assets 

   
 $ 
 100,000 
   


  
  
   
   
   
   


  
  
   
   
   
   



 Net
  Asset Value Per Share 

   
 $ 
 10.00 
   


  
  
   
   
   
   



 Shares
  of beneficial interest 

   
   
   
   



   outstanding
  of no par value, 

   
   
   
   



   unlimited
  shares authorized 

   
   
 10,000 
   






 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 






- 30
-










 The
Cook & Bynum Fund 
 Statement
of Operations 
 For the
one day ended 5/26/2009

 




 Expenses: 

   
   
   



 Organizational
  Expenses 

   
 $ 
 93,108 
   


  
  
   
   
   
   



 Total
  Expenses 

   
   
 93,108 
   



 Expense
  Limitation 

   
   
 (93,108 
 ) 



 Net
  Expenses 

   
   
 - 
   


  
  
   
   
   
   



 Net
  Investment Income 

   
 $ 
 - 
   






 The
accompanying notes are an integral
part of these statements. 







- 31
-










 


 THE
COOK & BYNUM FUND 

NOTES TO STATEMENT OF ASSETS
AND LIABILITIES


 NOTE
1 - ORGANIZATION 

 The Cook & Bynum Fund (the “Fund”)
was organized as a non-diversified series of the Cook & Bynum Funds Trust
(the “Trust”) on March
18, 2009. The Trust is an open-end investment
company established under the laws of Delaware by an Agreement and Declaration
of Trust dated March 18, 2009 (the “Trust Agreement”).  The affairs of the Trust
are managed by a Board of Trustees (the “Board”).  The investment adviser to the Fund is
Cook & Bynum Capital Management, LLC (the “Adviser”).  The
Board has delegated the day-to-day operations of the Fund to the Adviser, which
operates the Fund under the Board’s general supervision. The Fund's investment
objective is long-term growth of capital. 
 
 The
Trust’s Declaration of Trust permits the Board to issue an unlimited number of
shares of beneficial interest.  The Board has the power to designate
one or more separate and distinct series and/or classes of shares of beneficial
interest and to classify or reclassify any unissued shares with respect to such
series.  Currently, the Fund is the only series of shares being
offered by the Trust. Shares issued by the Fund are subject to a 2% redemption
fee, if redeemed within 60 days of purchase. 
 
 To
date, the Fund has not had any transactions other than those relating to
organizational matters and the sale of 10,000 shares of beneficial interest to
the principals of the Adviser. The following individuals owned beneficially, as
of May 26, 2009, 25% or greater of the Fund’s outstanding
shares: 





 Principle
  Name 


 Percentage 




 J.
  Dowe Bynum 


 50% 




 Richard
  P. Cook 


 50% 





 Organizational
expenses are borne by the Fund and consist of costs incurred to set up and
organize the Fund to legally commence operations. Offering costs are borne by
the Fund and consist of legal fees related to preparing the initial registration
statement and initial listing fees, and will be amortized over a 12 month period
beginning with the commencement of operations of the Fund. 

 NOTE
2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 The
net asset value (“NAV”) of the common shares will be computed based upon the
value of the securities and other assets and liabilities held by the Fund. The
NAV is determined as of the close of regular trading on the NYSE (normally
4:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time) on each day the NYSE is open for trading.
Portfolio securities traded on a national securities exchange or in the
over-the-counter market are valued at the closing price on the principal
exchange or market as of the close of regular trading hours on the day the
securities are being valued, or, lacking any sales, at the latest bid price.
Foreign securities are valued on the basis of quotations from the primary market
in which they are traded, and are translated from the local currency into U.S.
dollars using exchange rates as of the close of the New York Stock Exchange.
Debt securities are stated at fair value as furnished by an independent pricing
service based upon modeling techniques utilizing information concerning market
transactions and dealer quotations for similar securities or by dealers who make
markets in such securities. Securities and other assets for which quotations are
not readily available or deemed unreliable are valued at their fair value using
methods determined by the Board of Trustees. 
 






- 32
-









 
 The Fund’s financial statement is
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.  This requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, and disclosure
for contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement.
Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 
 The
Fund’s policy is to comply with the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code
applicable to regulated investment companies and to distribute all of its
taxable income to its shareholders.  Therefore, no federal income tax
provision is required. 
 
 NOTE
3 - INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT 
 
 The
Trust has entered into an Investment Advisory Agreement (“Advisory Agreement”)
with the Adviser.  Under the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the
Adviser manages the investment operations of the Fund in accordance with the
Fund’s investment policies and restrictions.  The Adviser furnishes an
investment program for the Fund, determines what investments should be
purchased, sold and held, and makes changes on behalf of the Trust in the
investments of the Fund.  At all times, the Adviser's actions on
behalf of the Fund are subject to the overall supervision and review of the
Board.  The Adviser also manages investments for other clients whose
objectives and strategies may result in conflicts of interest with the
Fund.  The Board has been advised of such potential conflicts and
believes that the Adviser has adequate policies and procedures designed to
minimize the impact of any such conflicts on the Fund’s
portfolio. 

 Pursuant
to the Advisory Agreement, the Trust pays a management fee to the Adviser for
its provision of investment advisory services to the Fund.  The
management fee is paid at an annual rate equal to 1.5% of the average daily net
assets of the Fund. 
 
 Pursuant
to the Expense Limitation Agreement, the Advisor has agreed to waive or
reimburse the Fund for operating expenses (as defined by the Expense Limitation
Agreement), to the extent necessary to maintain the Fund’s net annual operating
expenses at 1.88% of average daily net assets through February 1, 2011. Each
waiver/reimbursement is subject to repayment by the Fund within three years of
when the waiver/reimbursement was made, but only to the extent it does not cause
the operating expenses to exceed 1.88% of average daily net
assets. 
 
 Certain
officers of the Fund are also officers and owners of the
Adviser. 
 
 NOTE
4 – OTHER AGREEMENTS 

 Administrative
Agreement 

 Pursuant
to a Fund Accounting and Administration Agreement, ALPS Fund Services, Inc.,
serves as administrator to the Fund (“ALPS” or the “Administrator”), and has
agreed to pay expenses incurred in connection with its administrative
activities.  As Administrator, ALPS has agreed to: assist in
maintaining the Fund’s office; furnish the Fund with clerical and certain other
services required by them; compile data for and prepare notices and semi-annual
reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission; calculate the Fund’s daily
NAV; prepare any reports that are required by the securities, investment, tax or
other laws and regulations of the United States; prepare filings with state
securities commissions; coordinate federal and state tax returns; monitor the
Fund’s expense accruals; monitor compliance with the Fund’s investment policies
and limitations; and generally assist in the Fund’s operations.  The
table below provides the administrative fee to be paid by the Fund to ALPS
pursuant to the Fund Accounting and Administration Agreement:  The
greater of (i) $155,000 annually, billed monthly in equal installments; or (ii)
an annual administrative fee, billed monthly, in the amount of: 
 






- 33
-









 




 

 (i) 


 5
  basis points of the Fund’s average net assets between $0 - $1 billion;
  and 







 

 (ii) 


 4
  basis points of the Fund’s average net assets between $1 billion - $3
  billion; and 








  
  


 (iii) 


 3
  basis points of the Fund’s average net assets over $3
  billion. 





 Distribution
Agreement 

 ALPS
Distributors, Inc. (an affiliate of ALPS) (“ADI” or the “Distributor”), acts as
the distributor of the Fund’s shares pursuant to a Distribution Agreement with
the Trust.  Shares are sold on a continuous basis by ADI as agent for
the Fund, and ADI has agreed to use its best efforts to solicit orders for the
sale of Fund shares, although it is not obliged to sell any particular amount of
shares.  ADI is not entitled to any compensation for its services as
Distributor.  ADI is registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

 Transfer
Agency Agreement 
 
 ALPS,
pursuant to a Transfer Agency and Services Agreement, serves as Transfer Agent
for the Fund.  As Transfer Agent, ALPS has, among other things, agreed
to: issue and redeem shares of the Fund; make dividend and other distributions
to shareholders of the Fund; effect transfers of shares; mail communications to
shareholders of the Fund, including account statements, confirmations, and
dividend and distribution notices; facilitate the electronic delivery of
shareholder statements and reports; and maintain shareholder
accounts.  Under the Transfer Agency and Service Agreement, ALPS
receives from the Trust an annual minimum fee of $30,000, a fee based upon the
number of shareholder accounts, and is also reimbursed for out-of-pocket
expenses. 
 
 An
employee of ALPS is also an officer of the Fund. 
 
 Custody
Agreement 
 
 Fifth
Third Bank, (“Fifth Third”), acts as custodian for the Fund.  As such,
Fifth Third holds all securities and cash of the Fund, delivers and receives
payment for securities sold, receives and pays for securities purchased,
collects income from investments, and performs other duties, all as directed by
officers of the Trust.  Fifth Third does not exercise any supervisory
function over management of the Fund, the purchase and sale of securities, or
the payment of distributions to shareholders. The table below provides the
domestic fee to be paid by the Fund  to Fifth
Third  pursuant to the Custody Agreement:  The greater of
(i) $7,500 annually, billed monthly in equal installments; or (ii) an annual
domestic fee, billed monthly, in the amount of: 





 

 (i) 


 0.75
  basis points of the Fund’s market value between $0 - $100 million;
  and 







 

 (ii) 


 0.50
  basis points of the Fund’s market value between $100,000,001 - $250
  million; and 








  
  


 (iii) 



 0.25
  basis points of the Fund’s market value over
  $250,000,001. 






 
 Fifth
Third receives from the Fund an annual international custody fee based upon the
number of foreign transactions executed and annual foreign market value held by
country. 
 






- 34
-










 
 APPENDIX
A 
 COOK &
BYNUM  CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC 
 PROXY VOTING
POLICY AND PROCEDURES 
 
 
 Under
Rule 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, any adviser that exercises
voting authority with respect to client securities must adopt proxy voting
policies and procedures.  Cook & Bynum Capital Management, LLC
(the “Firm”) may
exercise proxy voting authority for each fund of the Cook & Bynum Funds
Trust (the “Trust”) and all privately
offered unregistered funds (“Private Funds”) managed by the
Firm (the Trust and the Private Funds are referred to individually as a “Client”, and, collectively, as
the “Funds”), in such
cases when a Client’s holdings of an individual stock represent 5% or more of
the Client’s portfolio, as outlined in each Client’s offering
document.  In those cases that the Firm exercises proxy voting
authority, the Firm has adopted the following Proxy Voting Policy and Procedures
to ensure that Client proxies are voted in the best interest of the Clients'
accounts and are not affected by any material conflicts of interest within the
Firm. 
 
With
respect to securities held in Client accounts, the Firm shall vote in the best
interest of Clients without regard to the Firm’s interest.  Generally,
the Firm will support company managements which, in its opinion, have the intent
and ability to maximize shareholder wealth over the long
term.  Long-term shareholder value need not be sacrificed in favor of
short term gains.  Proposals that diminish the rights of shareholders
or diminish management or board accountability to the shareholders will
typically be opposed. However, reasonable measures that provide the board or
management with flexibility for negotiation during unsolicited takeover attempts
might be supported provided that such measures do not deter every potential
acquisition.  Likewise, compensation plans that appear excessive
relative to comparable companies' compensation packages and/or appear
unreasonable in light of the performance of the issuer will typically be
opposed.  Matters involving social issues or corporate responsibility
will be evaluated principally based on their likely impact on the economic value
of the issuer.  On occasion, votes may be withheld for certain
directors to show our disfavor with a company’s chief executive or particular
directors.  (See “Pre-Determined Proxy Voting
Policy”).
 
The Firm
has adopted a variety of methods to ensure that proxy votes are not affected by
conflicts of interest.  In cases where the Firm votes securities in
accordance with its pre-determined policy, the vote is insulated from potential
conflicts of interest that the Firm may have.  Only in those instances
when the Firm determines that it is in the best interest of Clients to vote
securities contrary to its pre-determined policy, does the potential for a
conflict arise.
 
Conflicts
of interest may arise when the Firm or an affiliate has a relationship with an
issuer (e.g., a routine
relationship such as a checking account) whether the Firm has knowledge of the
relationship or not.  For purposes of the policy, a “material conflict
of interest” is defined as a non-routine relationship between the issuer of a
security and the Firm or an affiliate of which the Firm has actual knowledge
that may affect the Firm’s judgment in voting securities in the best interest of
Client accounts.  Material conflicts may arise when the Firm or an
affiliate serves as investment advisor or fiduciary for the issuer or when an
affiliate has a significant relationship with the issuer.


 



- 35
-





 



 
 In
instances where the Firm has determined that it is not in the best interest of
its Clients to follow the pre-determined policy, the Chief Compliance Officer of
the Firm (the “CCO”)
must approve any recommendations for votes.  In the event that the
Firm determines that there is a material conflict of interest with respect to
the proxy vote, the conflict of interest and the Firm’s recommendation must be
disclosed to the Client and, in the case of the Trust, consent or direction must
be obtained from the Board of Trustees of the Trust.  All votes in
which the Firm has chosen to override the pre-determined policy will be reviewed
on a quarterly basis by the CCO of the Firm.  The CCO is responsible
for maintaining the documentation regarding any vote recommendations or vote
overrides. 
 
 The
Firm will, at all times, make a best effort to vote all proxies in the best
interest of shareholders of the Funds.  However, there may be some
instances in which the Firm will choose not to vote or may not be able to vote a
proxy.  Issues that may affect proxies for international securities
include: extraordinary requirements such as share blocking, or the requirement
to vote the security in person. 
 
Investors
in the Funds (“Investors”) may contact the
Firm to obtain a copy of the proxy voting policy.  In addition,
Investors may contact the Firm for information on how the proxies for the
securities in their portfolio were voted.  All such information will
be mailed to Investors free of charge.
 
This
policy will be reviewed and approved on an annual basis by the CCO of the
Firm.

Pre-Determined
Proxy Voting Policy

The Firm
will vote in accordance with management recommendations on proposals
except:  (1) the Firm will oppose proposals that diminish rights of
shareholders or diminish management or board accountability to shareholders; and
(2) the Firm will oppose compensation plans that are excessive relative to
comparable companies’ compensation packages or appear unreasonable in light of
the companies’ performance.


 



- 36
-





 



PART
C — OTHER INFORMATION
 
Item
23.  Financial Statements and Exhibits
 




 (a) 


 Declaration
  of Trust --- + 




 




 (b) 


 By-Laws
  --- + 




 




(c)


Instruments
  defining rights of Shareholders --- None, See Declaration of
  Trust




 




 (d) 


 (1)  Investment
  Advisory Agreement --- Filed
herewith 








  
  


 (2)  Expense
  Limitation Agreement --- Filed
herewith 




 




 (e) 


 Distribution
  Agreement --- Filed herewith 




 




(f)


Bonus
  or Profit Sharing Contracts ---
None




 




 (g) 


 Custody
  Agreement --- Filed herewith 




 




(h)


Other
  Material Contracts




 




  
  


 (1) 


 Transfer
  Agency Services Agreement --- Filed
herewith 




 




  
  


 (2) 


 Transfer
  Agency Interactive Client Services Agreement --- Filed
  herewith 




 




  
  


 (3) 


 Administration,
  Bookkeeping and Pricing Services Agreement --- Filed
  herewith 




 




  
  


 (4) 


 Chief
  Compliance Officer Services Agreement --- Filed
  herewith 




 




 (i) 


 Legal
  Opinion --- Filed herewith 




 




 (j) 


 Consent
  of Independent Auditors --- Filed
herewith 




 




(k)


Omitted
  Financial statements --- None




 




(l)


Initial
  Capital Agreements --- 




 
 (1)  J.
Dowe Bynum - Filed herewith 
 (2)  Richard
P. Cook – Filed herewith 
 




(m)


Rule
  12b-1 Plan --- None




 




(n)


Rule
  18f-3 Plan --- None




 




(o)


Reserved




 




(p)


Code
  of Ethics




 
 (1)             Registrant
and Adviser’s Code of Ethics --- Filed herewith 
 
 (2)             Distributor’s
Code of Ethics --- Filed herewith 
 


 



 






 







 (q) 


 Powers
  of Attorney---Filed herewith 




 
* To be
filed by amendment
 
 +
Filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A
previously filed on March 20, 2009. 
 
Item
24.  Persons Controlled by or Under Common Control With
Registrant
 
There are
no persons controlled by or under common control with the Fund.
 
Item
25.  Indemnification
 




(a)


General.  The
  Declaration of Trust (the "Declaration of Trust") of the Trust provides
  that to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware and federal statutory and
  decisional law, as amended or interpreted, no Trustee or officer of this
  Trust shall be personally liable to the Trust or the holders of Shares,
  save only liability to the Trust or its Shareholders arising from bad
  faith, willful misfeasance, gross negligence or reckless disregard for his
  duty to such Person; and, subject to the foregoing exception, all such
  Persons shall look solely to the Trust Property for satisfaction of claims
  of any nature arising in connection with the affairs of the
  Trust.




 
Section
5.2 of the Declaration of Trust provides that the Trust shall indemnify each
officer or Trustee of the Trust (each such person being an “indemnitee”) against
any liabilities and expenses, including amounts paid in satisfaction of
judgments, in compromise or as fines and penalties, and reasonable counsel fees
reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection with the defense or
disposition of any action, suit or other proceeding, whether civil or criminal,
before any court or administrative or investigative body in which he may be or
may have been involved as a party or otherwise or with which he may be or may
have been threatened, while acting in any capacity set forth in Article V of the
Declaration of Trust by reason of his having acted in any such capacity, except
with respect to any matter as to which he shall not have acted in good faith in
the reasonable belief that his action was in the best interest of the Trust or,
in the case of any criminal proceeding, as to which he shall have had reasonable
cause to believe that the conduct was unlawful.
 




(b)


Disabling
  Conduct.  No Trustee or officer shall be protected against any
  liability to the Corporation or its shareholders if such trustee or
  officer would be subject to such liability by reason of willful
  misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the
  duties involved in the conduct of his position (such conduct hereinafter
  referred to as “Disabling Conduct”).  The Declaration of Trust
  provides that no indemnification of a trustee or officer may be made
  unless: (1) there is a final decision on the merits by a court or other
  body before whom the Proceeding was brought that the trustee or officer to
  be indemnified was not liable by reason of Disabling Conduct; or (2) in
  the absence of such a decision, there is a reasonable determination, based
  upon a review of the facts, that the trustee or officer to be indemnified
  was not liable by reason of Disabling Conduct, which determination shall
  be made by:(i) the vote of a majority of a quorum of trustees who are
  neither "interested persons" of the Corporation as defined in Section 2(a)
  (19) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, nor parties to the Proceeding;
  or (ii) an independent legal counsel in a written
  opinion.




 


 



 






 







(c)


Advance
  Payment.  The Fund may pay any expenses so incurred by any
  trustee or officer in defending a Proceeding in advance of the final
  disposition only if  (i) the Trust receives a written
  affirmation by the indemnitee of the indemnitee’s good faith belief that
  the standards of conduct necessary for indemnification have been met and a
  written undertaking from such indemnitee to reimburse the Trust if it is
  subsequently determined that the indemnitee is not entitled to such
  indemnification, (ii) if a majority of the Trustees determine that the
  applicable standards of conduct necessary for indemnification appear to
  have been met, and (iii) at least one of the following conditions is met:
  (A) the indemnitee shall provide adequate security for his undertaking,
  (B) the Trust shall be insured against losses arising by reason of any
  lawful advances, or (C) a majority of a quorum of the Disinterested
  Non−Party Trustees, or if a majority vote of such quorum so direct,
  independent legal counsel in a written opinion, shall conclude, based on a
  review of readily available facts (as opposed to a full trial-type
  inquiry), that there is substantial reason to believe that the indemnitee
  ultimately will be found entitled to
  indemnification.




 




(d)


Insurance.  To
  the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the officers and Trustees
  shall be entitled and have the authority to purchase with Trust Property,
  insurance for liability and for all expenses reasonably incurred or paid
  or expected to be paid by a Trustee or officer in connection with any
  claim, action, suit or proceeding in which such Person becomes involved by
  virtue of such Person’s capacity or former capacity with the Trust,
  whether or not the Trust would have the power to indemnify such Person
  against such liability.




 
Item
26.  Business and Other Connections of Investment Adviser
 
 Cook
& Bynum Capital Management, LLC, Lakeshore Park Plaza, 2204 Lakeshore Drive,
Suite 218, Birmingham, AL  35209, is a registered investment Adviser.
 Additional information about the Adviser and its officers is incorporated
by reference to the Statement of Additional Information filed herewith, and the
Adviser’s Form ADV, file number 801- 69930.  Neither the
Adviser, nor its officers or directors, have engaged in another business of a
substantial nature during the last two years. 
 
Item
27.  Principal Underwriter
 




 (a) 


 The
  sole principal underwriter for the Fund is ALPS Distributors, Inc., which
  acts as distributor for the Registrant and the following other investment
  companies: AARP Funds, ALPS ETF Trust, ALPS Variable Insurance Trust,
  BLDRS Index Fund Trust, Campbell Multi-Strategy Trust, CornerCap Group of
  Funds, DIAMONDS Trust, Drake Funds, Financial Investors Trust, Financial
  Investors Variable Insurance Trust, Firsthand Funds, Forward Funds,
  Heartland Group, Inc., Henssler Funds, Inc., Holland Balanced Fund, Laudus
  Trust, Milestone Funds, MTB Group of Funds, Pax World Funds, PowerShares
  QQQ 100 Trust Series 1, Realty Funds, Inc., Scottish Widows Investment
  Partnership, SPDR Trust, MidCap SPDR Trust, Select Sector SPDR Trust,
  State Street Institutional Investment Trust, Stonebridge Funds, Inc.,
  Stone Harbor Investment Funds, TDAX Independence Funds, Inc., Utopia
  Funds, W. P. Stewart Funds, Wasatch Funds, Westcore Trust, Williams
  Capital Liquid Assets Fund, and WisdomTree
  Trust. 




 




 (b) 


 To
  the best of Registrant’s knowledge, the directors and executive officers
  of ALPS Distributors, Inc., the distributor for Registrant, are as
  follows: 







 



 






 














 Name and Principal Business
  
 Address* 

  
  

 Positions and Offices 
 with Registrant 

  
  

 Positions and Offices with 
 Underwriter 



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 Thomas
  A. Carter 

  
  

 None 

  
  

 Managing
  Director – Business Development; Director 



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 Edmund
  J. Burke 

  
  

 None 

  
  

 President;
  Director 



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 Spencer
  Hoffman 

  
  

 None 

  
  

 Director 



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 Jeremy
  O. May 

  
  

 None 

  
  

 Managing
  Director – Operations and Client Service; Assistant Secretary;
  Director 



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 John
  C. Donaldson 

  
  

 None 

  
  

 Chief
  Financial Officer 



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 Diana
  Adams 

  
  

 None 

  
  

 Vice-President;
  Controller; Treasurer 



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 Robert
  J. Szydlowski 

  
  

 None 

  
  

 Chief
  Technology Officer 



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 Tané
  T. Tyler 

  
  

 None 

  
  

 General
  Counsel and Secretary 



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 Bradley
  J. Swenson 

  
  

 None 

  
  

 Chief
  Compliance
Officer 











 




 * All
addresses are 1290 Broadway, Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado
80203. 





(c)


Not
  Applicable.





Item
28.  Location of Accounts and Records
 
The books
and records of the Fund, other than the accounting and transfer agency
(including dividend disbursing) records, are maintained by the Fund at 2204
Lakeshore Drive, Suite 218, Birmingham, AL  35209.  The
Fund’s accounting and transfer agency records are maintained at 1290 Broadway,
Suite 1100, Denver, CO 80203.
 




(a)


Cook
  & Bynum Capital Management, LLC, 2204 Lakeshore Drive, Suite 218,
  Birmingham, AL  35209 (records relating to its function as
  investment adviser for Registrant).








 
  


 








 (b) 


 ALPS
  Fund Services, Inc., 1290 Broadway, Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado 80203
  (records relating to its functions as transfer agent, administrator and
  fund accounting and services agent for
  Registrant). 









 (c) 


 ALPS
  Distributors, Inc., 1290 Broadway, Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado 80203
  (records relating to its functions as distributor for
  Registrant). 









 (d) 


 Fifth
  Third Bank, 38 Fountain Square Plaza, MD 1090CD, Cincinnati, Ohio 45263
  (records relating to its function as custodian for
  Registrant). 






 



 






 



Item
29.  Management Services
 
Not
applicable
 
Item
30.  Undertakings
 
The
Registrant undertakes to file an amendment to the registration statement with
certified financial statements showing the initial capital received before
accepting subscriptions from more than 25 persons in the event the Fund chooses
to raise its initial capital under Section 14(a) (3) of the Investment Company
Act of 1940.
 
 Insofar
as indemnification for liability arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be
permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been
advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such
indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is,
therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against
such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred
or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the
successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such
director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being
registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter
has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate
jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public
policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of
such issue. 
 
 
 



 



 






 





SIGNATURES
 
 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Investment Company Act
of 1940, the Registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized in the City of
Birmingham and State of Alabama on the 1st day of
June, 2009. 
 
COOK
& BYNUM  FUNDS TRUST
 
/s/ RICHARD P.
COOK
 
By:
Richard P. Cook
 
 President 
 
Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement
has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the date
indicated:
 

















NAME


TITLE


DATE



 
  
 
  
 
  



 /s/
  RICHARD P. COOK* 


 President 


 June
1, 2009 




 Richard
  P. Cook 

  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  



 /s/
  BENJAMIN LOWE* 


 Treasurer 



 June
1, 2009 





 Benjamin
  Lowe 

  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  



 /s/ J.
  DOWE BYNUM* 


 Secretary,
  Vice President 



 June
1, 2009 





 J.
  Dowe Bynum 


 &
  Trustee 

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  



 /s/
  DAVID A. HOBBS* 


 Trustee 



 June
1, 2009 





 David
  A. Hobbs 

  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  



 /s/
  BRUCE F. ROGERS* 


 Trustee 



 June
1, 2009 





 Bruce
  F Rogers 

  
  
  
  






















 *By: 


 /s/  David J.
  Baum 








  
  


 David
  J. Baum 








  
  


 Attorney-In-Fact 








  
  


 Date:  June
1, 2009 






 



 






 




R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
This ‘N-1A/A’ Filing    Date    Other Filings2/1/119/30/0924F-2NT,  N-CSR,  NSAR-BFiled on:6/1/095/31/095/26/095/19/094/30/093/20/09N-1A,  N-8A3/18/09 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0001144204-09-030371   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 10:09:35.1 GMT 





Cook & Bynum Capital Management LLC - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Cook & Bynum Capital Management LLC



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Trustees Paths
Advisors & Consultants Holdings & Top Positions



Cook & Bynum Capital Management LLC



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2001




Headquarters


2830 Cahaba Road, Birmingham, AL 35223-2321




Employees (Worldwide)


7




Industries


Hedge Funds

Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Cook & Bynum Capital Management employs a concentrated value investment approach that seeks long term growth of capital. The firm invests only in companies they can understand and predict. Their investment selection process is based on fundamental analysis that seeks to identify companies with conservative balance sheet and accounting, high returns on capital and high barriers to entry. The Cook & Bynum Fund is a non-diversified mutual fund that seeks long-term growth of capital through the use of a value investment approach. The Fund invests in the underpriced equity securities of US and non-US companies including common stocks, depository receipts, limited partnership interests, business trust shares and securities convertible into equity and rights and warrants for the purchase of equity securities. The Fund invests without regard to market-cap or sector. In instances in which Cook & Bynum is unable to identify sufficient equity opportunities for the Fund, the Fund may invest in special situations, foreign debt and cash positions. Investments in special situations may be either equity securities or fixed-income securities, including distressed corporate debt. Special situation investments may also include high yield bonds.




Website


http://www.cookandbynum.com






 In The News
          See more






See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Richard P. Cook

Co-Founder




Jasper Dowe Bynum

Co-Founder, Chairman & Portfolio Manager





David A. Hobbs, Jr.

Chief Operating Officer




Ashley A. Morris

Chief Compliance Officer & Director of Fund Operations





Lynne S. Owens

Controller & Office Manager




Whitney C. Wright

Director of Investor Relations





Enrico Camata

Research Analyst




Amanda S. Pridgen

Fund Administration Associate





Allison M. Greenhalgh

Investor Relations Associate






See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Trustees                        



Bruce F. Rogers

Attorney at Bainbridge, Mims, Rogers & Smith, LLP







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Cook & Bynum Capital Management LLC



                        Cook & Bynum Capital Management LLC                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Cook & Bynum Capital Management LLC






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Cook & Bynum Capital Management LLC.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Advisors & Consultants



Companies ▾




Custodian




Pershing LLC


                                    Founded in 1939, Pershing LLC is a broker/dealer headquartered in Jersey City, New Jersey. The firm is a subsidiary of the Bank of New York Mellon Corp. (NYSE: BK). The firm helps financial services firms and advisors succeed by providing the technology, operational, trading, investment and practice management solutions they need to serve investors. Pershing offers securities processing, trading and operations management, investment technology, asset-gathering solutions and practice management support. The firm serves a wide range of financial organizations including: banks, discount brokerages, full-service brokerages, registered investment advisors, independent contractors, institutional firms, global firms and small- to mid-sized firms. Pershing also offers financial products including annuities, mutual funds and money funds, as well as business tools, cash management services, investor and lending services, retirement products and wealth management. In addition, they offer trading and execution services in listed and OTC securities, fixed-income securities and mutual funds.                                





 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 



Brand Down! | The Cook & Bynum Fund



























As of 7/27/2017 (Ticker: COBYX)
NAV: $16.64 | CHANGE: $-0.01 | YTD Return: 12.66%
Standardized Performance
 | Holdings

Home | Client Login








The Cook & Bynum Fund









		Subscribe to C&B Notes
		




 






							Brand Down!							


							July 1, 2016						

Many brand-driven moats are currently more assailable than at any time in our investing career. We attribute this disruptive trend to a confluence of causes, including (but not limited to) the opportunity to “rent” manufacturing scale by outsourcing production, an ability to reach customers cost-effectively outside traditional TV and print advertising via digital marketing efforts, increased consumer comfort with e-commerce, and retailers’ success at building trustworthy “house”/private-label brands. Dollar Shave Club, recently purchased by Unilever, is a good example of the impact of several of these trends.
They make some of the world’s best-loved products. Their logos are instantly recognisable, their advertising jingles seared in shoppers’ brains. For investors, they promise steady returns in turbulent times. They seem to be getting ever bigger: on June 30th Mondelez International made a $23 billion bid for Hershey to create the world’s biggest confectioner; and on July 7th Danone, the world’s largest yogurt maker, agreed to buy WhiteWave Foods, a natural-food group, for $12.5 billion. Yet trouble lurks for the giants in consumer packaged goods (CPG), which also include firms such as General Mills, Nestlé, Procter & Gamble and Unilever.
For a hint of the problem they face, take the example of Daniel Lubetzky, who began peddling his fruit-and-nut bars in health-food stores: his KIND bars are now ubiquitous, stacked in airports and Walmarts. Or that of Michael Dubin and Mark Levine, entrepreneurs irked by expensive razors, who began shipping cheaper ones directly to consumers five years ago. Their Dollar Shave Club now controls 5% of America’s razor market. Such stories abound. From 2011 to 2015 large CPG companies lost nearly three percentage points of market share in America, according to a joint study by the Boston Consulting Group and IRI, a consultancy and data provider, respectively. In emerging markets local competitors are a growing headache for multinational giants.
* * * * *
For a time, size gave CPG companies a staggering advantage. Centralising decisions and consolidating manufacturing helped firms expand margins. Deep pockets meant companies could spend millions on a flashy television advertisement, then see sales rise. Firms distributed goods to a vast network of stores, paying for prominent placement on shelves.
Yet these advantages are not what they once were. Consolidating factories has made companies more vulnerable to the swing of a particular currency, points out Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets, a bank. The impact of television adverts is fading, as consumers learn about products on social media and from online reviews. At the same time, barriers to entry are falling for small firms. They can outsource production and advertise online. Distribution is getting easier, too: a young brand may prove itself with online sales, then move into big stores. Financing mirrors the same trend: last year investors poured $3.3 billion into private CPG firms, according to CB Insights, a data firm-up by 58% from 2014 and a whopping 638% since 2011.
Most troublesome, the lumbering giants are finding it hard to keep up with fast-changing consumer markets. Ali Dibadj of Sanford C. Bernstein, a research firm, points out that some consumers in middle-income countries began by assuming Western products were superior. As their economies grew, local players often proved more attuned to shoppers’ needs. Since 2004 big emerging economies have seen a surge of local and regional companies, according to data compiled by RBC. In China, for example, Yunnan Baiyao Group accounts for 10% of the toothpaste market, with sales growing by 45% each year since 2004. In Brazil Botica Comercial Farmacêutica sells nearly 30% of perfume. And in India Ghari Industries now peddles more than 17% of detergent.
In America and Europe, the world’s biggest consumer markets, many firms have been similarly leaden-footed. If a shopper wants a basic product, he can choose from cheap, store-brand goods from the likes of Aldi and Walmart. But if a customer wants to pay more for a product, it may not be for a traditional big brand. This may be because shoppers trust little brands more than established ones. One-third of American consumers surveyed by Deloitte, a consultancy, said they would pay at least 10% more for the “craft” version of a good, a greater share than would pay extra for convenience or innovation. Interest in organic products has been a particular challenge for big manufacturers whose packages list such tasty-sounding ingredients as sodium benzoate and Yellow 6.
Click here for more from The Economist





C&B Notes



										Economics									



										Education									



										Investing Fundamentals									



										Psychology									



										Science									



										Technology									






 







  



The Cook & Bynum Fund


























As of 7/27/2017 (Ticker: COBYX)
NAV: $16.64 | CHANGE: $-0.01 | YTD Return: 12.66%
Standardized Performance
 | Holdings

Home | Client Login








The Cook & Bynum Fund



















Roman Engineers Demanded a Margin of Safety
See How We Apply That Lesson to Investing »


We Search Globally to Find Attractive Investment Opportunities
Learn More About How We Think »


Successful Investing Requires a Broad Study of Disparate Disciplines
Visit C&B Notes to Browse Ideas That Influence Our Thinking »


Following The Herd Makes Average Performance Inevitable
Understand Why We Are Different »














                            Thoughts on Investing                        

                            This manager commentary provides insight into our global, concentrated absolute value investing philosophy and the key tenets that have consistently underpinned our value investing approach.                        




Increasing Our Odds »





A New Investment In Latin America »





Thoughts on Walmart & Our Trip to South Africa »





Observations from South America & Western Europe »





The Mystery of the Missing Goods »









                            C&B Notes                        

                            The purpose of C&B Notes is to pass along ideas, concepts, stories, and information that are informing and influencing our worldview and “latticework of mental models.”                        




Leverage, Flexibility & Opportunity »



Leverage creates forced sellers, and not just in the financial markets. Balance sheets should be built for all economic conditions. Having financial flexibility when other market participants are gasping for air is a key ingredient in realizing attractive long-term returns on capital.




Learning to Love Volatility »



Nassim Taleb has written a new book that is, in many ways, a description of what works in a world (and markets) that inevitably encounter black swan events.  One of our takeaways is that society should focus less on trying to predict or manage/smooth outlying events, but rather should create and employ frameworks that best navigate them.  We believe that Graham’s insistence on a margin of safety – the heart of value investing – is one of these frameworks.








                            Travelogue                        

                            There is no substitute for being on the ground to assess how businesses are really performing. Accordingly, international and domestic travel is a critical component of our research. This Travelogue includes snippets from some of these international trips.                        




Santa Cruz, Bolivia »





Lima, Peru »





Istanbul, Turkey »





Research in Greece »





Road Trip through The Baltics »





 








