 



Coppersmith Capital Announces Nomination of Three Highly-Qualified, Independent Candidates for the Alere Board of Directors | Business Wire


























































Coppersmith Capital Announces Nomination of Three Highly-Qualified, 
      Independent Candidates for the Alere Board of Directors




Delivers Letter Outlining Alere’s Underperformance, Convoluted 
      Business Portfolio, High Leverage and Failure to Engage in Constructive 
      Dialogue with Coppersmith






May 08, 2013 04:56 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC (“Coppersmith Capital”), the 
      fifth-largest stockholder of Alere, Inc. (NYSE: ALR) (“Alere”) along 
      with the members of its Section 13(d) group, owning approximately 5.8% 
      of the shares outstanding, announced today that it formally nominated a 
      slate of three highly-qualified and independent director nominees for 
      election to the Board of Directors of Alere at the upcoming 2013 Annual 
      Meeting of Stockholders.
    

      Jerome Lande, Managing Partner of Coppersmith Capital, said: “Over the 
      last ten years Alere’s management and Board have spent nearly $8 billion 
      on acquisitions. The result is a company with a $2.2 billion market 
      capitalization with declining margins, a convoluted business portfolio 
      and a staggering debt load. Stockholders deserve better than Alere’s 
      commitment to the status quo. Stockholders deserve directors that will 
      proactively address the significant issues facing Alere and work with a 
      reconfigured Board that is committed to maximizing stockholder value.”
    

      Coppersmith Capital also today delivered a letter to Alere’s Chairman, 
      CEO & President, Ronald Zwanziger, the full text of which follows:
    

      May 8, 2013
    

      Mr. Ronald ZwanzigerChairman, Chief Executive Officer & PresidentAlere 
      Inc.51 Sawyer Road, Suite 200Waltham, MA 02453
    

      Dear Mr. Zwanziger,
    

      Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC and the members of its Section 13(d) 
      group (together, “Coppersmith”) are the beneficial owners of an 
      aggregate of 4,745,552 shares of Alere Inc. (“Alere” or the “Company”) 
      common stock, representing 5.8% of the outstanding stock and making us, 
      we believe, Alere’s fifth largest stockholder. We have made this 
      significant investment in Alere because of the attractiveness of the 
      Company’s diagnostics assets and what we consider to be its greatly 
      underappreciated intrinsic value. It was in this spirit that we have 
      been trying since last November to engage you in a constructive dialogue 
      regarding the numerous strategic, performance and capital structure 
      issues facing Alere that we believe have caused its continued depressed 
      valuation and poor long-term stock performance. To say we are 
      disappointed by the discussions, which finally commenced in the last few 
      weeks, would be an understatement. We severely disagree with Alere’s 
      commitment to the status quo and insistence that the Company’s problems 
      are more about investor perception than performance.
    

      Alere’s stock is worth today 30% less than it was two years ago, 35% 
      less than three years ago and 50% less than it was on January 27th, 
      2008, the day prior to the announcement of Alere’s “bet-the-business” 
      size move into health management via the acquisition of Matria 
      Healthcare, Inc. (all returns through the end of April). Alere has taken 
      roughly $1.4 billion in writedowns in the last three years (equivalent 
      to nearly two-thirds of the Company’s current market cap). The Company’s 
      gross margin is down over 400 basis points in the last three fiscal 
      years, while its operating margin is down over 600 basis points 
      according to Alere’s reported non-GAAP adjusted measures. We believe 
      these statistics and many others that demonstrate the imperilment of 
      stockholder value, illustrate the clear and compelling need for change. 
      Yet, you have made it clear that Alere is committed to remaining a 
      heavily-leveraged, inefficient and disparate organization with what we 
      believe is a painful, failed and continuously failing experiment in 
      health management. Therefore we have nominated, in accordance with the 
      Company’s organizational documents, an alternative slate of independent 
      and highly-qualified director nominees that we are confident will better 
      serve the interests of Alere and its stockholders. We intend to solicit 
      proxies for the election of our nominees to the Board of Directors of 
      the Company (the “Board”) at the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders 
      (the “2013 Annual Meeting”).
    

      We are taking this step in large part because of the substantial and 
      ongoing destruction of stockholder value and the Company’s inability or 
      unwillingness to acknowledge the troubled state in which Alere finds 
      itself as a result of its previous decisions. Indeed, the steps the 
      Company has announced to address Alere’s undervaluation and 
      underperformance are an incoherent series of band-aids and 
      half-measures, none of which suggest the seriousness needed to restore 
      Alere’s credibility as a public company. A telling example is the 
      newly-announced 4x leverage target for the end of 2015. With net debt of 
      nearly six times its EBITDA presently – a figure that does not even 
      include Alere’s preferred stock – Alere is vastly levered relative to 
      its diagnostics peers and the healthcare industry generally. It would be 
      encouraging that the Board finally acknowledged the tremendous problem 
      with Alere’s leverage, if only it had more ambition than to spend three 
      more years simply to arrive at a still grossly over-levered balance 
      sheet. Based on Wall Street analyst estimates, Alere’s growth and cash 
      flow alone should produce leverage below 4x by the end of 2015, which 
      begs the question: how much new leverage is included in the Board’s 
      de-leveraging plans? Another quagmire is Alere’s retention of its failed 
      health management business, which in a masterful example of spin has 
      been renamed “Health Information Solutions”. After five years, 18 
      acquisitions, over $1.8 billion spent and nearly $1.4 billion already 
      written off, one would think any rational assessment of the situation 
      would acknowledge the massive stockholder wealth destruction and lead to 
      a divestiture or shutdown of the subsidiary in order to save the 
      Company. Instead, your solution is to seek to joint-venture less than 
      half of the failing health management division, while embarking on a 
      quixotic expansion into health information exchanges, wherein Alere is 
      competing against larger, better-capitalized, healthcare IT companies 
      who, unlike Alere, actually have domain relevance. Alere investors can 
      be forgiven for feeling that they have seen this tragic story unfold 
      before.
    

      We would not own our stock if such problems were not fixable. Indeed, 
      our analysis of the intrinsic value of Alere’s assets, if properly 
      configured and managed, suggests very significant upside potential to 
      the current stock price. However, to thrive as a public company and 
      achieve fair value Alere must undergo a comprehensive strategic and 
      operational rationalization. A comprehensive strategic rationalization 
      begins with the divestiture or shut-down of the health management 
      division, which we believe many investors and research analysts have 
      already written down to zero. A solution for the health management 
      business would: a) improve the growth and margin profiles of Alere; b) 
      realize over $1 billion in tax assets; c) remove a dilutive, 
      low-multiple component from Alere’s valuation; and d) eliminate a 
      massive perceived overhang that has tainted Alere’s credibility in the 
      market for far too long. These benefits dramatically outweigh any 
      theoretical pyrrhic victory you may hope to comb from the ashes of the 
      health management division’s nearly $2 billion boondoggle. This is 
      particularly true of the potential tax benefit, which would enable Alere 
      to shield otherwise-taxable gains from additional portfolio streamlining 
      – therein allowing Alere to refine its focus as well as efficiently 
      generate sufficient proceeds to deleverage in a scope and within a 
      timeframe that we believe investors might actually reward.
    

      Comprehensive operational rationalization is also required to reverse 
      the worrisome trajectory of diminishing organic growth and margins in 
      the core Diagnostics business, and to produce the integration synergies 
      that have not been realized. We believe this poor performance and 
      operational missteps, such as the recent FDA debacle and its continuing 
      impact, are due in large part to a lack of operational attention and 
      expertise from Alere’s senior management. We find it troubling that 
      Alere’s half-measure for dealing with operational decline has been to 
      add a Chief Operating Officer, whose mandate you have yet to explain 
      cogently and who reports to the CEO and Board whose results he is tasked 
      with untangling. The appointment is particularly puzzling at a time when 
      the CEO, whose principal focus for the last decade has been 
      acquisitions, is running a company that has decided to no longer 
      aggressively acquire. Despite the vast low-hanging fruit that we believe 
      awaits a real operational rationalization, we do not consider the 
      current operational improvement outlook at Alere promising (a view 
      supported by Mr. Nawana’s curiously front-loaded restricted stock 
      compensation).
    

      Restoring value at Alere requires independent thinking and analytical 
      rigor – traits that we fear the incumbent Board may lack, with its 
      numerous insiders, long tenures and lack of a lead independent director, 
      let alone an independent chairman. For this reason Coppersmith has 
      nominated three independent, highly-qualified directors for election to 
      the Board at Alere’s upcoming 2013 Annual Meeting. Our outside nominees 
      are independent thinkers, distinguished in the healthcare industry for 
      their high-level experience with issues such as leadership, operational 
      efficiency, M&A, merger integration, innovation and strategy at leading, 
      large-cap medical products companies. Thus, we were surprised that you 
      summarily dismissed our highly-qualified director candidates during our 
      meeting on April 30th, 2013 as unqualified to even be 
      considered by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the 
      Board. In our view, if you had given our nominees serious consideration 
      you would have seen the undeniable value they can add to the Board and a 
      proxy contest could have been avoided. Our nominees are:
    

Curt Hartman – Former Interim CEO and CFO of Stryker Corporation, 
      as well as Global President, Stryker Instruments (NYSE: SYK). During Mr. 
      Hartman’s CEO and CFO tenures, he was directly responsible for leading 
      SYK through tremendous strategic and operational change, including 
      multiple acquisitions, financings and leadership transitions, all 
      against the backdrop of the financial crisis and the dramatically 
      changing healthcare landscape. During this time, Stryker delivered a 
      total stockholder return of more than 70%. For the previous nine years 
      Mr. Hartman ran Stryker’s Instruments division, generating market 
      leading growth.
    

Ted Martin – Former CEO of the Barnes Group (NYSE: B), former 
      Member of the Boards of Directors of leading, large-cap healthcare 
      products companies C.R. Bard (NYSE: BCR) and Applied Biosystems Inc. 
      (NYSE: ABI, acquired by Invitrogen/Life Technologies Corp, NYSE: LIFE, 
      for $6.7 billion). During Mr. Martin’s tenures, the total stockholder 
      returns of Bard and Applied Biosystems were over 120% and 25% 
      respectively. During Mr. Martin’s CEO tenure, Barnes generated a total 
      stockholder return of over 150%.
    

Jerome Lande – Managing Partner of Coppersmith Capital 
      Management, LLC, an investment firm he co-founded in 2012 to focus on 
      event-driven investing in undervalued small and mid-cap companies 
      undergoing, or capable of, operational and/or structural 
      value-enhancement. Previously Mr. Lande was a Partner with Millbrook 
      Capital Management, Inc., an investment firm focused on private equity 
      and event-driven public equity investing (the latter via its former 
      affiliate, MMI Investments, L.P.), and a Corporate Development Officer 
      with Key Components, Inc., a global diversified industrial manufacturing 
      company (acquired by Actuant Corporation, NYSE: ATU).
    

      We firmly believe Coppersmith’s director nominees are preeminently 
      qualified and offer an objectively superior alternative to the incumbent 
      Board members who are up for reelection at the 2013 Annual Meeting. Most 
      importantly, our candidates are proactive business leaders who know the 
      difference between creating equity value and enterprise value, and who 
      will not need to be told that there are problems at Alere in order to 
      act. We have no doubt that you are suddenly busy at work on various and 
      impressive shows of progress, just as we have no doubt stockholders know 
      the difference between proactive and reactive leadership. Nonetheless, 
      we expect that Alere will likely seek to replace its weakest directors 
      unilaterally, announce sweeping operational rationalization plans from 
      your newly-empowered COO or forecast long-term growth targets that we 
      believe are likely to once again go unmet (as did those from your 2010 
      investor day). We believe such hollow gestures will help prove our 
      point, and hope you instead choose to work with us to create a new and 
      improved Board focused on making the necessary changes to enhance 
      stockholder value.
    

      Meanwhile, we look forward to discussing these and other critical issues 
      facing Alere with our fellow stockholders, who we believe share our view 
      that Alere’s unique assets, if managed and configured properly, would 
      generate significantly greater value for stockholders. We continue to be 
      open to, and hopeful for, a constructive dialogue with the Board 
      regarding maximizing value at Alere. Please feel free to contact me.
    

      Regards,/s/Jerome Lande
    



          Cc:
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

          David Teitel, CFO
        















          Jon Russell, President, Alere Home Monitoring, Inc.
        















          Members of the Board of Directors of Alere Inc.
        



      The date of the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders of Alere, Inc. has 
      not yet been announced. Alere, Inc. held its 2012 Annual Meeting of 
      Stockholders on July 11, 2012.
    

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE PARTICIPANTS


      Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC, together with the other 
      participants named herein, intends to file a preliminary proxy statement 
      and accompanying proxy card with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
      ("SEC") to be used to solicit votes for the election of its slate of 
      director nominees at the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders of Alere 
      Inc., a Delaware corporation.
    

      COPPERSMITH CAPITAL STRONGLY ADVISES ALL STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY TO 
      READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER PROXY MATERIALS AS THEY BECOME 
      AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. SUCH PROXY 
      MATERIALS WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE ON THE SEC'S WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV. 
      IN ADDITION, THE PARTICIPANTS IN THIS PROXY SOLICITATION WILL PROVIDE 
      COPIES OF THE PROXY STATEMENT WITHOUT CHARGE, WHEN AVAILABLE, UPON 
      REQUEST. REQUESTS FOR COPIES SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO THE PARTICIPANTS' 
      PROXY SOLICITOR.
    

      The participants in the proxy solicitation are Coppersmith Value 
      Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Coppersmith 
      Value”), Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC, a Delaware limited 
      liability company (“Coppersmith Capital”), Jerome J. Lande, Craig 
      Rosenblum, Scopia Long LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
      (“Scopia Long”), Scopia Partners QP LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
      company (“Scopia QP LLC”), Scopia PX, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
      company (“Scopia PX”), Scopia Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
      company (“Scopia Partners”), Scopia Windmill Fund, LP, a Delaware 
      limited liability company (“Scopia Windmill”), Scopia International 
      Master Fund LP, a Bermuda limited partnership (“Scopia International”), 
      Scopia PX International Master Fund LP, a Bermuda limited partnership 
      (“Scopia PX International”), Scopia Capital GP LLC, a Delaware limited 
      liability company (“Scopia Capital”), Scopia Capital Management LLC, a 
      Delaware limited liability company (“Scopia Management”), Matthew 
      Sirovich, Jeremy Mindich, Curt R. Hartman and Theodore E. Martin 
      (collectively, the "Participants").
    

      As of the date hereof, Coppersmith Value owned directly 1,850,000 shares 
      of common stock, $0.001 par value (the "Shares"), of the Company. Each 
      of Coppersmith Capital, as the Investment Manager of Coppersmith Value, 
      Mr. Lande, as a Managing Member of the Investment Manager of Coppersmith 
      Value, and Mr. Rosenblum, as a Member of the Investment Manager of 
      Coppersmith Value, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 1,850,000 
      Shares owned by Coppersmith Value.
    

      As of the date hereof, Scopia Long beneficially owned 30,738 Shares. As 
      of the date hereof, Scopia QP LLC beneficially owned 30,099 Shares. As 
      of the date hereof, Scopia PX beneficially owned 863,505 Shares. As of 
      the date hereof, Scopia Partners beneficially owned 30,173 Shares. As of 
      the date hereof, Scopia Windmill beneficially owned 642,663 Shares. As 
      of the date hereof, Scopia International beneficially owned 151,334 
      Shares. As of the date hereof, Scopia PX International beneficially 
      owned 1,059,696 Shares. Scopia Capital, as the Managing Member of each 
      of Scopia Long, Scopia QP LLC, Scopia PX and Scopia Partners, and the 
      general partner of Scopia Windmill, Scopia International and Scopia PX 
      International, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 2,808,208 
      Shares owned in the aggregate by Scopia Long, Scopia QP LLC, Scopia PX, 
      Scopia Partners, Scopia Windmill, Scopia International and Scopia PX 
      International. Scopia Management, as the Investment Manager of each of 
      Scopia Long, Scopia QP LLC, Scopia PX, Scopia Partners, Scopia Windmill, 
      Scopia International, Scopia PX International and of a certain 
      separately managed account (the Managed Account”), may be deemed the 
      beneficial owner of the 2,893,627 Shares owned in the aggregate by 
      Scopia Long, Scopia QP LLC, Scopia PX, Scopia Partners, Scopia Windmill, 
      Scopia International, Scopia PX International and held in the Managed 
      Account. Each of Messrs. Sirovich and Mindich, as a Managing Director of 
      the Managing Member of Scopia Management, may be deemed the beneficial 
      owner of 2,893,627 Shares owned in the aggregate by Scopia Long, Scopia 
      QP LLC, Scopia PX, Scopia Partners, Scopia Windmill, Scopia 
      International, Scopia PX International and held in the Managed Account.
    

      As of the date hereof, Mr. Hartman beneficially owned 1,000 Shares. As 
      of the date hereof, Mr. Martin beneficially owned 925 Shares.
    

      As members of a “group” for the purposes of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) of the 
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, each of the Participants 
      may be deemed to beneficially own the Shares of the Company owned in the 
      aggregate by the other Participants. Each of the Participants disclaims 
      beneficial ownership of such Shares that he/it does not directly own.
    




Contacts

Media:Sard Verbinnen 
      & CoDan Gagnier, 212-687-8080orInvestors:MacKenzie 
      Partners, Inc.Mark Harnett, 212-929-5500















Contacts

Media:Sard Verbinnen 
      & CoDan Gagnier, 212-687-8080orInvestors:MacKenzie 
      Partners, Inc.Mark Harnett, 212-929-5500









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












﻿







Hedge Funds – Octafinance



















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds 

Hedge Funds 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Hedge Funds and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/.CaptchaSubmit
Hedge Funds Database
In our Free Hedge Funds Database we have listed more than 4000+ hedge funds and institutional investors. You can see the fund’s summary, employees, AUM, portfolio values, historical 13F, current portfolio, holdings, new positions, sector weights, sentiment, turnover, top 10 holdings and more.
What is a Hedge Fund? A Closer Look at Hedge Funds.
There are plenty of investment vehicles that financially savvy individuals can think about investing in or tracking. The hedge fund is just one of those, but it is also the one that is worth looking at. There’s an air of mystery about this type of investment vehicle, but it is not always a tough nut to crack. What investors need to do is to educate themselves on what hedge funds are and to understand what risks they should expect to expose their investments to.
How Do Hedge Funds Work?
Hedge funds are considered as viable alternatives to the existing forms of investment on the financial markets. However, it is not open to every individual investor. Rather, the funds are more ideal for people and institutions that have significant amount of assets that they want to be managed and grown. Managers typically pool together the assets of their clients to create a unified fund, and then they make their trades and investments using that single fund.
It is theoretically similar to mutual funds, but they differ in the techniques. That’s the reason why it’s not open to individual investors. There are significant risks involved – aside from traditional investment vehicles like the popular mutual funds and stock market options as well as bonds, hedge fund managers lean more towards high risk but sophisticated trading techniques to realize significant profits for their clients’ portfolio.
Adding to the risk exposure is the fact that hedge funds are not as closely regulated as the other financial instruments. Hedge fund managers are not always required to make filings and reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that’s on a case to case basis. If the assets are large enough, the SEC will require reports. Hedge fund managers, however, are bound by law to protect their clients’ investments or face anti-fraud measures.
A Brief History of Hedge Funds
Hedge funds have a very long history. People and institutions began investing in this vehicle at the early 21st century. The funds never lost popularity over time. Before the recession hit, there was a total value of US$1.93 trillion being managed by hedge fund managers worldwide. The industry had a brief hiccup afterwards, because of the sub-prime mortgage crisis, but it eventually recovered. This is a testimony to how popular hedge funds really are, and how much investors are willing to trust their assets to managers.
Hedge fund assets totaled $2 trillion worldwide by April 2011, just three years after the crisis burst. By the third quarter of 2014, the worldwide value of assets under management or AUM is at $2.38 trillion and may continue to grow in the next years.
Hedge Fund Strategies
Hedge fund managers do not subscribe to a single strategy but, rather, they employ a combination of various strategies. It is not uncommon to find hedge fund managers putting some of the money in their management to purchase securities derivatives.
There are, however, some popular strategies that hedge fund managers acknowledge and use. Hedge fund managers will exercise any strategy and option within their discretion in response to several factors in the market.
Here are some of the strategies that hedge fund managers could use, either by itself or in tandem with other techniques in managing assets:

Global macro

This type of strategy relies on identifying macroeconomic events that take place around the world to make investment decisions. Managers generally look at the big picture globally to identify potential entry points for profitable investments. The Global Macro approach leverages multiple markets, and managers will employ long and short investment strategies to maximize profits from volatile market movements. This approach is very flexible, and very diversified as well because there are many variations of sub-strategy under this umbrella.

Directional

The directional strategy does not pay too much attention to what is happening to markets on a global basis. Instead, directional strategy dictates that fund managers look at each individual market movement when picking ideal investments. A typical action under this strategy is to invest in equities with an eye for the long term, and to couple that position with short-term buying and selling to hedge against risk.

Event-driven

Hedge fund managers following this philosophy are focused in following corporate events and leveraging their assets to earn from the market movement influenced by these occurrences. For instance, company consolidations and mergers can make possible upward movements in price. Event-driven hedge fund management will typically take positions before or after such events take place in order to leverage and earn profits from the price movements that occur. Even bankruptcy declarations can also spur action from event-driven hedge fund managers.

Relative value

Relative event hedge fund management focuses on finding price discrepancies and investing on those. This is the most technical of all the four management strategies discussed so far. Analysis is very comprehensive and somewhat holistic, as there are many types of analysis carried out under this strategy to identify the profitable price discrepancies.
How Do Hedge Fund Managers Approach Risk?
As mentioned above, hedge funds are not advisable for all types of investors because of the amount of risk involved in their operation. That is where risk mitigation comes in. In fact, managers operating in the hedge fund industry are described as being the most meticulous – they use the most stringent and the most precise means of protecting investments against the risks that the volatility of the market brings.
The most common method of reducing the risk exposure of managed assets is to diversify. The entirety of the funds used to set up the hedge funds are split between various investments, and varying investment positions. For instance, some of the funds may be put into long-term positions in low-risk, low-return funds that can steadily gain in the passage of time.
A portion of the funds may be invested in high-risk, high-return investment positions that the hedge fund manager may monitor in the short term, taking into consideration the risk factor and market environment.
In addition, hedge fund companies may employ risk officers. These are not people who are directly involved in trading, but have knowledge in how markets work. These risk officers will focus on identifying long and short-term risks to the assets under management, and will then work on creating a comprehensive risk management strategy that will be applied by the hedge fund managers for their managed assets.
Other techniques for managing risk in hedge funds include using risk management methodologies as well as operational due diligence.
Offshore and Onshore Hedge Funds
Because of their popularity and the global nature of their investment, hedge fund managers can be found all over the world. There are two types of hedge fund management companies, and they are the onshore and offshore hedge fund managers. Their differences lie mainly in the levying of tax on the investors’ earnings.
Offshore hedge fund managers give their investors the advantage of minimal tax consequences. For example, US-based investors who enjoy tax exemptions on their investments, particularly in retirement funds, will turn to offshore hedge funds. This helps them avoid being taxed for their income from the hedge funds.
On the other hand, if offshore hedge funds invest in instruments and securities in the United States, they can expect the US government to slap withholding taxes on their investments. However, there are no capital gains tax involved here – this is to make sure that offshore investors are not double-taxed for any increase on the value of their assets. Only their local jurisdiction has the legal right to levy any taxes on the investors for gains they see from their investments.
The presence of both onshore and offshore hedge management funds make the taxation more flexible and more personalized according to each investor’s personal expectations in taxation. In addition, it encourages global investment because of the measures imposed specifically to avoid the horrors of double-taxation – a common fear among investors who have eyes on diversifying globally.
Prominent Centers of Investment
The United States remains the center of global hedge fund management. 70% of the hedge fund managers that oversee the progress of global funds are based in the United States. The Securities and Exchange Commission has in its registry nearly 4,000 financial experts, as of April 2012, who handled management of hedge funds. These are found across the US, but most of them are based in New York City and Connecticut’s Gold Coast.
As for European hedge funds, London is the home of the managers with over 800 of them found in the city. In 2011, these firms were responsible for managing 85% of the hedge fund assets from continental Europe.
There is a growing market in Asia, particularly in Japan. Growing economic centers Hong Kong and Singapore are also experiencing a growth in hedge fund assets under management, but it will be some time before they achieve the demand in hedge fund managers enjoyed by the US and London in Europe. In fact, most of the hedge funds from Asia are managed by offshore companies based in these two centers.
Hedge Fund Industry – Assets Under Management




(USD Billions)
4rd Qtr 2014
3rd Qtr 2014
2nd Qtr 2014
1st Qtr 2014


Hedge Funds
$2478.6B
$2380.5B
$2339.4B
$2259.9B


Funds of Funds
$448.3B
$457.0B
$462.5B
$485.4B


Sectors






Convertible Arbitrage
$29.5B
$30.6B
$31.2B
$31.1B


Distressed Securities
$180.1B
$177.1B
$170.2B
$162.4B


Emerging Markets
$272.9B
$274.3B
$271.2B
$256.1B


Equity Long Bias
$208.8B
$203.1B
$200.9B
$194.6B


Equity Long/Short
$199.4B
$193.4B
$200.2B
$204.4B


Equity Long-Only
$130.5B
$125.2B
$125.2B
$116.8B


Equity Market Neutral
$43.4B
$37.9B
$34.1B
$32.2B


Event Driven
$290.9B
$285.1B
$275.6B
$251.0B


Fixed Income
$377.5B
$380.4B
$373.1B
$339.9B


Macro
$204.0B
$195.1B
$192.5B
$195.1B


Merger Arbitrage
$31.3B
$32.3B
$28.5B
$24.8B


Multi-Strategy
$276.1B
$264.2B
$254.0B
$276.5B


Other
$96.2B
$115.4B
$115.4B
$128.6B


Sector Specific
$138.1B
$131.7B
$132.2B
$127.6B



Hedge Funds are not the only alternative way to invest in the investment universe. A different class of investment are Managed Futures.

 
Commodity trading advisors are these that provide managed futures accounts or funds and they have very different return profile and correlations than hedge funds. Managed Futures offer a good way to diversify hedge fund or other traditional investments and in some cases could also offer lower minimum investment requirements. Because hedge funds are usually stock picking and don’t provide crisis alpha, managed funds which do, are a good way to avoid painful market correction.
Hedge Fund News
We offer completely free hedge fund news on more than 4000+ funds and their managers. Read about their traders, portfolios, strategies and returns. Don’t forget to also visit our hedge fund returns section where we have ranked the top 60 hedge funds by annualized returns since inception and listed their trading strategies and styles.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?Futures NewsVictor Sperandeo Believes the Risk/Reward for Commodities Is 1/10. Recommends 5%-10% Allocation: iPath Bloomberg Commodity exchange-traded note (DJP)For Commodities, It’s 2008 All Over Again. 18 of the 22 components in the Bloomberg Commodity Index have dropped at least 20%Morgan Stanley Joins’s Gold Bearish Camp And Sees The Possibility of Gold Decreasing to $800 Per OunceRussian Majors Rosneft, Gazprom and Lukoil sit pretty at US$60/bblFour Houston oil companies among Goldman Sachs’ picks for likely acquisition targets : EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG), Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL), Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC) and Cabot Oil & Gas (NYSE:COG)





















Coppersmith Capital Management, Llc: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:15 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Coppersmith Capital Management, Llc



Snapshot People




Company Overview



1370 Sixth Avenue25th FloorNew York, NY 10019United States



Phone: (212) 804-8001








Key Executives for Coppersmith Capital Management, Llc


Coppersmith Capital Management, Llc does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Coppersmith Capital Management, Llc, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























COPPERSMITH CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC- Ratings & Rankings by Symmetric




 






























Home
About

Pricing

Login


























COPPERSMITH CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC



Register for more
















 COPPERSMITH CAPITAL Overview



												   Coppersmith Capital Management Llc is an investment advisor that manages 85.1 MM dollars in regulatory AUM and has 2 employees, of which 2 perform investment advisory functions. The manager's has disclosed holdings from 12/31/14 to 12/31/15. The fund's latest filing disclosed 105MM in positions, representing 124% of the manager's regulatory AUM.
												



Unlock Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration









					
					 COPPERSMITH CAPITAL StockAlpha 
					
					






+5.8%





Top 25%



1.25yr StockAlpha
Register for more...
















Fundamental & Technical Factor Exposure
										






Market Cap
Beta
Volatility


Momentum (12M)
Momentum (6M)
Momentum (3M)


Price/Book
Price/Earnings
Price/Cash Flow


Dividend Yield
Sales Growth
Earnings Growth


ROE
ROA
ROC


EBIDTA Margin
Debt/Assets
Hedge Fund Crowding









 COPPERSMITH CAPITAL Since Last Filing Return Details
																										






Ticker
Size
Sector
Stock Move

StockAlpha Attribution
Days to Liquidate
Trade Crowdedness






Unlock Positions and Returns Details














×
Register to Unlock



Unlock profile and also get:

Manager Positions and Return Details
Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration
Manager Performance Estimates
Top Stock Pickers Report













We take your privacy seriously. Your information will never be shared with any third party











×
Download PDF Report


								Your requested report is being generated and will be emailed to you when ready. If you do not receive the report, please check your spam folder, email info@symmetric.io or call 866-243-4178
								














FEATURED IN





















 COPPERSMITH CAPITAL Founders and Key Employees






Name
Title
In Position Since







Jerome J. Lande
Managing Partner
April-2012


Craig Rosenblum
Partner And Chief Compliance Officer
April-2012










 COPPERSMITH CAPITAL Brokers, Custodians, Auditors and Administrators






Type
Company







Administrator
 Pro


Auditor
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Prime Broker
 Pro












 COPPERSMITH CAPITAL Investment Strategy


				
					   Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss A.           Methods of Analysis and Investment Strategies Coppersmith seeks capital appreciation and investment income with minimized risk through its research, selection, hedging and constructive engagement of a portfolio of principally equity securities in developed markets.  Coppersmith seeks corporate issuers whose equity securities trade at a significant disparity to existing, future or potential intrinsic values, on the basis of an intensive program of investment, operational and strategic due diligence, including potential alternative corporate strategies. Coppersmith constructs a concentrated long portfolio of such securities with a stringent selection criteria designed to minimize fundamental risk while maximizing uncorrelated capital appreciation and income potential.   In combination with its long portfolio, Coppersmith invests in a more diversified short portfolio designed to minimize fu...Unlock Full Investment Process Description







 COPPERSMITH CAPITAL Portfolio Concentration




Unlock Portfolio Concentration











 COPPERSMITH CAPITAL Location



ONE WORLD TRADE CENTER								SUITE 8500
NEW YORK, 
New York
UNITED STATES, 
10007








  COPPERSMITH CAPITAL Contact Information



							Phone Number: (212) 804-8001
							Fax Number: (646) 741-0127
							Website: null









READ RECENT SYMMETRIC REPORTS





















Disclaimer



				
		The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Symmetric and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Symmetric nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance and skill metrics are no guarantee of future results. "Symmetric," "Symmetric.io" and the Symmetric logo are marks of Symmetric, Inc. Read our privacy policy here. Read our terms of use here





















 Path A		  










Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC Company Profile




























































BioPortfolio
Biotech, Healthcare and Medical Resources































Advertisement

Topics


All Topics
Biotechnology
Biotech Business
Biotech Products
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Dermatology
Drug Discovery
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
Immunology
Infectious Diseases
Mental Health
Neurology
Obstetrics
Orthopedics
Public Health
Respiratory
Rheumatology
Urology 
			Track topics on Twitter
Track topics that are important to you




Printed From BioPortfolio.com

Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC Company Profile

06:15 EDT 28th July 2017 | BioPortfolio













News Articles
[1271 Associated News Articles listed on BioPortfolio]
QIAGEN-Aktie: Leerverkäufer AQR Capital Management setzt starken Rückzug fort! Aktiennews
KJ Venlo - Leerverkäufer AQR Capital Management baut Netto-Leerverkaufsposition in Aktien der QIAGEN N.V. wieder stark ab: Die Leerverkäufer des Hedgefonds AQR Capital Management befinden sich kont....
QIAGEN-Aktie: Leerverkäufer AQR Capital Management zieht sich weiter deutlich zurück - Aktiennews
KJ Venlo - Leerverkäufer AQR Capital Management baut Netto-Leerverkaufsposition in Aktien der QIAGEN N.V. weiterhin signifikant ab: Die Leerverkäufer des Hedgefonds AQR Capital Management haben ihr....
Medigene-Aktie: Shortseller Voleon Capital Management setzt Short-Attacke fort! Aktiennews
Martinsried - Leerverkäufer Voleon Capital Management LP baut Netto-Leerverkaufsposition in Medigene-Aktien sichtbar aus: Die Leerverkäufer des Hedgefonds Voleon Capital Management LP setzen ihre S....
Medigene-Aktie: Rückzug von Shortseller Voleon Capital Management gewinnt an Dynamik! Aktiennews
Martinsried - Leerverkäufer Voleon Capital Management LP reduziert Netto-Leerverkaufsposition in Medigene-Aktien sichtbar: Die Leerverkäufer des Hedgefonds Voleon Capital Management LP bleiben auf ....
QIAGEN-Aktie: Anhaltender Rückzug! Leerverkäufer AQR Capital Management senkt Shortposition weiter stark - Aktiennews
KJ Venlo - Leerverkäufer AQR Capital Management senkt Netto-Leerverkaufsposition in Aktien der QIAGEN N.V. wieder kräftig: Die Leerverkäufer des Hedgefonds AQR Capital Management haben sich aus ihr...
QIAGEN-Aktie: Leerverkäufer AQR Capital Management baut Short-Engagement wieder stark ab - Aktiennews
KJ Venlo - Leerverkäufer AQR Capital Management baut Netto-Leerverkaufsposition in Aktien der QIAGEN N.V. weiter stark ab: Die Leerverkäufer des Hedgefonds AQR Capital Management ziehen sich aus ih....
MorphoSys-Aktie: Leerverkäufer Capital Fund Management setzt Short-Attacke fort! Aktiennews
Martinsried - Leerverkäufer Capital Fund Management SA baut Netto-Leerverkaufsposition in MorphoSys-Aktien weiter sichtbar aus: Die Leerverkäufer von Capital Fund Management SA setzen ihre Short-At....
PAREXEL International to be acquired by Pamplona Capital Management
PAREXEL International Corporation, a leading global biopharmaceutical services provider, and Pamplona Capital Management, announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Pampl...


Drugs and Medications
[9 Associated Drugs and Medications listed on BioPortfolio]
Capmist [Capital Pharmaceutical]
CAPMIST DM TABLETS
Capcof [Capital Pharmaceutical, LLC]
CapCof
Qsr antibacterial hand soap [Kay Chemical Company]
Drug Facts
Qsr hand sanitizer [Kay Chemical Company]
Drug Facts
Mcd anti-microbial handwash [Kay Chemical Company]
Drug Facts


PubMed Articles
[2570 Associated PubMed Articles listed on BioPortfolio]
Measuring social capital: further insights.
Social capital is defined as the resources available to individuals and groups through membership in social networks. However, multiple definitions, distinct dimensions and subtypes of social capital ...
Examination of the influence of social capital on depression in fragile families.
While it appears that social capital has a positive effect on mental health, most studies have been cross-sectional in nature and/or employ weak measures of social capital or mental health. Even less ...
Twenty years of social capital and health research: a glossary.
Research on social capital in public health is approaching its 20th anniversary. Over this period, there have been rich and productive debates on the definition, measurement and importance of social c...
Perceptions of community, social capital, and how they affect self-reported health: a multilevel analysis.
The link between social capital and self-reported health has been widely explored. On the other hand, we know less about the relationship between social capital, community socioeconomic characteristic...
Prevention and Management of Hypertension and Diabetes Using Social Capital and Physical Activity Among Socioeconomically Disadvantaged Populations.
The purpose of this study is to examine the association between physical activity adherence and social capital among uninsured primary care patients with or without hypertension and/or diabetes. Unins...


Clinical Trials
[2098 Associated Clinical Trials listed on BioPortfolio]
Slipped Capital Femoral Epiphysis Treatment
Slipped capital femoral epiphysis represents approximately 10.8 cases per 100,000 children.
      The primary source for the blood supply of the head of the femur is the deep branch of the
      media...
Social Inequalities in Emergency Call and Emergency Response Patterns
Background:

      Inequality in access to healthcare is a challenge internationally. Despite that medical
      emergency calls can be considered as access point to pre-hospital emergency care and
  ...
Treatment of Sub-Capital Fractures of Hip Joint by Using TriboFit™ Acetabular Buffer
The purpose of this study is to determine the performance and efficacy during 6 and 12 month
      post operation.

        1. determine changes in patient pain level

        2. determine changes in ...
Hepatitis C Self-Management
The objective of this study is to compare the efficacy of a 6-session hepatitis C
      self-management workshop to a hepatitis C self-management self-study program. Both
      interventions are desig...
Exercise Referral Schemes Enhanced by Self-Management Strategies to Battle Sedentary Behaviour
The increase of the elderly population leads to increased prevalence of frailty, risk for
      poor health outcomes, and related health and social care costs. Lack of physical activity
      (PA) and...


Companies
[2171 Associated Companies listed on BioPortfolio]
Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC

Ares Capital Corporation
Ares Capital is a closed-end, non-diversified management investment 
      company that has elected to be regulated as a business development 
      company under the Investment Company Act of ...
Irving Place Capital
Irving Place Capital invests private equity capital in buyouts, 
      recapitalizations, and growth capital opportunities alongside superior 
      management teams. Irving Place Capital focus...
Praesidian Capital
Praesidian Capital partners with small and mid-sized businesses, providing private debt capital. With a focus on its core competency in mezzanine financing, Praesidian Capital invests in established, ...
Sorenson Capital
Sorenson Capital (www.sorensoncapital.com) 
      is a private equity firm that makes small to middle-market buyout and 
      growth equity investments. Sorenson Capital has over one billion i...

More Information about "Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC" on BioPortfolio
We have published hundreds of Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC news stories on BioPortfolio along with dozens of Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC Clinical Trials and PubMed Articles about Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC for you to read. In addition to the medical data, news and clinical trials, BioPortfolio also has a large collection of Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC Companies in our database. You can also find out about relevant Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC Drugs and Medications on this site too.





Quick LinksAdvanced Search |
					Login |
					Subscribe | 
					RSS 

Quick Search






Advertisement


 

Corporate Database Quicklinks
Search Corporate Database
Latest Corporate Records
Biotech Companies by Location
Popular Company Records
Recent Company Searches
Add or Control Your Corporate Profile


Searches Linking to this Company Recordcoppersmith capital management


















BioPortfolio Limited

About Us
Contact Us

Social Media

Twitter (200+ Accounts)
Twitter 
Google+ 
LinkedIn 



Publish Content

Publish
Publish Your Press Release
Advertise

Agreements

Agreements
Medical Disclaimer
Privacy



Tools

MyBioPortfolio
RSS

Help

FAQs
Sitemaps
XML Sitemap







			This site complies with the
			HONcode standard for trustworthy health
			information:
Verify here.



		The information provided by BioPortfolio.com is not a substitute for
		professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. The BioPortfolio
		site is sponsored BioPortfolio Limited with offices at Stafford House,
		10 Prince of Wales Road, Dorchester, DT1 1PW, England. If you
		are a legal copyright holder or a designated agent for such and you believe a
		post on this website falls outside the boundaries of “Fair Use” and
		legitimately infringes on your or your client's copyright we may be contacted
		concerning copyright matters at: priority@bioportfolio.com.
		
		All rights reserved. All other trademarks recognized. Copyright
		© 1997-2017 BioPortfolio Limited. Site developed by
		Alacrify Ltd.
	














 



Coppersmith Capital Responds to Alere Inc. Preliminary Proxy | Business Wire
























































Coppersmith Capital Responds to Alere Inc. Preliminary Proxy




Asserts Alere’s Replacement of Directors up for Election Is a Defense 
      Tactic that Does Not Address Strategic and Structural Deficiencies


Reiterates Need for Significant Change to Stop Alere’s Ongoing 
      Destruction of Stockholder Value


Coppersmith Expresses Disappointment at the Board’s Rejection of 
      Cooperation; Will Seek the Election of Its Three Highly Qualified and 
      Independent Director Nominees






June 10, 2013 06:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC, the fifth-largest stockholder of 
      Alere, Inc. (NYSE: ALR) (“Alere”) along with the members of its Section 
      13(d) group, owning approximately 5.8% of the shares outstanding, today 
      sent a letter to Alere in response to the recent filing of Alere’s 
      preliminary proxy statement and the disclosure that Alere has nominated 
      four new directors for election to its Board of Directors at Alere’s 
      upcoming annual meeting of stockholders on Wednesday, August 7, 2013.
    

      The full text of the letter follows:
    

      June 10, 2013
    



          Mr. Ronald Zwanziger
        



          Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
        



          Alere Inc.
        



          51 Sawyer Road, Suite 200
        



          Waltham, MA 02453
        



      Dear Ron,
    

      As you are aware, Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC and the members of 
      its Section 13(d) group (together, “Coppersmith” or “we”) collectively 
      represent one of the largest stockholdings of Alere Inc. (“Alere” or the 
      “Company”), with aggregate ownership of approximately 5.8% of the 
      Company’s outstanding shares. On April 12, 2013, we submitted a notice 
      of our intention to nominate three highly qualified individuals for 
      election to the Board of Directors (the “Board”) at the 2013 Annual 
      Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”).
    

      We took this action because of what we believe to be substantial 
      deficiencies in Alere’s strategy, structure and performance that are 
      responsible for the significant and ongoing destruction of stockholder 
      value at the Company. We have long considered the incumbent Board to be 
      largely ineffective at supervising management, setting strategy and 
      allocating capital, resulting, we believe, in an unwieldy corporate 
      structure, massive write-downs, poor operational and stock price 
      performance and a crippling debt load. Alere cannot begin to address 
      these problems without a reconstitution of its Board, including 
      stockholder representation.
    

      Unfortunately, the Company’s replacement of all four incumbent directors 
      up for election at the Annual Meeting with new director candidates 
      appears to be a defensive, reactionary tactic in the face of an election 
      challenge rather than proactive change. Moreover it demonstrates to us 
      your commitment to the unacceptable status quo and an attempt to avoid 
      stockholder input and real change at Alere. Quite frankly, we are 
      surprised and disappointed that rather than work constructively with us 
      to reconstitute the Board to ensure the best interests of all 
      stockholders are represented, you attempted an ultimatum promising to 
      fight “tooth and nail” unless we voluntarily withdrew our nominations 
      and supported your new director candidates prior to your filing. This 
      reinforces just how out of touch you are with the serious concerns of 
      the vast number of Alere stockholders with whom we have spoken in the 
      last few weeks, so we will state it plainly: stockholders are 
      demanding substantial changes to the Company’s strategy and structure, 
      including comprehensive strategic and operational rationalization, not 
      simply a different cast of characters to oversee management’s 
      floundering strategy, structure and performance.


      We believe a comprehensive rationalization of Alere’s cost structure, 
      business portfolio and capital structure can generate dramatic stock 
      price appreciation and improved performance with the following steps:
    



           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

          1.
        

           
        

          Exiting non-core businesses such as Health Information Solutions 
          (“HIS”), the consumer products joint venture with Proctor & Gamble 
          and potentially the Toxicology division as well. These divestitures, 
          which we estimate can be done tax-free by first selling all of HIS 
          to generate enormous tax loss, are in addition to those presently 
          targeted by management, which you have previously told us total less 
          than $200 million in annual sales.
        











           
        











          2.
        



          Applying proceeds from these divestitures, which we estimate could 
          yield well above $3 billion, to Alere’s excessive debt balance. This 
          would lower Alere’s leverage1 to roughly 1x or less, more 
          than doubling management’s target reduction in approximately 
          one-third the time.
        











           
        











          3.
        



          Rationalizing Alere’s expense structure to produce $50 million to 
          $100 million in annual cost savings, with announced targets and 
          milestones for accountability to stockholders. We believe this 
          target should be achievable simply by (i) returning SG&A margin to 
          the historically consistent levels the Company maintained prior to 
          its expansion binge over the past two years in preparation for new 
          platform sales that have yet to materialize, and (ii) reducing 
          corporate overhead at a minimum to reflect the aforementioned 
          divestitures. However, we believe significant opportunity also 
          exists in overdue integration of Alere’s numerous acquisitions, 
          refinement and focus of Alere’s disappointing R&D efforts and 
          elimination of its matrix management structure.
        



      These actions are directly within the control of Alere’s Board and 
      management team and, we believe, represent a tremendous opportunity, 
      even with our conservative estimates, to improve the Company’s growth 
      and margin profiles, simplify its convoluted structure, reduce balance 
      sheet risk and allow the Company to invest, both organically and 
      inorganically, in the core diagnostic franchises. You have acknowledged 
      most of these problems, but your current strategy, which includes 
      principally a number of half-measures, is unlikely in our view to 
      achieve similar results.
    

      Rather than embrace these common sense strategic changes, you have 
      chosen to replace your 2013 incumbent nominees in what we consider to be 
      a tactical effort to defeat an election challenge. While we fervently 
      believe in adding fresh perspective to the Board, the timing and manner 
      of your nominations calls into question the sincerity of your stated 
      motivation for effecting such change. After having added only two 
      directors in the last ten years, your proposed replacement of all four 
      directors from the current class suggests this may simply be an attempt 
      to placate frustrated stockholders and protect the status quo. Are 
      stockholders to believe the Board rationally concluded that the 2013 
      class, which includes the Company’s newest director, contained all of 
      Alere’s least-qualified Board members? Notably, the directors who are 
      not up for election at the Annual Meeting have an average tenure of 
      nearly 14 years2 and include two management insiders.
    

      In our discussions you have repeatedly cited merger integration and 
      large company CEO experience as criteria for additions to the Board. We 
      question why such criteria did not appear to be as strategically 
      important for the previous ten years when you added no such experience 
      to the Board despite over 100 acquisitions costing nearly $8 billion in 
      that time. Why is it only now that the Company appears to take the 
      composition and qualifications of its Board so seriously? The Company 
      retained a director search consultant two months after Coppersmith began 
      voicing its concerns to management and seeking a meeting with you, 
      albeit unsuccessfully. The Nominating and Corporate Governance 
      Committee met once in all of 2012, while your Audit and Compensation 
      Committees met nine and twelve times, respectively. In fact, over the 
      last ten years the Nominating and Governance Committee reports meeting a 
      grand total of 13 times, for an average of 1.3 times a year with a 
      maximum of three times in 2008 and minimum of no times, we believe, in 
      20043. Perhaps this is why the Company’s preliminary proxy 
      statement reiterates its commitment to a unified Chairman and CEO 
      without even a lead independent director, a governance structure that we 
      believe to be vastly out-of-touch with current standards of good 
      corporate governance.
    

      We are presently reviewing the qualifications of your nominees. At first 
      glance these director candidates appear to have senior level healthcare 
      experience, albeit principally in pharmaceuticals, an area we 
      specifically avoided for the selection of our nominees because of its 
      significant differences from the diagnostics industry. We note that more 
      than one of these director candidates have had widely reported ethical 
      and/or business judgment lapses as CEO or chairman and we look forward 
      to understanding whether the Company took such issues into account when 
      considering these candidates’ respective qualifications for service as a 
      director. Most importantly, we question whether the incumbent Board’s 
      preferred candidates are poised to objectively consider the strategic 
      and structural changes on which we believe stockholders are focused. We 
      believe stockholder representation is required in the boardroom to 
      ensure consideration of all strategies grounded in the realities of 
      Alere’s core competencies and risk-adjusted maximization of value.
    

      We reiterate our willingness to work with you to compose the best 
      possible slate of candidates to represent the interests of all 
      stockholders. However, we are also prepared to continue to move forward 
      with a vigorous election contest in order to ensure that the best 
      interests of all stockholders are represented on the Board. We are firm 
      in our stance that meaningful changes to Alere, its Board and its 
      strategy are required at this time.
    

      Victory for Alere is not quelling stockholder discontent – victory is 
      improving Alere’s valuation and share price by fixing its strategy and 
      structure. As you appear to have now acknowledged, Coppersmith’s 
      criticisms of Alere are valid and resonate with stockholders, who we 
      believe know the difference between proactive change focused on 
      maximizing value and reactive measures designed to preserve the status 
      quo. We strongly believe that a streamlined, focused and de-leveraged 
      Alere will unlock significant value for stockholders. We encourage you 
      to join with us to focus on the strategic issues facing Alere and 
      embrace real change so significant value can finally be realized by 
      Alere’s stockholders.
    

      Sincerely,
    

      /s/
    

      Jerome Lande
    



          Cc:
        

           
        

           
        

          Members of the Board of Directors of Alere Inc.
        









          David Teitel, CFO
        









          Håkan Björklund
        









          Stephen P. MacMillan
        









          Brian A. Markinson
        









          Sir Thomas Fulton Wilson McKillop
        



CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE PARTICIPANTS


      Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC, together with the other 
      participants named herein, intends to file a preliminary proxy statement 
      and accompanying proxy card with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
      ("SEC") to be used to solicit votes for the election of its slate of 
      director nominees at the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders of Alere 
      Inc., a Delaware corporation.
    

      COPPERSMITH CAPITAL STRONGLY ADVISES ALL STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY TO 
      READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER PROXY MATERIALS AS THEY BECOME 
      AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. SUCH PROXY 
      MATERIALS WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE ON THE SEC'S WEB SITE AT 
      HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV. IN ADDITION, THE PARTICIPANTS IN THIS PROXY 
      SOLICITATION WILL PROVIDE COPIES OF THE PROXY STATEMENT WITHOUT CHARGE, 
      WHEN AVAILABLE, UPON REQUEST. REQUESTS FOR COPIES SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO 
      THE PARTICIPANTS' PROXY SOLICITOR.
    

      The participants in the proxy solicitation are Coppersmith Value 
      Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Coppersmith 
      Value”), Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC, a Delaware limited 
      liability company (“Coppersmith Capital”), Jerome J. Lande, Craig 
      Rosenblum, Scopia Long LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
      (“Scopia Long”), Scopia Partners QP LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
      company (“Scopia QP LLC”), Scopia PX, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
      company (“Scopia PX”), Scopia Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
      company (“Scopia Partners”), Scopia Windmill Fund, LP, a Delaware 
      limited liability company (“Scopia Windmill”), Scopia International 
      Master Fund LP, a Bermuda limited partnership (“Scopia International”), 
      Scopia PX International Master Fund LP, a Bermuda limited partnership 
      (“Scopia PX International”), Scopia Capital GP LLC, a Delaware limited 
      liability company (“Scopia Capital”), Scopia Capital Management LLC, a 
      Delaware limited liability company (“Scopia Management”), Matthew 
      Sirovich, Jeremy Mindich, Curt R. Hartman and Theodore E. Martin 
      (collectively, the "Participants").
    

      As of the date hereof, Coppersmith Value owned directly 1,850,000 shares 
      of common stock, $0.001 par value (the "Shares"), of the Company. Each 
      of Coppersmith Capital, as the Investment Manager of Coppersmith Value, 
      Mr. Lande, as a Managing Member of the Investment Manager of Coppersmith 
      Value, and Mr. Rosenblum, as a Member of the Investment Manager of 
      Coppersmith Value, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 1,850,000 
      Shares owned by Coppersmith Value.
    

      As of the date hereof, Scopia Long beneficially owned 30,738 Shares. As 
      of the date hereof, Scopia QP LLC beneficially owned 30,099 Shares. As 
      of the date hereof, Scopia PX beneficially owned 863,505 Shares. As of 
      the date hereof, Scopia Partners beneficially owned 30,173 Shares. As of 
      the date hereof, Scopia Windmill beneficially owned 642,663 Shares. As 
      of the date hereof, Scopia International beneficially owned 151,334 
      Shares. As of the date hereof, Scopia PX International beneficially 
      owned 1,059,696 Shares. Scopia Capital, as the Managing Member of each 
      of Scopia Long, Scopia QP LLC, Scopia PX and Scopia Partners, and the 
      general partner of Scopia Windmill, Scopia International and Scopia PX 
      International, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 2,901,126 
      Shares owned in the aggregate by Scopia Long, Scopia QP LLC, Scopia PX, 
      Scopia Partners, Scopia Windmill, Scopia International and Scopia PX 
      International. Scopia Management, as the Investment Manager of each of 
      Scopia Long, Scopia QP LLC, Scopia PX, Scopia Partners, Scopia Windmill, 
      Scopia International, Scopia PX International and of a certain 
      separately managed account (the Managed Account”), may be deemed the 
      beneficial owner of the 2,901,126 Shares owned in the aggregate by 
      Scopia Long, Scopia QP LLC, Scopia PX, Scopia Partners, Scopia Windmill, 
      Scopia International, Scopia PX International and held in the Managed 
      Account. Each of Messrs. Sirovich and Mindich, as a Managing Director of 
      the Managing Member of Scopia Management, may be deemed the beneficial 
      owner of 2,901,126 Shares owned in the aggregate by Scopia Long, Scopia 
      QP LLC, Scopia PX, Scopia Partners, Scopia Windmill, Scopia 
      International, Scopia PX International and held in the Managed Account.
    

      As of the date hereof, Mr. Hartman beneficially owned 1,000 Shares. As 
      of the date hereof, Mr. Martin beneficially owned 925 Shares.
    

      As members of a “group” for the purposes of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) of the 
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, each of the Participants 
      may be deemed to beneficially own the Shares of the Company owned in the 
      aggregate by the other Participants. Each of the Participants disclaims 
      beneficial ownership of such Shares that he/it does not directly own.
    

1 Defined as net debt / EBITDA
    

2 Including Alere’s predecessor company, as reported in your 
      proxy statement
    

3 The 2005 Proxy Statement, filed on 4/13/05, lists no 
      Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meetings for fiscal 2004.
    


Contacts

Media:Sard Verbinnen 
      & CoDan Gagnier, 212-687-8080orInvestor:MacKenzie 
      Partners, Inc.Mark Harnett, 212-929-5500


















Contacts

Media:Sard Verbinnen 
      & CoDan Gagnier, 212-687-8080orInvestor:MacKenzie 
      Partners, Inc.Mark Harnett, 212-929-5500









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












﻿







Coppersmith Capital Management Llc – Octafinance


















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Coppersmith Capital Management Llc 

Coppersmith Capital Management Llc 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Coppersmith Capital Management Llc and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/coppersmith-capital-management-llc/.CaptchaSubmit
Coppersmith Capital Management Llc Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 9/30/2016



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 




                    1		

                    na		

                    NA		

                    0		

                    0		





                    0.00		



                    0		

                    New		

                    NA		








COPPERSMITH CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Sector Weightings & New Holdings

COPPERSMITH CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
Coppersmith Capital Management Llc had $152.71 million assets under management as of Friday, June 06, 2014. The historical portfolio values of the fund were: 
$73,321,000 in 2014Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$83,339,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$95,027,000 in 2015Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$107,221,000 in 2015Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$105,134,000 in 2015Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$0 in 2016Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$0 in 2016Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$0 in 2016Q3 – 13F Filing Available
Subsidiaries/Series: Lande Jerome J., Rosenblum Craig
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?

























Coppersmith Capital Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























coppersmith capital management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC operates as a hedge fund manager. The Company provides investment advisory and management services to private investment funds and separately managed accounts.




Corporate Information
Address:

1 World Trade Center
Suite 8500
New York, NY 10007
United States


Phone:
1-212-804-8001


Fax:
1-646-741-0127























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


















































Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC - Financial Services Firm, New York, NY - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC





Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC is an inactive Broker-Dealer.











Information


Type
Broker-Dealer


HEAD QUARTERS
   NY, NY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
2


Total Assets
$117,377,369









Location
        



285 Fulton St


NY,
NY
10007


(212) 804-8001









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on July 1, 2016





$117.4M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






3

          
Accounts
          


$39.1M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Jerome Jay Lande

Managing Partner
      
April, 2012
      
50% to 75%
      


Craig Rosenblum

Partner And Chief Compliance Officer
      
April, 2012
      
25% to 50%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

(6) Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations


















































Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC - Financial Services Firm, New York, NY - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC





Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC is an inactive Broker-Dealer.











Information


Type
Broker-Dealer


HEAD QUARTERS
   NY, NY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
2


Total Assets
$117,377,369









Location
        



285 Fulton St


NY,
NY
10007


(212) 804-8001









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on July 1, 2016





$117.4M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






3

          
Accounts
          


$39.1M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Jerome Jay Lande

Managing Partner
      
April, 2012
      
50% to 75%
      


Craig Rosenblum

Partner And Chief Compliance Officer
      
April, 2012
      
25% to 50%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

(6) Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations




































COPPERSMITH CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      COPPERSMITH CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Investment Advisor
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Coppersmith Capital Management is based out of New York. Coppersmith Capital Management is a hedge fund  with  1-10 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $117,377,369 (Form ADV from 2015-10-14).   WhaleWisdom has at least 8 13Fs and  16 13D/G filings in our database for Coppersmith Capital Management. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from COPPERSMITH CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change







03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary



            No holdings for current quarter
      





09/30/2016
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $0

                        Prior Market Value
                        $0
New Purchases0 stocks
Additional Purchases0 stocks
Sold out of0 stocks
Reduced holdings in0 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %%
Turnover %
                        [1]:%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:%
Time Held Top20:
Time Held Top10:
Time Held All:

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






09/30/2016
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for COPPERSMITH CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-28 



Performance
                      for Q4 2015:
                    
-10.47%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
0.0%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







  This lets you look at individual sub managers or subsidiaries within
  the 13F filing.




Quarter:
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager:






Optionally compare to:



Quarter 2:
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager 2:













Number of shares is NOT split-adjusted



View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

COPPERSMITH CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC

Classified as Hedge Fund

ONE WORLD TRADE CENTER
SUITE 8500

NEW YORK
NY
            
        10007
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          (212) 804-8001
Fax:
              (646) 741-0127


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
2


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          
92,373,400



                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              
2


Disclosures:




    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 09/30/2016

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 09/30/2016
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free






























 





































Alere Inc. (NYSE:ALR) - Coppersmith Capital Files Detailed Presentation on Alere Inc, Outlines Plan to Improve Performance and Value | Benzinga

















Benzinga


Benzinga Pro


Marketfy


Financial Data & APIs


Fintech Awards


Premarket Prep







Membership is FreeWhat are you waiting for? Sign up now!
Username: 


Username available!Username taken!
Email: 


Email available!Email taken!
Password: 



Leave blank: 




OR




Free Account Login
Click here to access your premium account

Username or email: 



Password: 




OR

Forgot password?'

Looking for



?

CLICK HERE




  Contribute Login Sign up  

 
 
 


Benzinga - Feed Your Mind.












HomeBest of Benzinga
Careers
About
Contact Us
Partners
Benzinga Fintech Awards

NewsEarnings
Guidance
Dividends
M&A
Buybacks
Legal
Interviews
Management
Retail Sales
Offerings
IPOs
Insider Trades
Biotech/FDA

MarketsPre-Market
After Hours
Movers
Forex
Commodities
Options
Binary Options
Bonds
Futures
Global Economics
Previews
Reviews
Small-Cap

RatingsAnalyst Color
Downgrades
Upgrades
Initiations
Price Target

IdeasLong Ideas
Short Ideas
Technicals
From The Press
Jim Cramer
Rumors
ETFs

TechStart-Ups

Fintech
Personal Finance
Marketfy
Benzinga Pro











Earnings
Guidance
Dividends
M&A
Buybacks
Legal
Interviews
Management
Retail Sales
Offerings
IPOs
Insider Trades
Biotech/FDA












Market Overview















TickersArticlesKeywordsSearch by keyword...googlecse


 



 
 






Coppersmith Capital Files Detailed Presentation on Alere Inc, Outlines Plan to Improve Performance and Value






James Hunt , Benzinga Staff Writer  
 

      {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}}
     



              July 23, 2013 7:38am            
 
Comments





Share:
 





Related ALR

Wall Street's M&A Chatter From July 17: BorgWarner-Sevcon, Church & Dwight-Waterpik, Quidel-Alere Triage 

Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For May 15, 2017 


 
Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC (“Coppersmith Capital”) today announced that it has filed a comprehensive presentation detailing its strategic plan to improve performance and enhance stockholder value at Alere, Inc. (NYSE: ALR) (“Alere”). The presentation is available at the SEC's website and at the following link: www.stockholderdocs.com/ALR. 
The presentation outlines Alere's languishing long-term operational performance, destructive capital allocation decisions, flawed strategy, and poor corporate governance. The presentation also sets forth in detail Coppersmith Capital's recommendations and timetable for the operational and strategic rationalization of Alere, including significant deleveraging, which, if successfully implemented, Coppersmith Capital believes could generate dramatic value enhancement at Alere. 
Jerome Lande, Managing Partner of Coppersmith Capital, stated, “Over the years, Alere has blindly pushed forward with flawed strategies that have destroyed stockholder value in almost every respect. Now Alere is asking stockholders to have faith and support its director nominees who have already stated their commitment to the status quo. We believe real change on the board is necessary to bring about a robust, independent evaluation of alternatives that can truly address Alere's structural and financial issues. Coppersmith Capital has put forward a comprehensive strategic plan that has the potential to reverse years of lackluster performance and mismanagement by generating far greater value in the near-term and placing Alere on the right track for creating enduring value for the long-term. Our nominees, if elected, are committed to working constructively with the other directors on the board to fully explore and evaluate all viable strategies to unlock stockholder value. In our view, the necessary catalyst is the election of directors who are truly independent of management. Therefore we urge stockholders to support our highly-qualified nominees and vote the blue proxy card today.” 
Coppersmith Capital urges Alere's stockholders to vote the BLUE proxy card for the election of Coppersmith's three highly-qualified and independent candidates to Alere's Board of Directors at its upcoming annual meeting of stockholders on Wednesday, August 7, 2013. 


Posted-In: News Management Insider Trades
© 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
 



Related Articles (ALR)




Wall Street's M&A Chatter From July 17: BorgWarner-Sevcon, Church & Dwight-Waterpik, Quidel-Alere Triage



 

View Comments and Join the Discussion!
View the discussion thread.









 










        Newsletter & Alerts
      










          Become a Wall-Street Wizard.
        




Market in 5 Minutes
Everything you need to know about the market - quick & easy.





Daily Analyst Rating
A summary of each day’s top rating changes from sell-side  analysts on the street.





FinTech Focus
Yesterday’s biggest gainers and losers. As well as 10 stocks to keep an eye on for Today






TERMS & CONDITIONS





Thank You
for registering for Benzinga’s newsletters and alerts.



            • The Daily Analysts Ratings email will be received daily between 7am and 10am.
          

            • The Market in 5 Minutes email will be received daily between 7am and 8am.
          

            • The Fintech Focus email will be received every Friday between 2pm and 5pm.
          


          If you have any questions as it relates to either of the three newsletters, please feel free to contact us at  1-877-440-ZING.
        









  Sign up for email alerts on ALR






Trending
Recent








1
AMD: Citi Still Selling AMD, Concerned About Profitability


2
WYNN, BVXV: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session


3
GNC, ALXN: 20 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session


4
MRK, PFE: Why Is AstraZeneca Sinking Today?


5
TSLA, VZ: Gilead Sciences, Verizon Communications, A...


6
GOOGL, IBM: Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts O...


7
FB, NFLX: The JPMorgan Mid-Day Not...

 





1
XOM, SBUX: 10 Stocks To Watch For July 28, 2017


2
Economic Data Scheduled For Friday


3
AAL, CAB: Earnings Scheduled For July 28, 2017


4
INTC, FB: Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Friday Trade


5
SNAP, HTZ: Watch These 4 Huge Call Purchases In Friday Trade


6
OSTK, SPY: Exclusive: Overstock CEO Thinks He Ca...


7
TWTR: Trump's Transgender Ban Fell...

 






 



View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. 



 












          Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content.
        





Popular ChannelsAnalyst Ratings
Be Your Own Boss
ETFs
Economics
Forex
Hot
News
Options
Press Releases
Start-ups
Tech
Tools & FeaturesAffiliate Program
PreMarket Prep
Feeds
News Widget
Real Time Feed
Sitemap
Submit News Tips
About BenzingaAbout Us
Licensing and APIs
Apps (iOS and Android)
Fintech Awards
Blog
Syndication
In the News
Careers
Service Status
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


Benzinga Partners
 


 


1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING)
© Copyright Benzinga


















Brent Steady at $108 As Investors Wait for US Inventory Data



Kodiak Oil & Gas Corp. Announces Second Quarter 2013 Sales Volumes and Provides Reserves & Operations Updates 














