


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Experience | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



     My Experience  I am a  choose one                  I am a    Individual InvestorAdvisor to an IndividualFamily OfficeNon-Profit             and  I'm looking for guidance because            choose one                   I'm looking for guidance because...                   * Please select a    See Results                      Experience A Client-First Culture We do things a little differently at BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Here, we have a commitment to serving clients, not selling products–a client-first approach that has led to industry-leading client satisfaction rates. 

And while we're proud of those results, it’s our client retention rates that matter most to us. Those sustained relationships can only be earned over time–and they’re what allow us to create not just richer lifetimes, but enduring legacies.     
      Becoming an Individual Client      Personal strategies and services based on one question: What do you need?        Experience The Individual Investor Journey At BNY Mellon Wealth Management, expect to receive the best of both worlds: the high-touch, one-on-one service of an investment boutique backed by the power of a large, resource-rich global firm. 

Industry-leading client service. Best in class resources. A spirit of innovation. All focused on you. 

Want to learn more about solutions for Individual Investors? Contact us today, and we’ll connect you with a professional who can help you build a wealth plan specific to your needs. 
              1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Individual Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Working closely, we define your ultimate objectives and expectations for lifestyle and wealth transfer. This ensures everyone is aligned around your collective vision from the start.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio Guided by your goals and risk tolerance, we explore the mix of asset classes that’s right for you. We identify each entity's optimal contribution and consider strategic alignment with your chosen goals.        The Individual Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next We analyze each entity within your portfolio, including IRAs, trusts and credit facilities, as well as special situations such as business interests or executive compensation. Our plan is created with your input throughout, and moves to implementation only with your approval.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action We document your plan's details and review with you, aligning them with your requirements before implementing the strategy.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Unlike other firms, your portfolio is managed actively by a team of people. They are regularly revisiting your goals, rebalancing your positions, and identifying new opportunities. They have your interests top of mind, all the time.        Discover Our Services for Individuals & Families  Learn More 
      Becoming an Institutional Client      We understand what makes institutional wealth management unique. And we know how to optimize it.            Experience The Institutional Investor Journey No single firm offers family offices and non-profits integrated support like BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Industry-leading custody capabilities and deep fiduciary knowledge make our in-house expertise for institutions unparalleled. And our centuries of investment excellence across asset classes and styles informs everything we do.


Want to learn more about our solutions for Institutions? Get the answers you need to discover what BNY Mellon Wealth Management can do for your organization.          1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Even before you’ve committed to being a client, you will meet your core team of advisors. Together, you will outline your organization’s needs and goals.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio With your organization’s goals in mind, the team will work look closely at what currently exists. This work is aimed at uncovering under-leveraged assets, missed opportunities and unnecessary risks relative to your organization’s future needs.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next Your dedicated client services team works with you to outline near-term and long-term strategic goals. Timeframes and milestones are established along with the communication plan.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action The team goes to work executing the agreed upon strategy, keeping you informed every step of the way. Reports are made available for you to review and share.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Your team is regularly revisiting your organization’s goals and actively identifying new opportunities or risks. We are also constantly consulting with our internal experts, sharing best thinking and getting ahead of trends.        Discover Our Services for Institutions  Learn More 
      Private Workbench      Take a tour of our online platform for real-time account information, research and reports        Private Workbench Benefits    Mobile Access Available on your phone, tablet, or laptop, so you can monitor your investments and banking in real time.   Custom Settings Make the experience yours by seeing only what you want and nothing that you don’t.   Direct Access to Your Dedicated Team The My Team tab gives you direct email access to your wealth management team.     
      Contact Us How can we help you?  Your questions are important to us, complete our contact form and we’ll connect you with the right team member to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 
















CORDA Investment Management | Houston, Austin, Dallas








































































 







Client Login ContactCall Us: 855.439.0665


















 





TOGETHER WE'RE INVESTED. 







 

 

 

 

 







“Opportunity is found not in the consensus,
but in the contrarian.” 

Bonner C. Barnes 







 



 














Value Investing - Since 1999
CORDA Investment Management, LLC was founded by Bonner C. Barnes and named after his two daughters. CORDA was designed to be an investment advisory firm that guides families for generations. Today, we continue the firm’s original commitment, serving over 1,000 families nationwide. At CORDA, we understand that we need to earn your trust. We intend to be your resource for life.





WATCH OUR VIDEOS





TOGETHER WE’RE INVESTED












4 WAYS CORDA MAKES YOU MONEY
















Investment philosophy











how we invest











financial blueprint












What’s Your Number?

Click Here



 






Contact
Please feel free to contact us with any questions. We would love to hear from you. 












How did you hear about us?---Google AdFacebookTD AmeritradeScottradeOtherCheck here to sign up for our quarterly newsletter 












 LOCATE US ON THE MAP	








CORDA Investment Management
8955 Katy Freeway, Suite 200  •  Houston, Texas 77024
Main 713.439.0665





CORDA Investment Management, LLC





Houston (Headquarters) 8955 Katy Freeway Suite 200 Houston, Texas 77024 Local: 281-407-1531
Austin Office 1101 S Capital of Texas Highway Building G, Suite 150 Austin, Texas 78746 Local: 512-518-6849 
Dallas Office 15660 N. Dallas Parkway Suite 1425 Dallas, Texas 75248 Local: 469-453-6498




Blog  •  Toll Free Phone: 855.439.0665  •  Disclosures







©2017 CORDA Investment Management, LLC. All rights reserved.






















Client Login - CORDA Investment Management
































































 







Client Login ContactCall Us: 855.439.0665












 







Client Login





































CORDA Investment Management, LLC





Houston (Headquarters) 8955 Katy Freeway Suite 200 Houston, Texas 77024 Local: 281-407-1531
Austin Office 1101 S Capital of Texas Highway Building G, Suite 150 Austin, Texas 78746 Local: 512-518-6849 
Dallas Office 15660 N. Dallas Parkway Suite 1425 Dallas, Texas 75248 Local: 469-453-6498




Blog  •  Toll Free Phone: 855.439.0665  •  Disclosures







©2017 CORDA Investment Management, LLC. All rights reserved.





















Portfolio Review - CORDA Investment Management































































 







Client Login ContactCall Us: 855.439.0665












 













We align the world’s investments with your risk tolerance.
CORDA offers a free complimentary review that will help you better understand how you are positioned in today’s complex market environment.


















does your portfolio carry more risk than you realize? Is it aligned with your personal risk tolerance?  We can help.
Despite all of our advances in technology, the world still invests the vast majority of its financial assets using a combination of gut instincts, hunches, emotionally-driven decisions and “what we learned in college.”
As a result, when markets pull back, investors typically pull the plug—locking in horrible losses, sitting out the recovery and waiting until the market “feels safe” again to reinvest at the top, and repeat the cycle.
We can help you better understand how you are positioned and what risk you are (or are not) taking at the present time with the intention of aligning your objectives for success!
All for FREE!
To get started, click on the Riskalyze link below:














CORDA Investment Management, LLC





Houston (Headquarters) 8955 Katy Freeway Suite 200 Houston, Texas 77024 Local: 281-407-1531
Austin Office 1101 S Capital of Texas Highway Building G, Suite 150 Austin, Texas 78746 Local: 512-518-6849 
Dallas Office 15660 N. Dallas Parkway Suite 1425 Dallas, Texas 75248 Local: 469-453-6498




Blog  •  Toll Free Phone: 855.439.0665  •  Disclosures







©2017 CORDA Investment Management, LLC. All rights reserved.





















Approach | Fee-Based Wealth Management in Houston, Dallas, Austin




































































 







Client Login ContactCall Us: 855.439.0665












 













INVESTING WITH YOUR INTERESTS FIRST
An investment advisory firm with a fiduciary promise to our clients. Our independence allows us to be fully transparent.












INVESTMENT PHILOSOPHY










HOW WE INVEST










FINANCIAL BLUEPRINT















Investment Philosophy
We are Value Investors. We seek to purchase businesses trading at a discount to intrinsic value. This is a time tested approach set forth originally by Benjamin Graham and implemented by others such as Warren Buffett.
We don’t follow the herd. As contrarian minded investors, we are attracted to companies we believe are temporarily priced at a discount because they have fallen out of favor with Wall Street and the investing public.
Our mindset is one of a business owner. We look for our investments to appreciate over time and provide steady dividends and cash flow along the way.



READ OUR FAQs















How We invest
Focused: concentrating on our best ideas
Patient: being investors, not traders
Opportunistic: having no mandate to remain fully invested
Fundamental Approach: looking for high quality and strong balance sheets
Go Anywhere: investing across all sectors, geographies and market caps
Individual Securities: owning businesses, not investment products
Absolute Value: seeking genuine bargains
Cash Flow: selecting businesses that pay sustainable dividends
Rising Income Streams: preferring businesses with a history of increasing dividends
Fiduciary Responsibility: putting our clients’ interests first
Tax Efficient: minimizing the impact of taxes through our investment strategy



READ OUR FAQs















financial blueprint
• When can I retire?
• Do we have enough to retire now?
• Now that we are retired, will we outlive our money?
• Does my current portfolio meet my objectives?
• How should I invest?
Most families come to us with these questions. At CORDA, you will work with a team that specializes in answering them and receive a blueprint for retirement.



READ OUR FAQs















frequently asked questions



How long have you been in business? 
CORDA was established in 1999.



Does CORDA customize client portfolios?
CORDA takes a thorough approach to understanding your needs and objectives.  We can customize our offering based on your situation. Every client has different goals and priorities. Sometimes the need is for retirement income; other times it may be for college education expenses or philanthropic gifting. Whatever the need, we take the time to get to know you so that we can build a portfolio that is right for you and your family.



What geographic area does CORDA serve? 
We serve families all over the country.



Does CORDA do its own research? 
Yes. We do our own independent research, free from the noise of Wall Street and investment banks.



Have you been rated or ranked by any outside third party?
Yes. CORDA was recently named to Barron’s Top 1,200 Financial Advisors List for 2015.



Is CORDA a Registered Investment Advisor?
Yes. CORDA is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As an RIA, we adhere to the fiduciary standard of care set by the SEC which requires us to act in our clients’ best interests. Broker-dealers are only required to recommend suitable investments.



What are CORDA’s management fees?
Our fee is 1% annually on the first $2 million, .75% on the next $3 million, and .50% over $5 million.  Please see our ADV. 



Does CORDA use outside custodians to house client accounts?
Yes. We use independent, third-party custodians to provide full transparency to our clients. These custodians also provide online access, monthly statements and year-end reporting. You can have peace of mind that your money is safe.



Does CORDA use investment products (e.g., annuities, mutual funds, insurance)?
CORDA does not sell products. We prefer to use individual stocks and/or bonds to build a portfolio. On occasion, we will use other securities, such as Exchange Traded Funds, for smaller accounts or for additional diversification.



Does CORDA only invest in individual stocks?
A client portfolio will generally consist of individual stocks. However, when the fixed income market looks attractive, a client portfolio may also have exposure to individual bonds.



How many individual stocks are typically in a portfolio?
A client portfolio will generally consist of 25-30 individual businesses.



What is the average dividend yield you look for in an investment?
As we build a client portfolio, we strive to be 2 – 2.5 times the dividend of the S&P 500. We prefer to own businesses which pay between a 3% – 6% dividend yield in today’s market environment. The sustainability and ability to grow the dividend over time are two factors we strongly consider when making an investment. 
(Please note that dividends are not guaranteed and may fluctuate.)



Why are dividends so important?
Whether you are searching for growth or income, dividends are important because they have accounted for over 40% of the market’s total return since the 1920’s. 



How often does CORDA make trades in a typical client portfolio?
Trading for trading’s sake is kept to a minimum here at CORDA. We take a long-term view, ideally holding a business for a few years, reaping the dividends along the way. If the shares were purchased appropriately, capital appreciation will follow. We are active and vigilant, monitoring our holdings daily, but not flipping securities in the short-term.



What does CORDA do in terms of risk management?
We mitigate risk primarily at the time of purchase. We attempt to buy at a discount as opposed to chasing shares and paying a premium. As value investors, we seek out-of-favor and temporarily mispriced securities that have already declined in price. If our timing is correct, some of the price risk is taken out of the equation.  We also control the amount and/or the percentage of a portfolio invested in any one specific holding. If something goes wrong for one of the businesses, the overall downside risk to the whole portfolio is limited. There are numerous ways to hedge a portfolio. As conditions have warranted, we have utilized a variety of securities and tools that allow us to increase protection against downside risk.



Is your strategy tax efficient?
Yes. We are long-term investors; generally, our ownership in a company will last for years, not months or days. We want to drive results over time by owning businesses that pay dividends and, in most cases, have a history of raising those dividends. Both long-term capital gains and dividend income are taxed at a lower rate than ordinary income.



Where can I get a copy of your Form ADV Part 2A Disclosure Brochure?
You can view and download it here: Form ADV Part 2A Disclosure Brochure 




Does CORDA offer estate planning?
We partner with a number of seasoned professionals.









CORDA Investment Management, LLC





Houston (Headquarters) 8955 Katy Freeway Suite 200 Houston, Texas 77024 Local: 281-407-1531
Austin Office 1101 S Capital of Texas Highway Building G, Suite 150 Austin, Texas 78746 Local: 512-518-6849 
Dallas Office 15660 N. Dallas Parkway Suite 1425 Dallas, Texas 75248 Local: 469-453-6498




Blog  •  Toll Free Phone: 855.439.0665  •  Disclosures







©2017 CORDA Investment Management, LLC. All rights reserved.





















Disclosures - CORDA Investment Management
































































 







Client Login ContactCall Us: 855.439.0665










Disclosures






This website is a publication of Corda Investment Management, LLC. Information presented is believed to be factual and up-to-date, but we do not guarantee its accuracy and it should not be regarded as a complete analysis of the subjects discussed. All expressions of opinion reflect the judgment of the authors as of the date of publication and are subject to change. Content should not be viewed as personalized investment advice or as an offer to buy or sell, or a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned.
Corda Investment Management, LLC is registered as an investment advisor with the SEC and only transacts business in states where it is properly registered, or is excluded or exempted from registration requirements. SEC registration does not constitute an endorsement of the firm by the Commission nor does it indicate that the advisor has attained a particular level of skill or ability. Corda Investment Management, LLC is not engaged in the practice of law or accounting.
All investment strategies have the potential for profit or loss. Past performance is no guarantee of future success. Different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk, and there can be no assurance that any specific investment or strategy will be suitable or profitable for a client’s portfolio. There are also no assurances that a portfolio will match or outperform any particular benchmark.
Hyperlinks on this website are provided as a convenience, and we disclaim any responsibility for information, services or products found on websites linked hereto.
Third-party rankings and recognition from rating services or publications are no guarantee of future investment success. Working with a highly-rated advisor does not ensure that a client or prospective client will experience a higher level of performance. These ratings should not be construed as an endorsement of the advisor by any client nor are they representative of any one client’s evaluation. Generally, rankings and recognition are based on information prepared and submitted by the advisor. A more thorough disclosure of the criteria used in making these rankings is available upon written request. References to assets under management in the Barron’s article have changed. Please see Form ADV Part 2A for our most recent assets under management.










CORDA Investment Management, LLC





Houston (Headquarters) 8955 Katy Freeway Suite 200 Houston, Texas 77024 Local: 281-407-1531
Austin Office 1101 S Capital of Texas Highway Building G, Suite 150 Austin, Texas 78746 Local: 512-518-6849 
Dallas Office 15660 N. Dallas Parkway Suite 1425 Dallas, Texas 75248 Local: 469-453-6498




Blog  •  Toll Free Phone: 855.439.0665  •  Disclosures







©2017 CORDA Investment Management, LLC. All rights reserved.








































Chaffey Breeze
















 
















 



  
 
 







Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads
Jul 27th, 2017
				Facebook’s mobile advertising segment expanded by over 50% during the second quarter, said officials from the company in their earnings report on Wednesday, as the giant social network...   






Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations

							Jul 26th, 2017						 

							Caterpillar Inc. posted results that swept past expectations and increased its...   
 





Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands

							Jul 25th, 2017						 

							In Wisconsin, some workers at one company will soon have microchips implanted...   
 





Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials

							Jul 24th, 2017						 

							Late in 2017, Air France-KLM announced that it would be launching a new standalone...   
 





Feds Order Wells Fargo to Rehire Whistleblower

							Jul 23rd, 2017						 

							A U.S. federal agency ordered San Francisco-based Wells Fargo to re-hire the...   
 
 
 



Economy
China and U.S. Fail to Come to Agreement on Trade

					Jul 20th, 2017				





					China and the United States on Wednesday could not reach an agreement on major steps to lower the trade deficit in the U.S. with China, which has cast doubt over the security and economic relations...  
More »

Canadian Dollar Strengthens as Prices of Oil and Exports Rise
India Launches Ambitious Tax Reform
New Jobs Almost 50,000 Less than Expected
Debt in U.S. Households Returns
Retail Sales in U.S. Rise; Rebound in Consumer Prices
Jobs Market Rebounds, Adds Over 211,000 New Jobs
Governor Brown Signs Measure to Increase Gas Tax
Growth During First Quarter in U.S. Weakest in 36 Months




Health
Soda Tax in Cook Country Blocked by Judge

					Jul 1st, 2017				





					On Friday, a judge blocked the one cent per ounce tax in Cook County, Illinois on soda and other sweetened beverages until at least July 12. The tax would have gone into effect on July 1.
The...  
More »

Brazilian Beef Banned by U.S. Due to Concerns Over Safety
Overdose Treatment Has Increased in Price 680% in Three Years
Johnson & Johnson Expects Higher Results in Full Year 2017
Largest Bank in Ukraine Rescued by the State
Health Spending in U.S. Increased Nearly 6%
Athol Farm Meat Recalled by USDA
Aetna Pulling Out of Majority of Obamacare Exchanges
Italy Ready to Pass Legislation Pushing Vendors Not to Throw out Food




Business
Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads

					Jul 27th, 2017				





					Facebook’s mobile advertising segment expanded by over 50% during the second quarter, said officials from the company in their earnings report on Wednesday, as the giant social network established...  
More »

Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations
Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands
Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials
Feds Order Wells Fargo to Rehire Whistleblower
China Open Rice Market to Exports from U.S.
Frontier Airlines Doubling Its Size
Benefits of Trading with FxPro MetaTrader 4 (FxPro MT4)
Earnings for UnitedHealth Increase 30%, Forecast Increased






Technology
China Tightens Controls for Online Videos

					Jun 23rd, 2017				





					Three popular internet services in China have been ordered by officials to stop streaming video following complaints by censors that it contained comments that were improper related to sensitive...  
More »

Personal Data of 200 Million Voters Has Been Leaked
Tech’s Biggest Names to Meet at the White House
Apple Makes $1 Billion Investment in Tech Fund
High Tech Ready to Help Fight Against Lost Luggage
PC Market Drops, But Not As Much As Expected
Report: Google to Release Smartphone in 2016
Facebook Threatening to Delete Its Synced Photos If Photo App Not Downloaded
“Hitler” References Among Most Popular in Reddit Comments




Education
Nebraska Department of Education Grant Seeks to Improve Opportunities for Students After High School

					Feb 10th, 2016				





					If we distill the education system down to a single fundamental principle, most would probably argue that our schools are supposed to teach and prepare children for a productive adulthood.
Schools...  
More »

US Education System: Technology and Diversity
Should America Stop Standardized Testing?
Does America Need Technology Education Standards?
Can We Ever Achieve Education Equality?
America Needs Special Education Teachers




 
 
























Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Anthem, Inc. (NYSE:ANTM) Now Covered by Credit Suisse Group
TechTarget, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTGT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Snap’s (NYSE:SNAP) Equal Weight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC
Domtar Corporation (NYSE:UFS) Downgraded by BidaskClub
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) to Hold
Infosys Limited (NYSE:INFY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold
BidaskClub Lowers Artesian Resources Corporation (ARTNA) to Sell
Auxilio, Inc. (AUXO) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold
AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) SVP Sells $98,760.00 in Stock
Insider Selling: Tricon Capital Group Inc (TCN) Insider Sells 3,305 Shares of Stock
Robert Disbrow Purchases 28,500 Shares of Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Stock
Rockwell Medical, Inc. (RMTI) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Physicians Realty Trust (NYSE:DOC) Stock Rating Lowered by Raymond James Financial, Inc.
Waste Management (NYSE:WM) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Accern Reports
Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (LOW) Shares Sold by Martingale Asset Management L P
Mueller Industries (NYSE:MLI) versus Hutchinson Technology (HTCH) Critical Survey
SG Americas Securities LLC Purchases Shares of 5,051 Rexford Industrial Realty Inc (REXR)
Analyzing Assurant (NYSE:AIZ) and Marsh & McLennan Companies (MMC)
Becton, Dickinson and Company (NYSE:BDX) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research



 
 










































Client Login - CORDA Investment Management
































































 







Client Login ContactCall Us: 855.439.0665












 







Client Login





































CORDA Investment Management, LLC





Houston (Headquarters) 8955 Katy Freeway Suite 200 Houston, Texas 77024 Local: 281-407-1531
Austin Office 1101 S Capital of Texas Highway Building G, Suite 150 Austin, Texas 78746 Local: 512-518-6849 
Dallas Office 15660 N. Dallas Parkway Suite 1425 Dallas, Texas 75248 Local: 469-453-6498




Blog  •  Toll Free Phone: 855.439.0665  •  Disclosures







©2017 CORDA Investment Management, LLC. All rights reserved.

















Corda Investment Management Expands to AustinHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 1 hr.S&P 5002,467.75-10.08 (-0.41%)Dow 3021,735.82+24.81 (+0.11%)Nasdaq6,362.40-60.35 (-0.94%)Today's ChartsTODAY'S CHARTS: High expectations for Amazon earningsCorda Investment Management Expands to AustinMarketwireJanuary 28, 2013ReblogShareTweetShareHOUSTON, TX--(Marketwire - Jan 28, 2013) - Corda Investment Management, LLC (www.cordamanagement.com) has announced today the opening of a new office in Austin, Texas, which will serve that city's burgeoning business and investment community.In conjunction with the announcement, the firm also announced the appointment of industry veteran Gage Dahmann, who has opened the branch."We believe there will be a lot of growth in Austin as the economy expands in 2013," said Bonner C. Barnes, who founded Corda almost 15 years ago. "We have worked with families in central Texas for many years and wanted to better service those clients with a local presence." Corda is a value oriented investment management firm with a focus on income offering advisement to individuals, families, and businesses."Our core principle is to put our customer's interest first. We've been managing income and growth oriented portfolios for many years and have expanded recently to include a 401k product which has received an enthusiastic response from businesses and their employees," said Barnes. "They really like the fact that our programs are moderately priced, and that we have a wide selection of portfolios that they can offer their employees."Barnes said that the overall end-user experience is similar to what Corda offers now with its managed accounts -- "full transparency with a third party custodian housing the assets so you can review on a daily basis what you own and how it is performing."He added that the ability to bring in Dahmann, an experienced financial services professional with deep roots in Austin, made the firm's decision to expand an easy one."Gage is an ideal talent for the Austin office, someone who can connect with the business community, while assembling a team that can provide a personal touch to the businesses and their employees as well as individual clients," said Barnes.Dahmann, a graduate of Texas A&M University with a degree in Economics, began his career in the financial industry in 1997 with the full service brokerage firm A.G. Edwards & Sons in Austin, Texas.For additional information please visit www.cordamanagement.com or www.corda401k.com.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextMarine dog with cancer gets tear-filled farewellAssociated PressDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredJP Morgan's top market guru just identified a chilling pattern in the stock marketYahoo FinanceWall Street trims gains as tech stocks weighReutersAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chartMarketWatchEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredTrump goes after Amazon’s BezosYahoo Finance VideoHow Microsoft wants to bring broadband to rural AmericansYahoo FinanceUndefeated boxer who now fights MMA on Mayweather-McGregor fight: I don't know if it would matter if there were 2 Conor McGregors in that ringBusiness InsiderA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderBuffalo Wild Wings is killing one of customers' favorite dealsBusiness InsiderThrill ride OK'd hours before deadly state fair accidentAssociated PressWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredTexting and driving: This new tech will rat you outYahoo Finance VideoStocks surge to new highs as Facebook lifts NasdaqYahoo FinanceKellyanne Conway: Being Ethical Discourages Serving In GovernmentART: So being truthful  is a bad thing for the administration. Being a liar is honorable.Join the Conversation1 / 52.4k










CORDA Investment Management, LLC - Austin, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Austin



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            CORDA Investment Management, LLC
                                    



 















































CORDA Investment Management, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1101 S CAPITAL OF TEXAS HIGHWAY BUILDING G, SUITE 150 AUSTIN, TX 78746
Get Directions



(512) 518-6849
http://cordamanagement.com/
info@cordamanagement.com





Business Details

                                    Together we're invested.
                                



Products
Bios
Events
Menu





Business Info



 Founded 1999
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $93,067.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Headquartered in Houston, TX CORDA Investment Management, LLC is an Registered Investment Advisory firm founded by Bonner C. Barnes in 1999. We have offices in Austin, Houston and Dallas, and we serve over 1,000 families nationwide with our contrarian-minded value approach to investing.









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    9:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    9:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    9:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    9:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Friday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    9:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        













VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Videos












































The video failed to load.


Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















CORDA Investment Management, LLC, is Proud to Welcome New Client Support Specialist Terry Mendoza to the Team 

































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




CORDA Investment Management, LLC, is Proud to Welcome New Client Support Specialist Terry Mendoza to the Team



Share Article


















Houston investment firm hires new client support specialist.







Bonner C. Barnes



(PRWEB)
July 26, 2017
 Since 1999, Houston-based CORDA Investment Management, LLC, has brought its contrarian investing approach to more than 1000 families nationwide. Developed by Warren Buffett and Benjamin Graham, among others, the contrarian approach invests in solid companies with strong long-term prospects that are temporarily out of favor with Wall Street.
As a fee-only investment firm, CORDA’s hand-picked team members pride themselves on honoring their fiduciary responsibility to the firm’s clients. CORDA carefully customizes each client’s portfolio to fit that client’s needs and goals. Today, the company is proud to announce that they have selected a new client support specialist to join their team.
About Terry Mendoza
Terry brings a passion for client service and a can-do attitude to helping all clients exceed their goals. Before joining Corda, she was in the water industry for eight years, working with a company that drilled and serviced water wells all over the world.
A proud mother of four and grandmother of three, Terry spends her free time reading, camping, and traveling. Her favorite places on Earth include Thailand, Hawaii, Playa del Carman, and Mazatlán. She loves dogs, particularly her boxer named Zappa.
About Corda Management
CORDA Investment Management, LLC, is an investment advisory firm that provides wealth management services for clients nationwide. CORDA’s headquarters is in Houston, and the firm also has offices in Austin and Dallas. To learn more, visit http://cordamanagement.com or call (855) 439-0665.



Share article on social media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Teresa Queal
Corda Management +1 (855) 439-0665
				Email >
			
Follow us on







News Center













CORDA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, LLC. Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






CORDA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, LLC.






8955 KATY FREEWAY, HOUSTON,  Texas, 77024, 


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
62


New Positions
6


Increased Positions
29


Decreased Positions
33


Positions with Activity
62


Sold Out Positions
4


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
699



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
10.23%


Basic Materials
4.94%


Industrials
7.86%


Consumer Cyclicals
2.95%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
23.06%


Financials
28.9%


Healthcare
14.55%


Technology
2.02%


Telecommunication Services
5.18%


Utilities
0.3%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






62 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



DEERE & CO
COM
37,410
-901
(2.35)
292,678


SANOFI
SPONSORED ADR
30,082
1,808
6.40
626,438


COCA COLA CO
COM
28,268
1,138
4.19
618,022


JOHNSON & JOHNSON
COM
27,671
-235
(0.84)
211,313


DIAGEO P L C
SPON ADR NEW
26,859
-21
(0.08)
222,693


TORONTO DOMINION BK ONT
COM NEW
25,997
-560
(2.11)
500,712


TOTAL S A
SPONSORED ADR
21,639
613
2.92
429,436


PROCTER AND GAMBLE CO
COM
20,894
-458
(2.14)
233,971


ISHARES TR
IBONDS DEC20 ETF
19,945
1,308
7.02
780,015


WELLTOWER INC
COM
19,495
1,090
5.92
265,996


VODAFONE GROUP PLC NEW
SPONSORED ADR
19,313
1,367
7.62
662,097


UNILEVER PLC
SPON ADR NEW
19,106
1,132
6.30
334,723


PFIZER INC
COM
19,085
1,160
6.47
580,261


CME GROUP INC
COM
19,070
-168
(0.88)
156,533


PEPSICO INC
COM
18,319
-124
(0.67)
156,315


BHP BILLITON PLC
SPONSORED ADR
17,897
-590
(3.19)
502,447


UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORP
COM
17,520
-440
(2.45)
146,563


ENBRIDGE INC
COM
17,273
-472
(2.66)
413,916


VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC
COM
15,332
2,314
17.77
345,312


AGRIUM INC
COM
15,326
15,326
New
154,810




<< first< previous1234next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Shiloh Industries Develops Lightweight Aluminum Cast Rear Solid Beam Axle Housing
                        



	                     2:37PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Ballast Point Brings San Diego to Chicago with New Tasting Room and Kitchen
                        



	                     2:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Twitter shares tumble as user growth stalls
                        



	                     2:19PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE- Twitter, New York Times, F5 Networks
                        



	                     2:18PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            C&F Financial Corporation Announces Second Quarter Net Income
                        



	                     1:58PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX




































Corda Investment Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Corda Investment Management, LLC


Corda Investment Management, LLC
(CRD# 108046) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Houston, TX.
They
manage $702,000,000 in 2,056 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 27 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Corda Investment Management, LLC




8955 Katy Freeway, Suite 200,
Houston,
TX
77024
713-439-0665
http://cordamanagement.com/




http://cordamanagement.com/







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

702
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

2,056
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$341,440







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, HI, IL, LA, MA, MI, MN, MO, MS, NJ, NM, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA, WI






Financial Advisors at Corda Investment Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 10 of 16 top financial advisors.





1















Jeffrey T. Dodson



CRD#:
2396065



8955 Katy Freeway, Suite 200,
Houston,
TX
77024




93

Wealthminder
score








Jeffrey Dodson (CRD# 2396065) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corda Investment Management, LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 23 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Jonathan P. English



CRD#:
4371304



8955 Katy Freeway, Suite 200,
Houston,
TX
77024




93

Wealthminder
score








Jonathan English (CRD# 4371304) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corda Investment Management, LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 15 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Craig A. Fowlkes



CRD#:
4302018



8955 Katy Freeway, Suite 200,
Houston,
TX
77024




93

Wealthminder
score








Craig Fowlkes (CRD# 4302018) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corda Investment Management, LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Jason M. Iacobucci



CRD#:
4337618



8955 Katy Freeway, Suite 200,
Houston,
TX
77024




93

Wealthminder
score








Jason Iacobucci (CRD# 4337618) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corda Investment Management, LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Eyal Lavie



CRD#:
5051392



8955 Katy Freeway, Suite 200,
Houston,
TX
77024




93

Wealthminder
score








Eyal Lavie (CRD# 5051392) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corda Investment Management, LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 11 years
of experience in the finance industry.






6















Dalsamy Porrata-Doria



CRD#:
4583027



8955 Katy Freeway, Suite 200,
Houston,
TX
77024




93

Wealthminder
score








Dalsamy Porrata-Doria (CRD# 4583027) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corda Investment Management, LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 14 years
of experience in the finance industry.






7















Teresa S. Queal



CRD#:
2958569



8955 Katy Freeway, Suite 200,
Houston,
TX
77024




93

Wealthminder
score








Teresa Queal (CRD# 2958569) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corda Investment Management, LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 18 years
of experience in the finance industry.






8















John P. Schloegel



CRD#:
2227362



8955 Katy Freeway, Suite 200,
Houston,
TX
77024




93

Wealthminder
score








John Schloegel (CRD# 2227362) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corda Investment Management, LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.






9















Timothy B. Wolfcale



CRD#:
1410116



8955 Katy Freeway, Suite 200,
Houston,
TX
77024




93

Wealthminder
score








Timothy Wolfcale (CRD# 1410116) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corda Investment Management, LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 31 years
of experience in the finance industry.






10















Kimberli L. Deutsch



CRD#:
1769269



8955 Katy Freeway, Suite 200,
Houston,
TX
77024




90

Wealthminder
score








Kimberli Deutsch (CRD# 1769269) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corda Investment Management, LLC in Houston, TX and has 
over 5 years
of experience in the finance industry.







1
2
... Next






Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














Services | Corda Investment Management Houston, TX 77024 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeInvestment Advisory Service near Houston, TXCorda Investment ManagementServicesCorda Investment Management8955 Katy Fwy Ste 304, Houston, TX 77024(713) 439-0665View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishFinancial Services AccountingAccounting ServicesPlanningFinancial PlanningRetirement PlanningAnnuitiesInvestmentWealth ManagementInvesting can be tricky, and those who are new to investing can quickly start to feel overwhelmed. At CORDA Investment Management, LLC, we follow the contrarian approach pioneered by Warren Buffett and Benjamin Graham. This approach allows us to find solid companies with strong long-term potential that are temporarily trading at a discount. In addition, here are 10 wealth management quotes that can help guide your investing strategy.Investment ManagementThis website is a publication of CordaÂ Investment Management, LLC. Information presented is believed to be factual and up-to-date, but we do not guarantee its accuracy and it should not be regarded as a complete analysis of the subjects discussed. All expressions of opinion reflect the judgment of the authors as of the date of publication and are subject to change. Content should not be viewed as personalized investment advice or as an offer to buy or sell, or a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned.Mutual FundsCORDA does not sell products. We prefer to use individual stocks and/or bonds to build a portfolio. On occasion, we will use other securities, such as Exchange Traded Funds, for smaller accounts or for additional diversification.Send to PhoneCorda Investment Management8955 Katy Fwy Ste 304, Houston, TX 77024(713) 439-0665Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailCorda Investment Management8955 Katy Fwy Ste 304, Houston, TX 77024(713) 439-0665Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback

需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












U.S. Trust - Investment Management




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Investment Management
Insights, Strategies and Solutions
Our experienced professionals have expertise in a broad spectrum of traditional, alternative and non-financial assets.  We can work with you to develop and manage a portfolio tailored to your needs.






Portfolio Consulting
A collaborative dialogue with your portfolio manager
Your portfolio manager is a key member of your U.S. Trust relationship team and serves as your personal "chief investment officer." He or she will work with you to create an Investment Policy Statement, which serves as a blueprint for your portfolio by documenting your:

Objectives
Risk tolerance
Cash flow needs
 Tax situation
Wealth aspirations

Your portfolio manager's ongoing role is to incorporate our best strategic and tactical thinking, most relevant research analysis, current market insights and appropriate investment solutions into your portfolio. He or she will regularly monitor your portfolio to make sure it conforms to your Investment Policy Statement, which will be updated whenever there are significant changes in your life or goals.
Asset management
A more complete approach to asset allocation1
We analyze a wide range of asset classes, including hedge and private equity funds2 and global investment opportunities, as potential components of an asset allocation. In addition, we believe that true diversification requires managing for cash flows across and within asset classes in various market environments — not simply allocating according to a grid.
Your asset allocation will be based on the long-term expectations established for each asset class by our most senior investment professionals. Over the shorter term, however, your portfolio manager can adjust your portfolio tactically in response to emerging opportunities and risks, and reflecting U.S. Trust insights about trends and themes relevant to you.
How you own your assets — personally or in trusts; in taxable or tax-exempt solutions — can have a material impact on the overall performance of your portfolio. At U.S. Trust we focus on this wealth structuring aspect of your portfolio in conjunction with managing the assets themselves.
Alternative Investments
SOPHISTICATED SOLUTIONS TO MEET YOUR NEEDS2
Alternative investments at U.S. Trust focus on non-traditional assets such as:

Hedge funds
Private equity
Real estate and tangible assets

Because performance is often differentiated from equity and fixed income markets, alternative investments may be an ideal complement to traditional investments. 
Through our access to the industry's premier managers, we are able to offer solutions that provide options for all client segments. And we support you every step of the way with knowledge built on our experience in alternatives, including industry-leading research, rigorous due diligence, and cutting-edge portfolio construction.
Drawing from the experience, resources and expertise of the firm, you and your portfolio manager can explore alternative investments that can help you pursue what matters most to you.
Specialty asset management
Expertise in nonfinancial assets3
Specialty asset management at U.S. Trust focuses on nonfinancial assets such as:

Farm and ranch land
Timberland
Oil and gas properties
Private businesses
Real estate

Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist, as appropriate, to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
We can help you realize your objectives with assets you already own, or help you acquire specific assets to take advantage of their capital growth and diversification potential — whether you own these assets outright or they are held in trust.
Our team of specialists can provide complete turnkey services including identifying and purchasing real property and providing ongoing management.
Capital markets
Sophisticated market-linked solutions4
Through our access to the resources of Merrill Lynch, one of the world's leading capital markets participants, we can tailor approaches to risks and opportunities in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity and equity markets. Derivative-based transactions target the risks you seek to hedge, and are designed to dovetail with your overall portfolio and wealth management strategies.

1 Asset allocation and diversification do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
2 Alternative Investments such as derivatives, hedge funds, private equity funds, and funds of funds can result in higher return potential but also higher loss potential. Changes in economic conditions or other circumstances may adversely affect your investments. Before you invest in alternative investments, you should consider your overall financial situation, how much money you have to invest, your need for liquidity, and your tolerance for risk. Alternative investments are speculative and involve a high degree of risk.
3 Nonfinancial assets, such as closely-held businesses, real estate, oil, gas and mineral properties, and timber, farm and ranch land, are complex in nature and involve risks including total loss of value.  Special risk considerations include natural events (for example, earthquakes or fires), complex tax considerations, and lack of liquidity.  Nonfinancial assets are not suitable for all investors.  Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager, and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax, or estate planning strategy.
4 Brokerage services are provided by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Certain U.S. Trust associates are registered representatives with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S") and may assist you with investment products and services provided through MLPF&S and other nonbank investment affiliates. MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."). U.S. Trust operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp.
AR-ARY4G4DX-EXP-2017.06.17 






Videos:


Investment Management




Portfolio Construction



Fixed Income Solutions



Specialty Asset Manangement

View More Videos






You Might Also Be Interested In:

Wealth Structuring
Credit & Banking
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Institutional Investment Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

A Transforming World


Impact Investing




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   






	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































