










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 




Core Ventures II, LLC: Board of Directors - Bloomberg






































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:18 AM ET

Company Overview of Core Ventures II, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Core Ventures II, LLC INSIDERS ON Board Members
Name (Connections)RelationshipsTitleAgeJohn Cleary  No RelationshipsManaging Director--
Other Board Members on Board Members
Name (Connections)RelationshipsType of Board MembersPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Other Board Members data available.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Connected People on the Core Ventures II, LLC BoardNameRelationshipsJohn   Cleary  No Relationships










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Core Ventures II, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























































REVOLUTIONIZINGFINANCIAL SERVICES




Portfolio
Approach
Team
Insights
Contact Us







INVESTING INUPWARDMOBILITY FOREVERYDAYAMERICANS


We align value with values. We invest in companies that deliver more efficient, well-designed financial products that save people time and money, create upward mobility, and scale broadly – driving both profit margins and consumer value.




Our Portfolio



Technology is at the core of exponential change, improving transparency, reducing risk, and leveling overhead costs. Our portfolio companies harness technology to build transformative financial products and services.

























Market Potential






Investment Criteria
High growth financial technology companies
World-class management teams
Outsized value creation for US-based consumers
Seed through growth stage
$1-4 million initial investments





Our Team



We leverage our deep expertise in financial services and technology to help entrepreneurs build disruptive, high growth businesses. Our relationships span major banks, credit bureaus, card networks, processors, money transmitters, regulators, advocates, and investors. Our partnership with the preeminent consumer finance think tank, the Center for Financial Services Innovation, gives our entrepreneurs access to leading industry partners, market research and consumer insights.

Arjan Schütte
Founder and Managing Partner

LinkedIn Blog Forbes Blog Twitter 


Kathleen Utecht
Managing Partner

LinkedIn Twitter 


Colleen Poynton
Vice President

LinkedIn Blog Twitter 


Alex Davidov
Vice President

LinkedIn Blog Twitter 


Ramtin Naimi
Hustler in Residence

LinkedIn Twitter 


Zev Wexler
COO/CFO

LinkedIn 


Monique Villa
Chief of Staff

LinkedIn Twitter 


Adam Rosasco
Executive Assistant

LinkedIn 





Insights





SLICING UP THE GECKO
How tech start-ups can disrupt a $5 trillion industry
Read more




(10)99 PROBLEMS & W-2s AIN’T ONE
Self-employment and the future of financial services
Read more




FOLLOW US ON MEDIUM
For our latest industry insights and announcements
Read more







In the News
























Contact Us





Los Angeles
San Francisco


323.951.1505











  best monitors for photo editing .  duckdose .  casino bonus codes  


©2017 CORE INNOVATION CAPITAL

		



  best monitors for photo editing .  duckdose .  casino bonus codes 


Core Ventures LLC                                                                                                        - Vernon                                            , CT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



Vernon



Business Services, Nec



Business Services, Nec



                            Core Ventures LLC
                                    



 





















C 


Core Ventures LLC                                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



166 BOX MOUNTAIN DR VERNON, CT 06066
Get Directions



(860) 645-0323
 





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated CT
 Annual Revenue $120,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services, Nec
 Contacts Robert S Regina                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Core Ventures Llc                                                                                                        is located at 166 Box Mountain Dr in Vernon and has been in the business of Business Services, Nec since 2008. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















News | Core Ventures Group








































English
Español
日本語



















Views from the Core




Nikkei Business Daily
May 19, 2017


Pioneering AI in FinTech Solutions


Most Silicon Valley investors anticipate technology trends by staying close to the most audacious entrepreneurs in their network. We are no exception and are delighted to occasionally showcase the world-class founders we rely on. Today we'd like to introduce you via interview to Adal Flores, Founder and CEO of Kueski, the leading fintech company in Mexico.
Read full article




Nikkei Business Daily
March 30, 2017


A Silicon Valley Headline That Will Not Go Away: Where Are All the Women?


Silicon Valley considers itself a meritocracy. As we wrote in our last column, the role of immigrants in creating technology companies that drive wholesale market transitions and ultimately massive market values has been remarkable.  Immigrants’ success in Silicon Valley is a testament to an ecosystem open to vision, intelligence, hard work and hustle...
Read full article




Nikkei Business Daily
February 14, 2017


Silicon Valley’s Love Affair with Immigrants


Joanna Drake Earl General Partner, Core Ventures Group Silicon Valley is a terrific place to realize the American Dream. From its earliest chapters in the mid-1900s, Silicon Valley has been an environment uniquely friendly to ambitious self-starters who may have big ideas, intelligence and chutzpah, but not much more. In many traditional US industries like...
Read full article




Nikkei Business Daily
January 31, 2017


Top 5 Common Silicon Valley start-up misunderstandings about Japanese Corporates:


Joanna Drake Earl General Partner, Core Ventures Group In our last column, we published the top 5 common Japanese misunderstandings that we see in Silicon Valley. We thought it appropriate to take the reverse angle and share the most frequent misunderstandings that Western start-ups have about doing business with Japanese companies. “Despite, Japanese companies’ reputation...
Read full article




Nikkei Business Daily
December 8, 2016


Five Common Misunderstandings about Silicon Valley Start-Ups:


The accelerators in Silicon Valley are largely organized to help outside founders who don’t have much experience with Silicon Valley startups or who don’t have a local network and, therefore, need help navigating fundraising, sourcing talent and general company building...
Read full article




2Q16


                        View from the Core                        (excerpt from Letter to LP's)


Because our first filter when evaluating new investment is exceptional founders, we are often asked how we define exceptional. We work against an established, but constantly evolving definition and employ an evaluation methodology that focuses on personal characteristics, training and market and domain expertise, startup experience and work style. While the first and final criteria may seem “soft”, at the earliest seed stage when there is nothing but an idea and founder experiences, we rely most on our instincts around the founders’ people power and capacity for learning and adapting.




1Q16


                        View from the Core                        (excerpt from Letter to LP's)


In the middle of devaluation of the Silicon Valley bubble, it is worthwhile revisiting the underlying causes and amplifiers. One reason that private start­up valuation inflation continues is a lack of a systematic instruments for shorting private tech stocks. If there were such a mechanism, there would be more persistent and healthy downward pressure on private company valuations. Another factor is the widespread market information disparity that is currently exacerbated by a wave of nontraditional investors (corporate and overseas) setting prices as they play a growing role in early and late stage start­up financings. In short, information travels slowly and outside investors are often the last to know.



VIEW ARCHIVE














If you want to contact us We place a high priority on meeting with start-ups that are referred by someone we know. If you aren’t already connected to our network, feel free to send us an email. Forgive us in advance for only responding to cold introductions that are absolutely fascinating.

 













Core Ventures Group | Seed stage venture capital for impactful businesses










































English
Español
日本語


















English We speak founder.
 






Finally: Add music to your marketing mix
Jeff Yasuda, Lauren Pufpaf
& Eric Lambrecht
Feed.fm





Build as fast as you think
Danielle Applestone
Other Machine Company





First online-only lender in Mexico
Adalberto Flores Ochoa
Kueski





Your on-demand bookkeeping team
Adam Saint, Jordan Menashy & Ian Crosby
Bench





Internet enabling the professional kitchen
Na’ama Moran & Peretz Partensky
Sourcery





Revolutionize how teams build product
Bismarck Lepe
Wizeline





Harnessing the power of AI
Abhik Majumdar, Alex Holub
& Phil West
Vidora





The dialtone for industrial IoT
Mike Johnson, Ryo Koyama
& Doug Olkein
Remot3.it





Leverage the power of social influence
Chris Hart
True Anthem





Putting big data in the hands of business people
Sean Knapp
Ascend





Maximizing app engagement with AI
Phil Crosby, Mark Ellis
& Harry Robertson
Liftoff





Next generation web app security
Julien Bellanger & Kunal Anand
Prevoty








We speak founder. Core Ventures Group is a seed stage venture capital firm. We use our financial and human capital to support exceptional founders who are leveraging advanced technologies to build impactful businesses.

 


                        	                        	                            Contact
                                                    



English © Core Ventures Group, LLC
 










If you want to contact us We place a high priority on meeting with start-ups that are referred by someone we know. If you aren’t already connected to our network, feel free to send us an email. Forgive us in advance for only responding to cold introductions that are absolutely fascinating.

 













About CVG | Core Ventures Group






































English
Español
日本語












Entrepreneurs
are Core.






The why: our mission
We founded Core Ventures Group to support world-class entrepreneurs in building valuable businesses. We are experienced operators who work closely with a concentrated portfolio of founders from the seed stage. We draw from our entrepreneurial experiences and diverse human capital networks to help start-ups overcome early market challenges and build not just breakthrough products, but solid sustainable businesses.



We put our financial and human capital to work.



An engaged investment model
We invest in relatively few companies and work closely with the founders on strategy and operations. We are rigorous in creating actionable strategies and supporting continuous improvement. We remain calm at all times, because every start-up faces serious challenges and surprises.



Leadership and experience are at the core.



Founder focus
We invest in curious and ambitious founders of the highest character and integrity who are committed to assembling well-rounded business and technical teams. In our experience, these are core strengths upon which great companies are built. We primarily invest in seed stage companies with proven business models and advanced technologies.



We leverage our diverse and global partner network.






        	            “It has been a privilege working with CVG. Rarely do you find investors with such an eagerness to lean-in when you require, give you space when you do not, and with such a profound sense of confident humility and collaboration. If I ever find myself starting another company, they will be the first ones I call.”
                    

Sean Knapp
            Founder & CEO, Ascend.io        



        	            “Founders need more than just capital - we need smart people in our corner. Joanna and Shinya have been instrumental in our growth as an organization. Their battle-tested methodology for finding product market fit saved us immeasurable time and headache. In addition to operational guidance, they consistently go the extra mile to leverage their networks when we are searching for talent or need key customer introductions.”
                    

Lauren Pufpaf
            Co-Founder & CMO, Feed.fm        



        	            “CVG has been among the best investors I have had the pleasure of working with. As seed investors, CVG has been instrumental in helping us raise most of our capital, including a credit facility of $90M, assembling a world class executive and advisory team, and building our knowledge platform... They are ready to roll up their sleeves to see you succeed. Above all, the CVG team are true partners and friends, and the most kind, humble, and friendly investors we know.”
                    

Adalberto Flores
            Founder & CEO, Kueski        



        	            “CVG has distinguished itself as a particularly valuable resource as we've grown our company. Shinya and Joanna are skilled thought partners bringing their entrepreneurial and operational expertise to bear. They are very proactive at opening up their extensive global networks to help with commercial deals, strategic partnerships or fund raising opportunities. Liftoff's value has been boosted by having CVG in our corner.”
                    

Mark Ellis
            Co-Founder & CEO, Liftoff        



        	            “Joanna and Shinya bring years of operating experience to venture investing. Shinya has worked closely with our team to develop and analyze go-to-market strategies.”
                    

Bismarck Lepe
            Founder & CEO, Wizeline        



        	            “From day one with CVG I felt that we were on the same side of the table. Because Shinya and Joanna have operational backgrounds, it was a lot like having two CEO coaches during the beginning of OMC's history. I've benefited greatly from their specific feedback at critical times, and there have been points when they helped me make moves earlier than I would have known to take action. I highly recommend working with them, as they are never too busy to connect, but they have world-class talents as business leaders.”
                    

Danielle Applestone
            Founder & CEO, Other Machine Company        



        	            “The founders/investors relationship is a marriage with very little dating and no option for divorce. The Core Ventures Group team are both entrepreneurs and investors which gives them the unique ability to understand and work with start-ups. CVG is a great supporter in good and bad times. They have been an amazing part of our team operationally and as advisors.”
                    

Julian Bellanger
            Co-Founder & CEO, Prevoty        






Who We Are
The Core Ventures Group partners are serial entrepreneurs who have founded and built world-class companies from the ground up. We source our investment opportunities and related talent searches from rich relationship networks that we have nurtured via direct involvement in over 50 Silicon Valley companies over 20 years each.











Shinya Akamine
General Partner

Shinya Akamine earned B.S., M.S. and Ph.D., degrees from Stanford in Electrical Engineering. He was recognized by Stanford for being one of its most prolific inventors. Shinya was part of the team that opened the first McKinsey & Company’s Silicon Valley office. After successfully mastering business spreadsheets as a management consultant, he went on to play executive leadership roles at four Silicon Valley venture-backed technology start-ups, including serving as GM at Cygnus Solutions (sold to Red Hat) and serving as Founder and CEO of Postini (sold to Google). Shinya speaks four languages: English, Japanese, Spanish and Founder.








Joanna Drake
General Partner

Joanna entered the business world from Stanford University as a management consultant with Booz Allen’s Media and Technology practice. She became a serial start-up executive beginning in the late 1990s. She has launched many world’s “first” award winning media technology products: personalized video newscasts from ReacTV, advanced set top box media services via Moxi, and Viewer Created TV at Current TV. Her most recent executive role was running the Western operations for leading Japanese public mobile company DeNA as COO. Joanna is a board member of the most prominent female Executive group C200 and the preeminent angel investor group Broadway Angels.













If you want to contact us We place a high priority on meeting with start-ups that are referred by someone we know. If you aren’t already connected to our network, feel free to send us an email. Forgive us in advance for only responding to cold introductions that are absolutely fascinating.

 


















Core Venture Partners | Financial Advisory Services



















































949.725.0380
joe@corevp.com



Facebook




Twitter




Google




RSS


  





Facebook




Twitter




Google




RSS



  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 









Core Venture Partners, LLC
Business Advisory






 






Business Advisory

 
 
 




Mergers and Acquisitions

 
 
 




Joint Ventures and Strategic Partnerships

 
 
 




Technology Consulting

 
 
 
 
 




About Us

 
 
 



Overview
Core Venture Partners, LLC, is a merchant banking and advisory firm, formed to focus on the underserved middle market sector.

 
 


Mission Statement
To provide advisory services to emerging and middle market companies in the areas of finance, technology and management.

 
 
 
 




Industry Sectors

 
 
 





Medical Devices

 
 
 




Technology

 
 
 




Entertainment

 
 
 




Real Estate

 
 
 
 
 




Contact Information
To find out more about our business, consulting and financial advisory.

Email

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















