

	CoreCommodity Management LLC































Firm Overview
|
Leadership

> Bradford L. Klein   Co-Founder
> Adam De Chiara   Co-Founder,   Portfolio Manager


|
Contact











 










Experience.
Leadership.
Commodities.
> LEARN MORE






© 2017 CoreCommodity Management LLC

Home    |    Disclosure    |    Privacy Policy









	CoreCommodity Management LLC































Firm Overview
|
Leadership

> Bradford L. Klein   Co-Founder
> Adam De Chiara   Co-Founder,   Portfolio Manager


|
Contact











 




















     Adam De Chiara

Co-Founder, Portfolio Manager

     Adam De Chiara is a Co-Founder of CoreCommodity Management, LLC and the Portfolio Manager of the CoreCommodity Programs. In 2003, Mr. De Chiara co-founded the commodity asset management group at Jefferies, which became independent as CoreCommodity in 2013. Prior to Jefferies, Mr. De Chiara founded and headed the commodity index group at AIG Trading Group, where he designed and launched the Dow Jones-AIG Commodity Index (now the Bloomberg Commodity Index). Mr. De Chiara began his commodity career in 1991 at Goldman Sachs where he was responsible for trading the Goldman Sachs Commodity Index (“GSCI”). Prior to Goldman, Mr. De Chiara practiced law at Sullivan & Cromwell in New York. Mr. De Chiara received a B.A. magna cum laude from Harvard University and a J.D. with honors from Harvard Law School.














© 2017 CoreCommodity Management LLC

Home    |    Disclosure    |    Privacy Policy









	CoreCommodity Management LLC































Firm Overview
|
Leadership

> Bradford L. Klein   Co-Founder
> Adam De Chiara   Co-Founder,   Portfolio Manager


|
Contact











 















     CoreCommodity Management, LLC

     680 Washington Blvd.
     11th Floor
     Stamford, CT 06901
     Phone: 203.708.6500
     Fax: 888.596.1014
     Email: Investor_Relations@CoreCommodityllc.com

      

> Click here for driving directions and map










         




         "Our team helped pioneer the adoption of commodities as an asset class by the institutional investment community."









  







© 2017 CoreCommodity Management LLC

Home    |    Disclosure    |    Privacy Policy









	CoreCommodity Management LLC































Firm Overview
|
Leadership

> Bradford L. Klein   Co-Founder
> Adam De Chiara   Co-Founder,   Portfolio Manager


|
Contact











 















					Mutual Funds

					ALPS/CoreCommodity Management CompleteCommoditiesSM Strategy Fund,
					Class A




Robert B. Hyman
								Senior Vice President
								CoreCommodity Management





> Performance |  > Distributions |  > Holdings |  > Fund Literature










								 




									"The Fund offers comprehensive access to global commodity and commodity equity markets."









					Fund Description

					Summary

					The ALPS/CoreCommodity Management CompleteCommoditiesSM Strategy Fund (the "Fund") seeks to maximize real returns, consistent with prudent investment management.

					The Fund seeks to maximize total returns through strategic allocation within the global commodities markets, including commodity equities, commodity futures and US Treasury Inflation Protected Securities (TIPS).

					CompleteCommodities, as developed by CoreCommodity Management, LLC, is an investment approach that actively combines Commodity and Commodity Equity Investments.


						Commodity Investments are investments in commodity futures contracts, commodity swaps, options on commodity futures, commodity-linked notes and may at times include direct or indirect investments in physical commodities.

						Commodity Equity Investments are generally investments in companies primarily engaged in the production and distribution of commodities and commodity-related products.


					Investment Rationale

					Potential for capital appreciation and diversification. Macroeconomic factors, including population growth, economic expansion in emerging markets, and depleting resources, all favor potential growth in commodities markets.

					Diversified Investments in the Global Commodity Markets

					The Fund offers comprehensive exposure to the commodity markets through investments in global Commodity Equities and Commodity Futures Related Investments. The portfolio management team seeks to rebalance between these complementary sectors to maximize real returns, consistent with prudent investment management.

					Potential Benefits

					The Fund can:


						Complement a well-diversified portfolio of stocks and bonds with comprehensive access to global commodity markets

						Reduce overall portfolio volatility and can help increase expected returns through the benefits of diversification offered through investments in commodities

						Reduce the implicit costs of investing in commodity indices (or "contango") incurred in "rolling" futures contracts (process of replacing expiring futures positions with new contracts)

						Provide access to investments in difficult to access commodity markets such as steel, iron, uranium, fertilizers and other commodities


					Important Risks and Disclosures

Please refer to the prospectus for complete information regarding all risks associated with the fund. 

					This fund is not suitable for all investors. Subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested.

					Derivatives generally are more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments; this could result in losses that significantly exceed the fund's original investment.

					The following is a description of the principal risks of the Fund's portfolio that may adversely affect its net asset value and total return. There are other circumstances (including additional risks that are not described here) which could prevent the Fund from achieving its investment objective. It is important to read all of the disclosure information provided and to understand that you may lose money by investing in the Fund.

Commodity Risk

					The Fund's investments in Commodity-Related Equities and Commodity-Linked Derivatives may subject the Fund to significantly greater volatility than investments in traditional securities and involve substantial risks, including risk of a significant portion on their principal value. The commodities markets and the prices of various commodities may fluctuate widely based on a variety of factors. Because the Fund's performance is linked to the performance of highly volatile commodities, investors should consider purchasing shares of the Fund only as part of an overall diversified portfolio and should be willing to assume the risks of potentially significant fluctuations in the value of the Fund.

Risks of Investing in Commodity-Linked Derivatives and Leverage Risk.

					Commodity-Linked Derivatives are subject to the risk that the market value of the Commodity-Linked Derivative itself or the market value of the underlying instrument will change in a way adverse to the Fund's interests. In addition, such instruments may experience potentially dramatic price changes (losses) and imperfect correlations between the price of the contract and the underlying security or index. As a result, the Fund may incur larger losses or smaller gains than otherwise would be the case if the Fund invested directly in the underlying securities. A highly liquid secondary market may not exist for certain Commodity-Linked Derivatives, and there can be no assurance that one will develop. Certain derivative transactions may give rise to a form of leverage. Leverage magnifies the potential for gain and the risk of loss. Leveraging may cause the Fund to liquidate portfolio positions to satisfy its obligations or to meet segregation requirements when it may not be advantageous to do so.

Counterparty Risk

					In connection with the Fund's direct and indirect investments in Commodity-Linked Derivatives, the Fund will attempt to manage its counterparty exposure so as to limit its exposure to any one counterparty. However, due to the limited number of entities that may serve as counterparties (and which the Fund believes are creditworthy) at any one time the Fund may enter into Commodity-Linked Derivative transactions with a limited number of counterparties or issued by a limited number of issuers that will act as counterparties, which may increase the Fund's exposure to counterparty credit risk.

					Diversification does not eliminate the risk of experiencing investment losses.

An investor should consider the Fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. To obtain a prospectus containing this and other information, please call 877.526.9298 or click here. Read the prospectus carefully before investing

					The ALPS/CoreCommodity Management CompleteCommoditiesSM Strategy Fund is distributed by ALPS Portfolio Solutions Distributor, Inc.

					The ALPS/CoreCommodity Management CompleteCommoditiesSM Strategy Fund is: Not FDIC Insured - No Bank Guarantee - May Lose Value.

					Generally, the Commodity Futures-Linked Investments will be made through the Fund's Cayman Islands subsidiary. The Fund will generally invest up to 25% of its total assets in the Cayman subsidiary, consistent with the limits of the federal tax law requirements applicable to registered investment companies.

					ALPS Advisors, Inc. and CoreCommodity Management, LLC are registered with the CFTC as the Commodity Pool Operator and respectively as the Commodity Trading Adviser and both are NFA members.





	 







© 2017 CoreCommodity Management LLC

Home    |    Disclosure    |    Privacy Policy









	CoreCommodity Management LLC































Firm Overview
|
Leadership

> Bradford L. Klein   Co-Founder
> Adam De Chiara   Co-Founder,   Portfolio Manager


|
Contact











 















     Leadership

     The CoreCommodity Management team have held senior executive positions in several of the world’s largest commodity trading firms, dating back to the 1980s. Our team collectively helped pioneer the adoption of commodities as an asset class by the institutional investment community.

     The CoreCommodity Management team are innovators in the enhanced commodity product market, designing and promoting techniques for generating outperformance relative to the leading benchmark indices.










         




         "Our senior staff in portfolio management, legal, finance and operations average more than two decades of experience in the commodity markets."















© 2017 CoreCommodity Management LLC

Home    |    Disclosure    |    Privacy Policy









	CoreCommodity Management LLC































Firm Overview
|
Leadership

> Bradford L. Klein   Co-Founder
> Adam De Chiara   Co-Founder,   Portfolio Manager


|
Contact











 















					Firm Overview

					CoreCommodity Management is an independent investment advisor which has provided investment management services to sovereign wealth funds, public and corporate pensions, and endowments and foundations seeking commodities exposure.

					As of December 31, 2016, we manage approximately $5.6 billion in assets through our commodity alternative investment programs. We feature programs that are discretionary active strategies designed to provide enhanced commodity exposure.

					We are an Investment Advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, a Commodity Trading Advisor and Commodity Pool Operator registered with the Commodities Future Trading Commission and a member of the National Futures Association.

					Additionally, individual investors seeking access to commodities as an asset class can do so through a registered investment company.










								 




									"Since 2003, the firm has provided enhanced commodity exposure to institutional investors globally."









	 







© 2017 CoreCommodity Management LLC

Home    |    Disclosure    |    Privacy Policy









	CoreCommodity Management LLC































Firm Overview
|
Leadership

> Bradford L. Klein   Co-Founder
> Adam De Chiara   Co-Founder,   Portfolio Manager


|
Contact











 















     Leadership

     The CoreCommodity Management team have held senior executive positions in several of the world’s largest commodity trading firms, dating back to the 1980s. Our team collectively helped pioneer the adoption of commodities as an asset class by the institutional investment community.

     The CoreCommodity Management team are innovators in the enhanced commodity product market, designing and promoting techniques for generating outperformance relative to the leading benchmark indices.










         




         "Our senior staff in portfolio management, legal, finance and operations average more than two decades of experience in the commodity markets."















© 2017 CoreCommodity Management LLC

Home    |    Disclosure    |    Privacy Policy









	CoreCommodity Management LLC































Firm Overview
|
Leadership

> Bradford L. Klein   Co-Founder
> Adam De Chiara   Co-Founder,   Portfolio Manager


|
Contact











 















     Leadership

     The CoreCommodity Management team have held senior executive positions in several of the world’s largest commodity trading firms, dating back to the 1980s. Our team collectively helped pioneer the adoption of commodities as an asset class by the institutional investment community.

     The CoreCommodity Management team are innovators in the enhanced commodity product market, designing and promoting techniques for generating outperformance relative to the leading benchmark indices.










         




         "Our senior staff in portfolio management, legal, finance and operations average more than two decades of experience in the commodity markets."















© 2017 CoreCommodity Management LLC

Home    |    Disclosure    |    Privacy Policy











Corecommodity Management, LLC                                                                                            - Stamford                                          , CT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



Stamford



Management Services



Management Services



                            Corecommodity Management, LLC
                                    



 





















C 


Corecommodity Management, LLC                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



680 WSHNGTON BLVD FL 11 STAMFORD, CT 06901
Get Directions



(203) 708-6500
 





Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,441,796.00
 Employee Count 19
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts Bradford Klein                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2004, Corecommodity Management, Llc                                                                                            has been providing Management Services from Stamford. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















CoreCommodity Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 8:14 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of CoreCommodity Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
CoreCommodity Management, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to investment companies, pooled investment vehicles, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations, insurance companies, state and municipal entities, sovereign wealth funds, and other investment advisers. It manages separate client-focused portfolios. The firm also manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds for its clients. It also manages hedge funds and exchange traded funds. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and commodity markets across the globe. It was formerly known as Jefferies Asset Management, LLC. The firm was founded on N...
CoreCommodity Management, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to investment companies, pooled investment vehicles, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations, insurance companies, state and municipal entities, sovereign wealth funds, and other investment advisers. It manages separate client-focused portfolios. The firm also manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds for its clients. It also manages hedge funds and exchange traded funds. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and commodity markets across the globe. It was formerly known as Jefferies Asset Management, LLC. The firm was founded on November 10, 2003 and is based in Stamford Connecticut.
Detailed Description


680 Washington Boulevard11th FloorStamford, CT 06901United StatesFounded in 2003



Phone: 203-708-6500

Fax: 888-596-1014

www.corecommodityllc.com







Key Executives for CoreCommodity Management, LLC




Mr. Bradford L. Klein


      	Co-President
      








Mr. Adam Christopher De Chiara


      	Co-President
      








Mr. Todd Alan Streichler


      	Director of Finance
      








Mr. Michael Samuel Kaplan


      	Director of Operations
      








Mr. Satch Chada


      	Managing Director, Global Head of Investor Solutions, and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

CoreCommodity Management, LLC Key Developments

CoreCommodity Management, LLC Presents at 8th Annual Global Real Assets Investment Forum, Feb-28-2017 01:55 PM
Feb 25 17
CoreCommodity Management, LLC Presents at 8th Annual Global Real Assets Investment Forum, Feb-28-2017 01:55 PM. Venue: Four Seasons Hotel, Austin, Texas, United States. Speakers: Eliot Geller, CAIA, Partner, Product Manager.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact CoreCommodity Management, LLC, please visit www.corecommodityllc.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	COMPLETECOMMODITIES Trademark of CoreCommodity Management, LLC. Serial Number: 85768028 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
COMPLETECOMMODITIES










 
Get FREE email alerts













COMPLETECOMMODITIES  Trademark Information
 CoreCommodity Management, LLC
Financial services, namely, investment management, investment advice, funds investment, investment consultation and investment of funds for others




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         investment   management      investment   advice      funds   investment      investment   consultation   investment   funds    
                                    




This is a brand page for the COMPLETECOMMODITIES trademark by CoreCommodity Management, LLC 
                                in Stamford, CT, 06902.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this COMPLETECOMMODITIES trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner CoreCommodity Management, LLC of the COMPLETECOMMODITIES trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the COMPLETECOMMODITIES trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, October 31, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        COMPLETECOMMODITIES by 
                        CoreCommodity Management, LLC, Stamford, CT  06902.
                        The USPTO has given the COMPLETECOMMODITIES 
                        trademark serial  number of  85768028.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for COMPLETECOMMODITIES is 
                        
                        
                                            LAURA GOLDBARD GEORGE of 
                                            STROOCK & STROOCK & LAVAN LLP,  180 MAIDEN LN FL 38, NEW YORK, NY 10038-4982 
                                .
                            The COMPLETECOMMODITIES trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for COMPLETECOMMODITIES 
                            is Financial services, namely, investment management, investment advice, funds investment, investment consultation and investment of funds for others. 
                            





Word mark:
 COMPLETECOMMODITIES


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

9/10/2013



  Serial Number:  
85768028


  Filing Date:  
10/31/2012


 Registration Number:  
4401733 


 Registration Date:  
9/10/2013


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, investment management, investment advice, funds investment, investment consultation and investment of funds for others


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/9/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

CoreCommodity Management, LLCStamford, CT  06902
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


LAURA GOLDBARD GEORGE
STROOCK & STROOCK & LAVAN LLP
180 MAIDEN LN FL 38
NEW YORK, NY 10038-4982






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your COMPLETECOMMODITIES trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/10/2013
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



LAURA GOLDBARD GEORGE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of COMPLETECOMMODITIES trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search completecommodities on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for COMPLETECOMMODITIES 




COMPLETECOMMODITIES is providing Financial services, namely, investment management, investment advice, funds investment, investment consultation and investment of funds for others.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















	Jefferies - Press Releases


































Investor Relations
        



Careers
        



Experienced Professionals
                



Students and Graduates
                



Analyst & Associate Internships
                            


Full-Time Analyst & Associate Program
                            




Employee Profiles
                



Employee Benefits and Programs
                



Apply Now 
                





Related Sites
        



Jefferies LoanCore
                



Jefferies Prime Brokerage
                





Client Login
        



Jefferies Global Markets
                



Prime Brokerage
                



Jefferies Access
                



Jefferies Direct
                



Wealth Management
                




 






























Our Firm
        



Brand Campaign
                



Conferences
                



News
                



Press Releases
                            



2017
                            



2016
                            



2015
                            



2013
                            



2014
                            



2012
                            



2011
                            





Articles
                            





Insights
                



July 2017
                            



April 2017
                            





Corporate Video
                



Key Facts
                



Social Responsibility
                



Locations
                





Investment Banking
        



What We Deliver
                



Global Reach
                



Products & Sector Expertise
                



Debt Capital Markets
                            



Equity Capital Markets
                            



Mergers & Acquisitions
                            



Private Capital Advisory
                            



Restructuring & Recapitalization
                            



UK Corporate Broking
                            



Sector Expertise 
                            





Our Clients
                



Recent Transactions
                





Equities
        



Cash Equities
                



Electronic Trading Solutions 
                



Global Algorithmic Suite
                            



Global Coverage
                            





Equity Derivatives
                



Convertibles
                



Prime Services
                



Corporate Access
                





Fixed Income
        



Government Securities
                



Mortgage- and Asset-Backed Securities
                



Corporate Credit
                



Emerging Markets
                



Municipal Securities
                



Capital Markets
                



Foreign Exchange
                



Jefferies eFX 
                            







Research & Strategy
        



Strategy & Economics
                



Equity
                



Fixed Income
                



Global Research & Strategy Video Series
                





Asset Management
        



Structured Alpha Program
                



Managed Futures Program
                



Systematic Active U.S. Core Equity Program 
                





Wealth Management
        



Investment Advisory Services 
                



Financial Planning
                



Family Office & Institutional Consulting 
                



Executive Services
                



Lending 
                




























Our Firm
        
        
        




Brand Campaign
        
        
        




Conferences
        
        
        




News
        
         





Press Releases
                
                 





2017

                            
                            




2016

                            
                            




2015

                            
                            




2014

                            
                            




2013

                            
                            




2012

                            
                            




2011

                            
                            






Articles
                
                
                






Insights
        
         





July 2017
                
                
                




April 2017
                
                
                






Corporate Video
        
        
        




Key Facts
        
        
        




Social Responsibility
        
        
        




Locations
        
        
        















     Press Release


    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE







Jefferies Asset Management Commodity Strategy Allocation Fund Achieves Two-Year Milestone


 NEW YORK, July 17, 2012 -- CoreCommodity Management LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Jefferies Group Inc., today announced the  two-year anniversary of the launch of the Jefferies Asset Management Commodity Strategy Allocation Fund (the “Fund”), an open-ended mutual fund that seeks to provide comprehensive access to global commodities and commodity equity markets, collateralized by U.S. Treasury Inflation Protected Bonds (“TIPS”). The Fund is CoreCommodity Management’s first mutual fund product and has assets of approximately $205 million as of June 30, 2012.CoreCommodity’s total assets under management were more than $3.5 billion as of June 30, 2012.

 Since June 30, 2010 through June 30, 2012, the Fund’s I shares had an annualized return of 8.70%, after fees and expenses, outperforming the Dow Jones-UBS Commodity Index - Total ReturnSM by 4.84% per annum. Notably, the Fund has kept closer pace with the performance of the Dow Jones-UBS Commodity Spot Index, which returned 9.97% per annum for same period, and measures the performance of a comparably constituted index of commodities for immediate delivery. 

 “We are extremely proud that the Fund’s returns have exceeded the major commodity indices,” commented Bradford Klein, Co-President of CoreCommodity Management, LLC. “The Fund utilizes a unique combination of both futures-based and equity-based commodity investments to achieve its objectives. With two-years of operation, we demonstrated that this innovative investment strategy helped the Fund achieve investment returns comparable to spot commodity prices.”

 The Jefferies Asset Management Commodity Strategy Allocation Fund is a part of the ALPS Fund Family, advised by ALPS Advisors, Inc. CoreCommodity Management, LLC acts as sub advisor to the Fund. The Fund’s investment objective seeks to maximize real returns, consistent with prudent investment management, by seeking to optimize the Fund’s allocation among investments in the commodity futures markets, commodity equities, and TIPS. This combination seeks to provide a complete access to the global commodity markets and offers three layers of inflation-hedging potential from commodities, commodity related equities and TIPS.“

 We are encouraged by the acceleration in growth of assets,” added Tom Carter, President of ALPS Advisors, Inc. “Financial advisors and investors are recognizing the tremendous value in seeking commodity exposure through a broader portfolio of investments than has been traditionally available through natural resource or commodity futures funds alone.”

 CoreCommodity Management, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Jefferies Group, Inc., provides institutional and individual investors with a diversified suite of high quality asset management products.  CoreCommodity’s executive team, comprised of Co-Presidents Adam De Chiara and Bradford Klein, has extensive experience in building, managing, and innovating investments in commodities.  Among their notable accomplishments, CoreCommodity’s executive team was responsible for the design of the now Dow Jones - UBS Commodity Index (formerly the Dow Jones – AIG Commodity Index) and the current Thomson Reuters / Jefferies CRB Index, two of the most renowned commodity indices globally. 
  
 Fund Performance





     

    2012

    1 Year

    Since Fund Inception2 Through 6/30/12


     2011


Expense Ratios3



     

    YTD1


     Q4



     Q3



     Q2



     Q1



Total Expense Ratio



What You Pay




    Class A (NAV)

    -5.57%

    -15.98%

    8.39%

    5.98%

    -16.04%

    -4.28%

    11.14%

                2.61%

                1.47%



    Class A (MOP)

    -10.77

    -20.61

    5.38

    0.12

    -20.67

    -9.53

    4.99

     

     



    Class I

    -5.39

    -15.77

    8.70

    5.94

    -15.97

    -4.17

    11.15

                2.06%

                1.17%



    TR/J CRB TR

    -3.70

    -14.32

    4.49

    2.40

    -11.80

    -5.94

    8.04

     

     



    DJUBS TR

    -6.88

    -15.89

    5.39

    0.35

    -11.33

    -6.73

    4.45

     

     




Benchmarks: Thomson Reuters/Jefferies CRB Index (Total Return) and Dow Jones-UBS Commodity Index (Total Return)
1     Fund performance for 2012 is through June 30, 2012. 
2     The inception date for the Fund is June 29, 2010.
3  What You Pay reflects the Adviser’s decision to contractually limit expenses through August 31, 2012. 

Performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance is no guarantee of future results and investment returns and principal value of the Fund will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. The Fund imposes a 2.00% redemption fee on shares held for less than 30 days. Performance shown does not include the redemption fee, which if reflected would reduce the performance quoted. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance quoted. Call 866.759.5679 for current month end performance. Maximum Offering Price (MOP) for Class A shares includes the Fund’s maximum sales charge of 5.50%.
  
Jefferies Group, Inc. (NYSE: JEF), a global securities and investment banking firm, has served companies and investors for nearly 50 years.

An investor should consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing, including “Additional Risks” as described in the prospectus. To obtain a prospectus, which contains this and other information, call 1.866.759.5679 or visit jamfunds.com or alpsfunds.com. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.

 Important Risks

Tom Carter is a Registered Representative of ALPS Distributors, Inc.

The Jefferies Asset Management Commodity Strategy Allocation Fund is distributed by ALPS Distributors, Inc., 1290 Broadway, Ste. 1100, Denver, CO 80203. ALPS Advisors, Inc. is the investment adviser to the Fund and CoreCommodity Management, LLC is the investment sub-adviser. ALPS is not affiliated with CoreCommodity Management. CoreCommodity Management, LLC serves as investment adviser to the Fund’s Cayman Islands subsidiary. The Fund’s investments may subject the Fund to significantly greater volatility than investments in traditional securities and involve substantial risks, including risk of a significant portion on their principal value.

Diversification does not protect against loss in a declining market.

The commodities markets and the prices of various commodities may fluctuate widely based on a variety of factors. Because the Fund’s performance is linked to the performance of highly volatile commodities, investors should consider purchasing shares of the Fund only as part of an overall diversified portfolio and should be willing to assume the risks of potentially significant fluctuations in the value of the Fund. The Fund invests in commodity futures related investments, which are derivative instruments that allow access to a diversified portfolio of commodities without committing substantial amounts of capital. Additional risks of Commodity Futures Related Investments include liquidity risk and counterparty credit risk. Counterparty Risk is the risk that a party to a transaction will fail to fulfill its obligations. The term is often applied specifically to swap agreements in which no clearinghouse guarantees the performance of the contract. Liquidity Risk is the risk stemming from the lack of marketability of an investment that cannot be bought or sold quickly enough to prevent or minimize a loss.        
        
Another principal risk of investing in the Fund is equity risk, which is the risk that the value of the securities held by the Fund will fall due to general market and economic conditions, perceptions regarding the industries in which the issuers of securities held by the Fund participate or factors relating to specific companies in which the Fund invests. The Fund’s investments in non-U.S. issuers may be even more volatile and may present more risks than investments in U.S. issuers. Equity investments in commodity-related companies may not move in the same direction and to the same extent as the underlying commodities. 
Thomson Reuters / Jefferies CRB Index and the Dow Jones-UBS Commodity Index are unmanaged indexes used as a measurement of change in commodity market conditions based on the performance of a basket of different commodities. An investor cannot invest directly in an index.

The Jefferies Asset Management Commodity Strategy Allocation Fund is: Not FDIC Insured - No Bank Guarantee - May Lose Value
  
 For further information please contact:


 Richard Khaleel, Jefferies, +1 212 284 2556, rkhaleel@jefferies.com


















Contact Us
        



Notices and Policies
        



Site Map
        








Follow Us:







© 2017 Jefferies LLC.
    Member SIPC.












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































LLC vs. Inc | Differences Between LLC & Inc  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




LLC vs. Corporation: What's the Difference?


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











You can think of these as two different company structures with very different tax requirements. Whichever way you choose to go, you're going to look more legit than the other guys. So just take a minute to consider your short-and long-term business goals to figure out which structure is best for you.
Advantages and Disadvantages
A limited liability company is a type of business structure that offers personal liability protections and a few tax advantages to boot. The "LL" in LLC is what protects your personal assets in the event of a judgment against your company. Corporations offer limited liability as well, so we're going to focus on the structural and taxation differences in the chart below.



Advantages of an LLC
Advantages of a Corporation




 No limit on the number of owners
 May issue shares of stock to attract investors


 Profit and loss are passed through to the owners' individual tax returns
 Corporate income splitting may help lower overall tax liability


 No annual meeting or minute book requirements
 






Disadvantages of an LLC
Disadvantages of a Corporation




 Cannot engage in corporate income splitting to lower tax liability
 C corp tax structure requires double taxation of corporate profits (s corp's does not)


 Cannot issue stock
 Must hold annual meetings and record minutes


 
 S corporations have restrictions on the number of owners



LLC or Corporation: Which One Is Right for Me?
Business goals aren't one size fits all, and neither is incorporating. When deciding which kind of corporation fits your business strategy, consider some of the differences that each kind offers. And take a deeper dive with our comprehensive comparison chart.
Find out which corporation is right for your business with our business wizard!
Learn More About Legal Business Structures
Regardless of which business structure you choose, incorporate.com can help you incorporate or form an LLC online or by phone in minutes.

Limited Liability Company (LLC) 
C Corporation 
S Corporation
Nonprofit Corporation
Professional Corporation 
Series LLC
Limited Partnership


Ready to Form Your Business?
get started





Let's get to it.

Incorporate in any state, starting as low as

$79

plus state fees

Get Started






Download a Free Business Formation Guide




First Name



Last Name



Email






Primary Phone






By entering your telephone number and clicking "Continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800-818-6082 to speak to someone who can help you. Your personal information will remain private.


















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING






































Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































Get Started in Any State  | incorporate.com




















































 Click to Complete by Phone



				CLOSE
				

















                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    












Select a State for Your New Business Entity
Select a State
Many businesses incorporate in their home states, but there are advantages to selecting other states.




Please Select
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




										Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
									



Continue





Choose the Type of Entity You'd Like to Form
Choose an Entity Type
LLC is the most popular entity type for small businesses, but it's not for everyone. We've provided descriptions of some common entity types to help you choose.










{{entity.type}}







{{ entity.type }}
{{ entity.description }}

 {{list}}

Frequently Asked Questions 


Packages starting at

${{entity.price | numberTwoDecimalsUnlessTrailingZeros}}
$

Plus State Fees

{{entity.discountCode}}
{{entity.intlDiscountCode}}

Select














								Need help selecting a state for your new business entity?
							

Choosing Your Home State
Why Delaware is the 'Best'



Top States to incorporate in



27% of customers select
										Delaware
									


12% of customers select
										California
									


10% of customers select
										Florida
									


6% of customers select
										New York
									


5% of customers select
										Nevada
									


5% of customers select
										Texas
									








 






        incorporate.com keeps my deadlines organized. The customer service is outstanding and those who have helped me have been nice, professional, and incredibly helpful. 
        
Susan C. – Washington, DC – 4/14/2015














 


The Corporate Veil Guarantee is not available to residents of North Carolina.
©2017 incorporate.com. All rights reserved. 
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice. 



Legal
Privacy










LOADING







×





Create









×




Along with picking the right entity type for your business, it's important to consider which state to incorporate in.
For most small business owners, the choice is simple: they incorporate in the state where their company is physically located, known as 'home state incorporation.' However, there are good reasons to consider forming your corporation or LLC in certain other states, including tax advantages, streamlined judicial processes, and easier business filing requirements.
For example, many business owners choose to incorporate in Delaware, which is a favored business jurisdiction for the previously mentioned and other reasons.

Delaware is widely considered to be one of the nation's most business-friendly jurisdictions. There are a number of reasons to incorporate your small business in Delaware, including:

Well-established and flexible business laws
Low franchise tax on small businesses
No tax on capital stock or assets
No state sales tax
A special business court (Court of Chancery) that minimizes the time and cost of commercial litigation
No residency requirement for shareholders, directors, and officers of a corporation or members or managers of an LLC























×
Just a few details and we'll get you started.

















By entering your telephone number and clicking "continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.






Close


Continue














We just need a few details.
Is this the correct email address?

Thanks! Check your inbox for an email from incorporate.com. When you're ready to continue your order, simply click the link and it will be here waiting.





										Fill out the form below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									

										If you would like to change your email address, edit it below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									















Please Select Country
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard And Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic of
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre And Miquelon
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Zaire
Zambia












											By providing your telephone number(s) and clicking save and send, you expressly authorize incorporate.com to contact you at the telephone number(s) above, regarding any order(s) or to introduce marketing offers, using automated telephone dialing systems. You are not required to provide this consent in order to purchase goods or services.
										



Close
Save & Send





Close
start new order











































Starting a Business - Forming an LLC or Corporation  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




Starting a Business


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











Take that first step.
Starting a business can be scary, but knowing what you need to make it happen makes things easier.
Getting Started





Business Formation Wizard






Not Sure Whether Incorporating or Forming an LLC is Right for You? Want to find out what others in your industry are doing? Let our wizard help. More…







Business Entity Types






To get the most out of your small business, choose the right structure. Selecting the right type of company for your new business helps maximize your chances of financial and operational success. More…







Employer Identification Number (EIN)






Corporations, most LLCs, and all businesses with employees must have this IRS-issued identifier. Much like a Social Security Number, an Employer Identification Number (EIN) is a federal nine-digit number that identifies a business entity. More…







Business Licenses & Permits






Most state, county, and local governments require companies to have the right licenses and permits in place before they open their doors. More…







Name Reservations






A name reservation lets you hold a particular business name for later use and prevents other companies from registering that name without notice to you. Get a free corporate name check today. More…







Register a Business Name






Many state and local governments require companies to register any alternate names under which they conduct business. Registering a DBA name alerts the public that your business intends to use that name. More…







Registered Agent Service






Corporations and Limited Liability Companies (LLCs) are required by state law to have an address where they can receive important legal and tax documents during all business hours. The person or firm receiving these documents is known as the company's "Registered Agent." More…




Business Entities





Limited Liability Company (LLC)






An LLC is a great choice for businesses that want the liability protection of a corporation with less paperwork. More…







C Corporation






A C Corporation is the most common business entity. An ideal choice for businesses that want to attract investors. More…







S Corporation






An S Corporation is a great choice for small businesses that want to avoid double taxation on business profits. More…







Nonprofit Corporation






A Non Profit business structure is the right choice for scientific, religious, educational or charitable endeavors. More…







Professional Corporation






Some states allow Professional LLCs for licensed professionals, including doctors, accountants, lawyers, engineers, architects and realtors. More…







Series LLC






A Series LLCs permits multiple members, managers and business lines. Allowed in some states. More…







Limited Partnership






A Limited Partnership provides some protection from liability for certain partners. More…




No Dumb Questions
Get your questions answered and learn more about starting your business by calling 800.818.6082.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING

































corecommodity management llc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Forming An LLC - LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced.



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​form-llc



LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced. Protect Yourself with An LLC.





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Form an LLC Online Today - Fast, Easy, Accurate & Affordable!



Ad
 ·
www.Incorporate.com/​LLC



Fast, Easy, Accurate & Affordable! Form an LLC Online in 10 Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business





Free Article of Organization - Edit, Print and Download.



Ad
 ·
www.lawdepot.com/​LLCOperating/​Agreement



100% Free. Aritcles of Organization to Form a LLC Operating. Create Now.





Answer Simple Questions



LLC Operating Agreement



Preview Your Document



Create Now





Searches related tocorecommodity management llc



core commodity llc


alps core commodity


corecommodity


jcrix fact sheet



alps core commodity fund


jcrax


dccix fact sheet


ppt management holdings llc




Web Results

CoreCommodity Management LLC

https://corecommodityllc.com


© 2017 CoreCommodity Management LLC. Home | Disclosure | Privacy Policy



Firm Overview



Contact



Mutual Funds



Leadership



Company Overview of CoreCommodity Management, LLC

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


CoreCommodity Management, LLC company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


CoreCommodity Management, LLC: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/people.asp?privcapId=...


Get to know CoreCommodity Management, LLC CEO & other corporate executives. Learn about the Board of Directors, Executive Committees and CEO compensation ...


Corecommodity Management, LLC - BrightScope

https://www.brightscope.com/.../55096/Corecommodity-Management-LLC


Contact Corecommodity Management, LLC or view Corecommodity Management, LLC's ratings, investment advice, financial planning and insurance services, and get detailed ...


Corecommodity Management, LLC - dandb.com

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/corecommoditymanagementllc...


Find the Corecommodity Management, LLC business profile in Stamford ...


Corecommodity Management, LLC - Credio

investment-advisors.credio.com/l/25833


Find details on Corecommodity Management in Stamford, Connecticut. View assets, client details, advisory activities, registration status, disclosures and more.


Corecommodity Management LLC - mapquest.com

https://www.mapquest.com/.../corecommodity-management-llc-352206308


Get directions, reviews and information for Corecommodity Management LLC in Stamford, CT.


CORECOMMODITY MANAGEMENT, LLC Top Holdings

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/jefferies-asset-management-llc


Detailed Profile of CORECOMMODITY MANAGEMENT, LLC portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


CoreCommodity Management, LLC FORM ... - adviserinfo.sec.gov

https://adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Common/crd_iapd_Brochure...


i CoreCommodity Management, LLC FORM ADV PART 2A The Brochure 680 Washington Boulevard 11th Floor Stamford, CT 06901 Tel: (203) 708-6500 www.corecommodityllc.com










Forming An LLC - LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced.



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​form-llc



LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced. Protect Yourself with An LLC.





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Form an LLC Online Today - Fast, Easy, Accurate & Affordable!



Ad
 ·
www.Incorporate.com/​LLC



Fast, Easy, Accurate & Affordable! Form an LLC Online in 10 Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business





Free Article of Organization - Edit, Print and Download.



Ad
 ·
www.lawdepot.com/​LLCOperating/​Agreement



100% Free. Aritcles of Organization to Form a LLC Operating. Create Now.





Answer Simple Questions



LLC Operating Agreement



Preview Your Document



Create Now




Searches related tocorecommodity management llc



core commodity llc


alps core commodity


corecommodity


jcrix fact sheet



alps core commodity fund


jcrax


dccix fact sheet


ppt management holdings llc




12345Next






Answers







Ospraie Management, LLC



Ospraie Management, LLC is a New York City-based asset management firm founded in 1999 that invests in commodity markets and basic industries worldwide...

more






Themeparks LLC



2008 before selling it to PARC Management. Themeparks LLC repurchased Kentucky Kingdom in 2013 and has been operating the theme park since May 2014....

more






Capital Management Group, LLC



Capital Management Group, LLC was an investment bank located in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded by Shawn Baldwin who was Chairman and CEO of the...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network










	CoreCommodity Management LLC































Firm Overview
|
Leadership

> Bradford L. Klein   Co-Founder
> Adam De Chiara   Co-Founder,   Portfolio Manager


|
Contact











 










Experience.
Leadership.
Commodities.
> LEARN MORE






© 2017 CoreCommodity Management LLC

Home    |    Disclosure    |    Privacy Policy




















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


