










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















CORMORANT ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC- Ratings & Rankings by Symmetric




 






























Home
About

Pricing

Login


























CORMORANT ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC



Register for more
















 CORMORANT ASSET Overview



												   Cormorant Asset Management Llc is a hedge fund that manages 1.3 BN dollars in regulatory AUM and has 4 employees, of which 2 perform investment advisory functions. The manager's has disclosed holdings from 12/31/13 to 03/31/17. The fund's latest filing disclosed 689MM in positions, representing 53% of the manager's regulatory AUM.
												



Unlock Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration









					
					 CORMORANT ASSET StockAlpha 
					
					






+0.6%





Top 25%



3yr StockAlpha
Register for more...
















Fundamental & Technical Factor Exposure
										






Market Cap
Beta
Volatility


Momentum (12M)
Momentum (6M)
Momentum (3M)


Price/Book
Price/Earnings
Price/Cash Flow


Dividend Yield
Sales Growth
Earnings Growth


ROE
ROA
ROC


EBIDTA Margin
Debt/Assets
Hedge Fund Crowding









 CORMORANT ASSET Since Last Filing Return Details
																										






Ticker
Size
Sector
Stock Move

StockAlpha Attribution
Days to Liquidate
Trade Crowdedness




TBPH
7.62%
Health
-9.07%

-1.5%
7
1%



NVRO
4.76%
Health
-7.61%

-0.77%
1
7%





Unlock Positions and Returns Details














×
Register to Unlock



Unlock profile and also get:

Manager Positions and Return Details
Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration
Manager Performance Estimates
Top Stock Pickers Report













We take your privacy seriously. Your information will never be shared with any third party











×
Download PDF Report


								Your requested report is being generated and will be emailed to you when ready. If you do not receive the report, please check your spam folder, email info@symmetric.io or call 866-243-4178
								














FEATURED IN





















 CORMORANT ASSET Founders and Key Employees






Name
Title
In Position Since







Bihua Chen
Managing Member & Chief Executive Officer
March-2013


Edward J. Scollins
Member, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer
March-2013










 CORMORANT ASSET Brokers, Custodians, Auditors and Administrators






Type
Company







Administrator
 Pro


Auditor
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Prime Broker
 Pro


Prime Broker
 Pro


Prime Broker
 Pro












 CORMORANT ASSET Investment Strategy


				
					   Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss Item 8.A                   Describe the methods of analysis and investment strategies you use in formulating investment advice or managing assets. Explain that investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear. Investment Objective and StrategyThe Funds’ investment objective is to seek superior risk-adjusted returnswith low market correlation.   Cormorant intends to accomplish this objective primarily through a combination of long investment positions and short selling to achieve capital appreciation while attempting to preserve capital and mitigate risk through hedging activities.  Cormorant anticipates that most of the Funds’ assets will be invested on a global basis in publicly traded equity securities in the healthcare and life science industries. The life science industry has and will continue to play a major role in our society and economy.  Due...Unlock Full Investment Process Description







 CORMORANT ASSET Portfolio Concentration




Unlock Portfolio Concentration











 CORMORANT ASSET Location



200 CLARENDON STREET								52ND FLOOR
BOSTON, 
Massachusetts
UNITED STATES, 
02116








  CORMORANT ASSET Contact Information



							Phone Number: 857-702-0388
							Fax Number: 617-507-5905
							Website: null









READ RECENT SYMMETRIC REPORTS





















Disclaimer



				
		The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Symmetric and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Symmetric nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance and skill metrics are no guarantee of future results. "Symmetric," "Symmetric.io" and the Symmetric logo are marks of Symmetric, Inc. Read our privacy policy here. Read our terms of use here





















 Path A		  










Cormorant Asset Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:20 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Cormorant Asset Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Cormorant Asset Management, LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It invests in the public equity markets. The firm employs fundamental analysis to create its portfolios. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. The firm typically invests in companies in healthcare and life sciences sectors. Cormorant Asset Management, LLC was founded in 2013 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.


200 Clarendon Street52nd FloorBoston, MA 02116United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 857-702-0370

Fax: 617-507-5905








Key Executives for Cormorant Asset Management, LLC




Ms. Bihua Chen


      	Managing Member and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Edward Jay Scollins


      	CFO, COO, and Chief Compliance Officer
      


Age: 42
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 28, 2017
			    
ZAI Lab Limited



Private Placement

			      May 17, 2017
			    
TP Therapeutics, Inc.



Private Placement

			      April 28, 2017
			    
Axonics Modulation Technologies, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cormorant Asset Management, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Cormorant Asset Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























cormorant asset management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Cormorant Asset Management, LLC operates as a hedge fund manager. The Company provides portfolio management and advisory services to pooled investment vehicles globally.




Corporate Information
Address:

200 Clarendon Street
52nd Floor
Boston, MA 02116
United States


Phone:
1-857-702-0370


Fax:
1-617-507-5905























From The Web











Key Executives


Edward J Scollins


CFO/COO/Member




Nebojsa Obradovic


Chief Compliance Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































﻿







Hedge Funds – Octafinance



















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds 

Hedge Funds 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Hedge Funds and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/.CaptchaSubmit
Hedge Funds Database
In our Free Hedge Funds Database we have listed more than 4000+ hedge funds and institutional investors. You can see the fund’s summary, employees, AUM, portfolio values, historical 13F, current portfolio, holdings, new positions, sector weights, sentiment, turnover, top 10 holdings and more.
What is a Hedge Fund? A Closer Look at Hedge Funds.
There are plenty of investment vehicles that financially savvy individuals can think about investing in or tracking. The hedge fund is just one of those, but it is also the one that is worth looking at. There’s an air of mystery about this type of investment vehicle, but it is not always a tough nut to crack. What investors need to do is to educate themselves on what hedge funds are and to understand what risks they should expect to expose their investments to.
How Do Hedge Funds Work?
Hedge funds are considered as viable alternatives to the existing forms of investment on the financial markets. However, it is not open to every individual investor. Rather, the funds are more ideal for people and institutions that have significant amount of assets that they want to be managed and grown. Managers typically pool together the assets of their clients to create a unified fund, and then they make their trades and investments using that single fund.
It is theoretically similar to mutual funds, but they differ in the techniques. That’s the reason why it’s not open to individual investors. There are significant risks involved – aside from traditional investment vehicles like the popular mutual funds and stock market options as well as bonds, hedge fund managers lean more towards high risk but sophisticated trading techniques to realize significant profits for their clients’ portfolio.
Adding to the risk exposure is the fact that hedge funds are not as closely regulated as the other financial instruments. Hedge fund managers are not always required to make filings and reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that’s on a case to case basis. If the assets are large enough, the SEC will require reports. Hedge fund managers, however, are bound by law to protect their clients’ investments or face anti-fraud measures.
A Brief History of Hedge Funds
Hedge funds have a very long history. People and institutions began investing in this vehicle at the early 21st century. The funds never lost popularity over time. Before the recession hit, there was a total value of US$1.93 trillion being managed by hedge fund managers worldwide. The industry had a brief hiccup afterwards, because of the sub-prime mortgage crisis, but it eventually recovered. This is a testimony to how popular hedge funds really are, and how much investors are willing to trust their assets to managers.
Hedge fund assets totaled $2 trillion worldwide by April 2011, just three years after the crisis burst. By the third quarter of 2014, the worldwide value of assets under management or AUM is at $2.38 trillion and may continue to grow in the next years.
Hedge Fund Strategies
Hedge fund managers do not subscribe to a single strategy but, rather, they employ a combination of various strategies. It is not uncommon to find hedge fund managers putting some of the money in their management to purchase securities derivatives.
There are, however, some popular strategies that hedge fund managers acknowledge and use. Hedge fund managers will exercise any strategy and option within their discretion in response to several factors in the market.
Here are some of the strategies that hedge fund managers could use, either by itself or in tandem with other techniques in managing assets:

Global macro

This type of strategy relies on identifying macroeconomic events that take place around the world to make investment decisions. Managers generally look at the big picture globally to identify potential entry points for profitable investments. The Global Macro approach leverages multiple markets, and managers will employ long and short investment strategies to maximize profits from volatile market movements. This approach is very flexible, and very diversified as well because there are many variations of sub-strategy under this umbrella.

Directional

The directional strategy does not pay too much attention to what is happening to markets on a global basis. Instead, directional strategy dictates that fund managers look at each individual market movement when picking ideal investments. A typical action under this strategy is to invest in equities with an eye for the long term, and to couple that position with short-term buying and selling to hedge against risk.

Event-driven

Hedge fund managers following this philosophy are focused in following corporate events and leveraging their assets to earn from the market movement influenced by these occurrences. For instance, company consolidations and mergers can make possible upward movements in price. Event-driven hedge fund management will typically take positions before or after such events take place in order to leverage and earn profits from the price movements that occur. Even bankruptcy declarations can also spur action from event-driven hedge fund managers.

Relative value

Relative event hedge fund management focuses on finding price discrepancies and investing on those. This is the most technical of all the four management strategies discussed so far. Analysis is very comprehensive and somewhat holistic, as there are many types of analysis carried out under this strategy to identify the profitable price discrepancies.
How Do Hedge Fund Managers Approach Risk?
As mentioned above, hedge funds are not advisable for all types of investors because of the amount of risk involved in their operation. That is where risk mitigation comes in. In fact, managers operating in the hedge fund industry are described as being the most meticulous – they use the most stringent and the most precise means of protecting investments against the risks that the volatility of the market brings.
The most common method of reducing the risk exposure of managed assets is to diversify. The entirety of the funds used to set up the hedge funds are split between various investments, and varying investment positions. For instance, some of the funds may be put into long-term positions in low-risk, low-return funds that can steadily gain in the passage of time.
A portion of the funds may be invested in high-risk, high-return investment positions that the hedge fund manager may monitor in the short term, taking into consideration the risk factor and market environment.
In addition, hedge fund companies may employ risk officers. These are not people who are directly involved in trading, but have knowledge in how markets work. These risk officers will focus on identifying long and short-term risks to the assets under management, and will then work on creating a comprehensive risk management strategy that will be applied by the hedge fund managers for their managed assets.
Other techniques for managing risk in hedge funds include using risk management methodologies as well as operational due diligence.
Offshore and Onshore Hedge Funds
Because of their popularity and the global nature of their investment, hedge fund managers can be found all over the world. There are two types of hedge fund management companies, and they are the onshore and offshore hedge fund managers. Their differences lie mainly in the levying of tax on the investors’ earnings.
Offshore hedge fund managers give their investors the advantage of minimal tax consequences. For example, US-based investors who enjoy tax exemptions on their investments, particularly in retirement funds, will turn to offshore hedge funds. This helps them avoid being taxed for their income from the hedge funds.
On the other hand, if offshore hedge funds invest in instruments and securities in the United States, they can expect the US government to slap withholding taxes on their investments. However, there are no capital gains tax involved here – this is to make sure that offshore investors are not double-taxed for any increase on the value of their assets. Only their local jurisdiction has the legal right to levy any taxes on the investors for gains they see from their investments.
The presence of both onshore and offshore hedge management funds make the taxation more flexible and more personalized according to each investor’s personal expectations in taxation. In addition, it encourages global investment because of the measures imposed specifically to avoid the horrors of double-taxation – a common fear among investors who have eyes on diversifying globally.
Prominent Centers of Investment
The United States remains the center of global hedge fund management. 70% of the hedge fund managers that oversee the progress of global funds are based in the United States. The Securities and Exchange Commission has in its registry nearly 4,000 financial experts, as of April 2012, who handled management of hedge funds. These are found across the US, but most of them are based in New York City and Connecticut’s Gold Coast.
As for European hedge funds, London is the home of the managers with over 800 of them found in the city. In 2011, these firms were responsible for managing 85% of the hedge fund assets from continental Europe.
There is a growing market in Asia, particularly in Japan. Growing economic centers Hong Kong and Singapore are also experiencing a growth in hedge fund assets under management, but it will be some time before they achieve the demand in hedge fund managers enjoyed by the US and London in Europe. In fact, most of the hedge funds from Asia are managed by offshore companies based in these two centers.
Hedge Fund Industry – Assets Under Management




(USD Billions)
4rd Qtr 2014
3rd Qtr 2014
2nd Qtr 2014
1st Qtr 2014


Hedge Funds
$2478.6B
$2380.5B
$2339.4B
$2259.9B


Funds of Funds
$448.3B
$457.0B
$462.5B
$485.4B


Sectors






Convertible Arbitrage
$29.5B
$30.6B
$31.2B
$31.1B


Distressed Securities
$180.1B
$177.1B
$170.2B
$162.4B


Emerging Markets
$272.9B
$274.3B
$271.2B
$256.1B


Equity Long Bias
$208.8B
$203.1B
$200.9B
$194.6B


Equity Long/Short
$199.4B
$193.4B
$200.2B
$204.4B


Equity Long-Only
$130.5B
$125.2B
$125.2B
$116.8B


Equity Market Neutral
$43.4B
$37.9B
$34.1B
$32.2B


Event Driven
$290.9B
$285.1B
$275.6B
$251.0B


Fixed Income
$377.5B
$380.4B
$373.1B
$339.9B


Macro
$204.0B
$195.1B
$192.5B
$195.1B


Merger Arbitrage
$31.3B
$32.3B
$28.5B
$24.8B


Multi-Strategy
$276.1B
$264.2B
$254.0B
$276.5B


Other
$96.2B
$115.4B
$115.4B
$128.6B


Sector Specific
$138.1B
$131.7B
$132.2B
$127.6B



Hedge Funds are not the only alternative way to invest in the investment universe. A different class of investment are Managed Futures.

 
Commodity trading advisors are these that provide managed futures accounts or funds and they have very different return profile and correlations than hedge funds. Managed Futures offer a good way to diversify hedge fund or other traditional investments and in some cases could also offer lower minimum investment requirements. Because hedge funds are usually stock picking and don’t provide crisis alpha, managed funds which do, are a good way to avoid painful market correction.
Hedge Fund News
We offer completely free hedge fund news on more than 4000+ funds and their managers. Read about their traders, portfolios, strategies and returns. Don’t forget to also visit our hedge fund returns section where we have ranked the top 60 hedge funds by annualized returns since inception and listed their trading strategies and styles.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?Futures NewsVictor Sperandeo Believes the Risk/Reward for Commodities Is 1/10. Recommends 5%-10% Allocation: iPath Bloomberg Commodity exchange-traded note (DJP)For Commodities, It’s 2008 All Over Again. 18 of the 22 components in the Bloomberg Commodity Index have dropped at least 20%Morgan Stanley Joins’s Gold Bearish Camp And Sees The Possibility of Gold Decreasing to $800 Per OunceRussian Majors Rosneft, Gazprom and Lukoil sit pretty at US$60/bblFour Houston oil companies among Goldman Sachs’ picks for likely acquisition targets : EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG), Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL), Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC) and Cabot Oil & Gas (NYSE:COG)






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









        Quotient Ltd (QTNT): Bihua Chen’s New Fund, Cormorant Asset Management, Triples Stake - Insider Monkey                                    
        Companies 0 See All     Hedge Funds 0 See All    Insiders 0 See All    Institutional Investors 0 See All   Click here to see all  results for  Sorry, no results has been found matching your query.                   Adblocker Detected    Dear Valued Visitor, We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.
    Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages. To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login. We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member.    
   Hedge Funds-News  Quotient Ltd (QTNT): Bihua Chen’s New Fund, Cormorant Asset Management, Triples Stake    Published on December 5, 2014 at 3:13 pm by  
                                Javier Hasse
                                  in Hedge Funds,News                 Bihua Chen’s Cormorant Asset Management disclosed, last Thursday, that it had tripled its exposure to Quotient Ltd (NASDAQ:QTNT), from 500,000 shares held by the end of the third quarter of 2014, to 1.5 million shares, as of December 4. This position accounts for 8.94% of the company’s shares outstanding. Cormorant Asset Management is a Boston-based healthcare hedge fund founded in 2013. Bihua Chen holds a BS in Genetics and Genetic Engineering, and an MS in Molecular Biology. Prior to founding Cormorant, Ms. Chen served as a Venture Partner at Beacon Bioventures and at Fidelity Biosciences. Before this, she worked for Israel Englander’s Millennium Management. Cormorant had an equity portfolio worth more than $486 million at the end of September 30, 2014.  Quotient Ltd (NASDAQ:QTNT) is a $186.90 million market cap commercial-stage diagnostics company reducing healthcare cost and improving patient care through the development and commercialization of tests for blood grouping and serological disease screening. According to Cormorant’s most recent 13G filing, the firm holds 1.5 million shares of Common Stock. This position, which represents 8.94% of the company’s shares outstanding, is comprised by 1.1 million ordinary shares, and warrants exercisable for 400,000 ordinary shares. Another major institutional investor betting on Quotient Ltd (NASDAQ:QTNT) is Jacob Gottlieb’s Visium Asset Management. The fund had initiated a position in the company, with 745,671 shares, in late-June. Despite having trimmed its wager to half (327,613 shares by the end of the third quarter), Visium is still amongst the largest institutional investors in the company. A few days ago, Quotient Ltd (NASDAQ:QTNT) announced that it had entered into agreements to issue to certain subscribers 2 million ordinary shares for $9.50 per share; and 850,000 pre-funded warrants for $9.49 per warrant, exercisable for up to 850,000 ordinary shares at $0.01 per ordinary share. Gross proceeds for this private placement should be around $27 million, and will be used for general corporate purposes, like funding the development of MosaiQ(TM). A few weeks earlier, the company had reported its financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2015, ended September 30, 2014. Highlights include: total revenue of $4.5 million, almost flat in relation to the same quarter in 2013, and gross profit of $1.8 million, down from $2.2 million in 2013. Despite these relatively poor results, analysts and investors were pleasantly surprised, sending the stock price up. Since earnings were reported, the stock gained about 20%. Disclosure: None              Related Insider Monkey ArticlesCatalyst Pharmaceutical Partners, Inc. (CPRX): Steven Cohen Bets on Another...Oil States International Inc. (OIS): Atlantic Investment Management Heightens...Integrated Silicon Solution, Inc. (ISSI): Starboard Discloses New Letter Sent...J C Penney Company Inc (JCP), Mack Cali Realty Corp (CLI), Second Sight Medical...Digimarc Corp (DMRC), Eleven Biotherapeutics Inc (EBIO): Rima Senvest Management...Daniel Lewis’ Orange Capital Boosts Its Position as This Stock’... Bihua Chen Cormorant Asset Management Israel Englander Jacob Gottlieb Jay Scollins Millennium Management NASDAQ:QTNT Quotient Ltd (QTNT) Visium Asset Management Yahoo Finance                Insider Monkey Small Cap Strategy      Download a free copy of our newsletter and see the details inside!     Hedge Fund Resource Center    How to Beat the Market by 20 Percentage Points Why Track Hedge Funds? Download a Free Edition! Why You Should DUMP Your Hedge Funds 6 Things You Didn't Know About Hedge Funds     Related News    J C Penney Company Inc (JCP), Mack Cali Realty Corp (CLI), Second Sight Medical Products Inc (EYES): 3 Small-Caps With Big Insider Purchases Citigroup Inc (C), American International Group Inc (AIG), Bank of America Corp (BAC): Most Popular Financial Stocks Among Hedge Funds Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP), Proteon Therapeutics Inc (PRTO): James E. Flynn and Peter Kolchinsky Think These Stocks Look Healthy The Providence Service Corporation (PRSC): Coliseum Capital Boosts Stake and Finances Acquisition of CCHN Group Holdings (Matrix Medical Network) Calithera Biosciences Inc (CALA), BioFuel Energy Corp. (BIOF): Adage Capital Management and Third Point Are Bullish on These Companies The Medicines Company (MDCO), TG Therapeutics Inc (TGTX): Bridger Management & Ra Capital Management Taking Plunge Alimera Sciences Inc (ALIM) & Bio Blast Pharma Ltd (ORPN): 2 Pharmaceutical Stocks Hedge Funds are Increasing Their Stakes In 7 Movies That Will Make You Cry 50 Best Disney Movies Ever Made Maybe Not Baby: The 5 Best Methods of Birth Control     Billionaire Hedge Funds          Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway $147,985,198,000          David Einhorn Greenlight Capital $5,818,885,000          George Soros Soros Fund Management $4,321,285,000          T Boone Pickens BP Capital $318,631,000          Jim Simons Renaissance Technologies $63,208,016,000          Leon Cooperman Omega Advisors $2,269,539,000          Carl Icahn Icahn Capital LP $22,373,522,000          Steve Cohen Point72 Asset Management $14,303,015,000          John Paulson Paulson & Co $7,934,312,000          David Tepper Appaloosa Management LP $5,640,040,000           About Us Contact Us Terms Of Use Privacy Policy       Next Post

   Home Hedge Funds Markets Blog Authors About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map  All text and design is copyright ©2016 Koala Guide LLC. All rights reserved.            














CORMORANT ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






CORMORANT ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC






200 CLARENDON STREET, BOSTON,  Massachusetts, 02116, (857) 702-0388


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
80


New Positions
3


Increased Positions
10


Decreased Positions
55


Positions with Activity
65


Sold Out Positions
5


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
666



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy



Basic Materials



Industrials



Consumer Cyclicals



Consumer Non-Cyclicals



Financials



Healthcare
99.59%


Technology



Telecommunication Services



Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






80 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



THERAVANCE BIOPHARMA INC
COM
50,046

New
1,425,000


PORTOLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
39,360
4,133
11.73
600,000


BLUEPRINT MEDICINES CORP
COM
33,456
-13,480
(28.72)
600,000


NEVRO CORP
COM
30,751
-22,057
(41.77)
350,000


GALAPAGOS NV
SPON ADR
24,855
-2,821
(10.19)
300,000


ACLARIS THERAPEUTICS INC
COM
23,712
-5,225
(18.06)
800,000


ANAPTYSBIO INC
COM
23,080
23,080
New
895,626


HERON THERAPEUTICS INC
COM
20,580
-12,884
(38.5)
1,200,000


JUNO THERAPEUTICS INC
COM
19,663
19,663
New
650,000


GEMPHIRE THERAPEUTICS INC
COM
18,570
1,029
5.87
952,798


MYOKARDIA INC
COM
18,024
-5,026
(21.8)
1,130,000


CLEARSIDE BIOMEDICAL INC
COM
17,798
-3,599
(16.82)
1,940,880


MINERVA NEUROSCIENCES INC
COM
17,194
-2,567
(12.99)
2,307,903


QUOTIENT LTD
SHS
16,640
-235
(1.4)
2,899,000


OMEROS CORP
COM
16,448
-4,934
(23.08)
750,000


NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES INC
COM
14,700
-2,891
(16.44)
300,000


FORWARD PHARMA A/S
SPONSORED ADR
13,215
5,608
73.71
589,175


PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS INC
COM
13,086

New
3,804,027


ALDER BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
12,300
-5,414
(30.56)
1,098,205


INC RESH HLDGS INC
CL A
11,280

New
200,000




<< first< previous1234next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Redfin (Nasdaq: RDFN) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell in Celebration of Its IPO
                        



	                     6:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Civeo Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results
                        



	                     6:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Sabra Health Care REIT Files Investor Presentation
                        



	                     6:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Komatsu Q1 profit soars as China sales double, sees pace of growth moderating
                        



	                     5:50AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            China's Ofo in talks to raise $1 bln, led by SoftBank -sources
                        



	                     5:07AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































Cormorant Asset Management, LLC notifies 5.81% shareholding in TiGenixHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 3 hrs 10 minsS&P Futures2,462.75-9.25 (-0.37%)Dow Futures21,702.00-41.00 (-0.19%)Nasdaq Futures5,851.25-58.25 (-0.99%)Cormorant Asset Management, LLC notifies 5.81% shareholding in TiGenixGlobeNewswire•July 20, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareREGULATED INFORMATIONPRESS RELEASECormorant Asset Management, LLC notifies 5.81% shareholding in TiGenixLeuven (Belgium) - July 20, 2016, 7:00h CEST - TiGenix NV (Euronext Brussels: TIG) publishes today the transparency notification pursuant to Article 14 of the Belgian Law of May 2, 2007 regarding the publication of major holdings in issuers whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market and including various provisions.Summary of the notificationOn July 19, 2016, TiGenix NV received a transparency notification from Cormorant Asset Management, LLC, following the acquisition of shares on March 14, 2016 by two entities controlled by it (i.e., Cormorant Global Healthcare Master Fund, LP and CRMA SPV, LP) after which Cormorant Asset Management, LLC has the discretionary power to exercise 11,756,894 voting rights in TiGenix NV (5.81% of the voting rights). As a result the 5% threshold was crossed.Content of the notification by Cormorant Asset Management, LLCDate of the notification: July 19, 2016.Reason of the notification: acquisition of shares.Person subject to the notification requirement: Cormorant Asset Management, LLC, who is a person that notifies alone.Date on which the threshold was crossed: March 14, 2016.Threshold that was crossed: 5%.Denominator: 202,304,587.Details of the notification: following the acquisition of shares, the number of voting rights was as follows: Cormorant Asset Management, LLC holds 11,756,894 voting rights in TiGenix NV (5.81% of voting rights). Chain of controlled undertakings through which the holdings are effectively held: Cormorant Asset Management, LLC is not a controlled entity. Cormorant Asset Management, LLC has received the discretionary power to exercise the voting rights of 11,756,894 TiGenix shares from the following two entities, which are both controlled by it: Cormorant Global Healthcare Master Fund, LP and CRMA SPV, LP.This press release and the above-mentioned transparency notifications can be consulted on our website: press release: http://www.tigenix.com/en/pages/11/2016;  notifications: http://www.tigenix.com/en/page/26/shareholders. For more information:TiGenix NVClaudia D`AugustaChief Financial OfficerT: +34 91 804 92 64 claudia.daugusta@tigenix.comAbout TiGenixTiGenix NV (Euronext Brussels: TIG) is an advanced biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing novel therapeutics from its proprietary platforms of allogeneic, or donor-derived, expanded stem cells. Two products from the adipose-derived stem cell technology platform are currently in clinical development. Cx601 is in Phase III for the treatment of complex perianal fistulas in Crohn`s disease patients. Cx611 has completed a Phase I sepsis challenge trial and a Phase I/II trial in rheumatoid arthritis. Effective July 31, 2015, TiGenix acquired Coretherapix, whose lead cellular product, AlloCSC-01, is currently in a Phase II clinical trial in acute myocardial infarction (AMI). In addition, the second product candidate from the cardiac stem cell-based platform acquired from Coretherapix, AlloCSC-02, is being developed in a chronic cardiac indication. On July 4, 2016, we entered into a licensing agreement with Takeda, a large pharmaceutical company active in gastroenterology, under which Takeda acquired the exclusive right to commercialize Cx601 for complex perianal fistulas outside the United States. TiGenix is headquartered in Leuven (Belgium) and has operations in Madrid (Spain). For more information, please visit www.tigenix.com.This announcement is distributed by NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions on behalf of NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: TiGenix via GlobeNewswireHUG#2029536ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceVirgin Atlantic founder Sir Richard Branson sells 31pc stake in airline for £220m as part of new tie-up with Air France-KLMThe TelegraphZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo FinanceRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredAmazon wobble creates ripples across worldwide stock marketsReutersA PGA Tour pro explained what separates Jordan Spieth from fellow stars like Rory McIlroy and Dustin JohnsonBusiness InsiderVerizon Q2 Revenue Flat as Wireless Unit Sales Decline 1.9% Despite Subcriber ReboundVariety"Women Need To Carry This Device With Them"Siren SongSponsoredAmazon could be the first trillion dollar company: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoRolls-Royce Motor CEO: We’re not in the auto business. We’re in the luxury business.Yahoo FinanceTrump Is Acting Suspicious Because He ‘May Be’ Innocent, Fox News SaysBen: I always hire a slew of lawyers when I haven't done anything so it makes perfect sense. 😂😂Join the Conversation1 / 5585








﻿







Cormorant Asset Management Llc – Octafinance


















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Cormorant Asset Management Llc 

Cormorant Asset Management Llc 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Cormorant Asset Management Llc and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/cormorant-asset-management-llc/.CaptchaSubmitCormorant Asset Management Llc is a Massachusetts-based hedge fund with more than $841.40 million AUM in April, 2014. Taken from Cormorant Asset Management latest Adv, the fund reported to have 4 full and part-time employees. Among which 2 performing investment advisory and research functions. The hedge fund had between 1-10 clients.






Portfolio Q32016Market Value:$906,836,000Previous Mkt Value:$705,177,000Chg Mkt Value %:28.60 % Sentiment:BullishTurnover %:11.76 %




Stocks ActivityNew Purchases:10Additional Purchases:12Sold out:10Reduced:15Top 10 Holdings %:41.16%






Cormorant Asset Management Llc Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 9/30/2016



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 




                    1		

                    ALDR - ALDER BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC		

                    ALDR		

                    55,351		

                    1,689,071		

                    6.10		

                    5.98		

                    6.58		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    HEALTH CARE		

                    0.48		



                    2		

                    NEVRO CORP		



                    51,260		

                    491,044		

                    5.65		

                    5.14		

                    6.09		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    OTHER		

                    0.50		



                    3		

                    TBPH - THERAVANCE BIOPHARMA INC		

                    TBPH		

                    40,530		

                    1,118,372		

                    4.47		

                    3.60		

                    4.82		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY		

                    0.02		



                    4		

                    NERV - MINERVA NEUROSCIENCES INC		

                    NERV		

                    39,522		

                    2,800,000		

                    4.36		

                    4.05		

                    4.70		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    5		

                    PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS IN		



                    36,636		

                    2,350,000		

                    4.04		

                    2.33		

                    4.35		

                    73.52		

                    995,661		

                    Up		







                    6		

                    CLEARSIDE BIOMEDICAL INC		



                    34,496		

                    1,988,208		

                    3.80		

                    1.98		

                    4.10		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    7		

                    EGRX - EAGLE PHARMACEUTICALS INC		

                    EGRX		

                    31,920		

                    455,995		

                    3.52		

                    2.78		

                    3.79		

                    -9.88		

                    -50,000		

                    Down		







                    8		

                    HRTX - HERON THERAPEUTICS INC		

                    HRTX		

                    30,519		

                    1,771,263		

                    3.37		

                    4.53		

                    3.63		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    9		

                    ARDX - ARDELYX INC		

                    ARDX		

                    26,811		

                    2,071,964		

                    2.96		

                    1.86		

                    3.19		

                    38.20		

                    572,738		

                    Up		







                    10		

                    MYOKARDIA INC		



                    26,239		

                    1,605,790		

                    2.89		

                    1.33		

                    3.12		

                    111.76		

                    847,500		

                    Up		







                    11		

                    CLVS - CLOVIS ONCOLOGY INC		

                    CLVS		

                    23,433		

                    650,000		

                    2.58		

                    0.00		

                    2.79		



                    650,000		

                    New		







                    12		

                    ACLARIS THERAPEUTICS INC		



                    23,082		

                    901,286		

                    2.55		

                    2.36		

                    2.74		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    13		

                    QTNT - QUOTIENT LTD		

                    QTNT		

                    21,800		

                    2,787,717		

                    2.40		

                    1.69		

                    2.59		

                    81.29		

                    1,250,000		

                    Up		







                    14		

                    GALAPAGOS NV		



                    21,441		

                    334,044		

                    2.36		

                    2.60		

                    2.55		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    15		

                    MGNX - MACROGENICS INC		

                    MGNX		

                    21,176		

                    707,978		

                    2.34		

                    2.71		

                    2.52		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    16		

                    NBIX - NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES INC		

                    NBIX		

                    20,170		

                    398,301		

                    2.22		

                    2.57		

                    2.40		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    17		

                    OMER - OMEROS CORP		

                    OMER		

                    18,916		

                    1,695,000		

                    2.09		

                    2.55		

                    2.25		

                    -0.88		

                    -15,000		

                    Down		







                    18		

                    PROTAGONIST THERAPEUTICS INC		



                    16,904		

                    800,000		

                    1.86		

                    0.00		

                    2.01		



                    800,000		

                    New		







                    19		

                    WAVE LIFE SCIENCES LTD		



                    16,492		

                    507,907		

                    1.82		

                    1.16		

                    1.96		

                    28.78		

                    113,500		

                    Up		







                    20		

                    SRNE - SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS INC		

                    SRNE		

                    16,417		

                    2,121,013		

                    1.81		

                    1.68		

                    1.95		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    21		

                    CHRS - COHERUS BIOSCIENCES INC		

                    CHRS		

                    15,428		

                    576,106		

                    1.70		

                    1.38		

                    1.83		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    22		

                    CBPO - CHINA BIOLOGIC PRODS INC		

                    CBPO		

                    14,050		

                    112,867		

                    1.55		

                    1.70		

                    1.67		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    23		

                    CORBUS PHARMACEUTICALS HLDGS		



                    13,580		

                    2,000,000		

                    1.50		

                    0.85		

                    1.61		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    24		

                    PTLA - PORTOLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC		

                    PTLA		

                    13,535		

                    596,000		

                    1.49		

                    1.33		

                    1.61		

                    50.51		

                    200,000		

                    Up		







                    25		

                    CELLECTIS S A		



                    11,995		

                    498,117		

                    1.32		

                    1.88		

                    1.43		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    26		

                    AGEN - AGENUS INC		

                    AGEN		

                    11,331		

                    1,578,106		

                    1.25		

                    0.91		

                    1.35		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    27		

                    INVUITY INC		



                    10,530		

                    767,466		

                    1.16		

                    0.05		

                    1.25		

                    2144.05		

                    733,266		

                    Up		







                    28		

                    ADXS - ADVAXIS INC		

                    ADXS		

                    9,845		

                    920,915		

                    1.09		

                    0.93		

                    1.17		

                    13.72		

                    111,111		

                    Up		







                    29		

                    GEMPHIRE THERAPEUTICS INC		



                    9,828		

                    900,000		

                    1.08		

                    0.00		

                    1.17		



                    900,000		

                    New		







                    30		

                    CFRX - CONTRAFECT CORP		

                    CFRX		

                    9,526		

                    3,840,966		

                    1.05		

                    0.34		

                    1.13		

                    356.73		

                    3,000,000		

                    Up		







                    31		

                    INCR - INC RESH HLDGS INC		

                    INCR		

                    8,916		

                    200,000		

                    0.98		

                    1.08		

                    1.06		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    32		

                    BLUEPRINT MEDICINES CORP		



                    8,876		

                    298,870		

                    0.98		

                    0.29		

                    1.05		

                    195.25		

                    197,644		

                    Up		







                    33		

                    COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL INC		



                    8,773		

                    455,515		

                    0.97		

                    0.77		

                    1.04		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    34		

                    DXCM - DEXCOM INC		

                    DXCM		

                    8,766		

                    100,000		

                    0.97		

                    1.12		

                    1.04		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    35		

                    ALNY - ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS INC		

                    ALNY		

                    8,548		

                    126,120		

                    0.94		

                    1.58		

                    1.02		

                    -37.05		

                    -74,235		

                    Down		







                    36		

                    ACHN - ACHILLION PHARMACEUTICALS		

                    ACHN		

                    8,150		

                    1,006,128		

                    0.90		

                    1.11		

                    0.97		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    37		

                    AUDENTES THERAPEUTICS INC		



                    8,008		

                    449,660		

                    0.88		

                    0.00		

                    0.95		



                    449,660		

                    New		







                    38		

                    EBS - EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC		

                    EBS		

                    7,883		

                    250,000		

                    0.87		

                    0.00		

                    0.94		



                    250,000		

                    New		







                    39		

                    RARE - ULTRAGENYX PHARMACEUTICAL IN		

                    RARE		

                    7,863		

                    110,842		

                    0.87		

                    0.77		

                    0.93		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    40		

                    ARRY - ARRAY BIOPHARMA INC		

                    ARRY		

                    7,763		

                    1,150,000		

                    0.86		

                    0.00		

                    0.92		



                    1,150,000		

                    New		







                    41		

                    FULGENT GENETICS INC		



                    7,376		

                    800,000		

                    0.81		

                    0.00		

                    0.88		



                    800,000		

                    New		







                    42		

                    FORWARD PHARMA A/S		



                    7,123		

                    339,175		

                    0.79		

                    0.87		

                    0.85		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    43		

                    SGMO - SANGAMO BIOSCIENCES INC		

                    SGMO		

                    6,493		

                    1,402,331		

                    0.72		

                    1.15		

                    0.77		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    44		

                    CRIS - CURIS INC		

                    CRIS		

                    6,292		

                    2,410,900		

                    0.69		

                    0.26		

                    0.75		

                    104.90		

                    1,234,255		

                    Up		







                    45		

                    ZYNERBA PHARMACEUTICALS INC		



                    6,271		

                    480,501		

                    0.69		

                    0.47		

                    0.75		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    46		

                    REPH - RECRO PHARMA INC		

                    REPH		

                    5,916		

                    669,239		

                    0.65		

                    0.88		

                    0.70		

                    -14.01		

                    -109,049		

                    Down		







                    47		

                    CYTOMX THERAPEUTICS INC		



                    5,827		

                    371,636		

                    0.64		

                    0.54		

                    0.69		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    48		

                    DERM - DERMIRA INC		

                    DERM		

                    5,820		

                    172,083		

                    0.64		

                    0.71		

                    0.69		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    49		

                    PFNX - PFENEX INC		

                    PFNX		

                    5,661		

                    632,559		

                    0.62		

                    0.75		

                    0.67		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    50		

                    AVEXIS INC		



                    5,434		

                    131,858		

                    0.60		

                    0.00		

                    0.65		



                    131,858		

                    New		










CORMORANT ASSET MANAGEMENT Sector Weightings & New Holdings






Top 5 New BuysClovis Oncology Inc2.58%Protagonist Therapeutics Inc1.86%Gemphire Therapeutics Inc1.08%Audentes Therapeutics Inc0.88%Emergent Biosolutions Inc0.87%




13F Sector AllocationOther50 %Health Care48 %Information Technology2 %--






CORMORANT ASSET MANAGEMENT AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
Cormorant Asset Management Llc had $841.40 million assets under management as of Thursday, April 10, 2014. The historical portfolio values of the hedge fund were: 
$344,573,000 in 2013Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$434,881,000 in 2014Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$377,374,000 in 2014Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$486,175,000 in 2014Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$648,511,000 in 2014Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$647,100,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$752,151,000 in 2015Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$626,096,000 in 2015Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$835,862,000 in 2015Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$1,982,008,000 in 2016Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$705,177,000 in 2016Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$906,836,000 in 2016Q3 – 13F Filing Available
Subsidiaries/Series: Chen Bihua
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?























