

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Cornerstone Capital Group























































Cornerstone Capital Group







 








 Breaking: 
Andrew Masanto Joins Cornerstone's Board of Directors. Read it here






Accelerating the Velocity of MoneySM
“Given the magnitude of the challenges facing the global economy, there must be massive deployment of investment capital towards sustainable business growth and development.”
Learn more




To Create and ProtectSM
“Fostering collaboration, communication, innovation and productivity throughout the products and processes of our firm, we strive to generate great breadth and depth in our relationships and investment practices.”
Learn more




Powered by Human CapitalSM
“The relationships and ideas generated by individuals across the capital markets can not be commoditized. These are the highly valued “supply chain” of great financial institutions and must be cherished.”
Learn more




Honor in the Capital MarketsSM
“With heightened collaboration and transparency in the capital markets, trust and confidence can be rebuilt so that we can leverage the best heritage of capitalism towards global prosperity.”
Learn more







 




Our Mission


The mission of Cornerstone Capital Group is to instill the discipline of sustainable finance into mainstream capital markets. We provide investment advisory and wealth management services to individuals, family offices, and foundations. Our corporate advisory practice supports organizations seeking to effectively engage shareholders and other stakeholders on material sustainability initiatives.
Each of our services systematically integrates Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) factors into both our strategic and tactical recommendations. We believe these material corporate performance considerations impact long-term financial returns.
We are an SEC-registered investment advisor, and a WBENC-certified women-owned business.
More About Us






HIGHLY CUSTOMIZED ADVICE
We provide our investment advisory clients with deeply researched, independent guidance and a systematic approach to generating competitive investment returns while achieving societal impact.






IN-DEPTH THEMATIC RESEARCH
Cornerstone Capital Group Investment Research connects environmental, social and governance issues with industry and equity market analysis to identify investment opportunities and risks at the sector level.
START READING






We advise companies on using Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) factors to anticipate emerging trends, better articulate the value proposition of their companies to the capital markets, and strengthen their long-term strategies.
LEARN MORE






DIVERSE PERSPECTIVES ON SUSTAINABILITY
Our on-line blog, webinars and other events feature voices from a range of disciplines bringing their unique perspectives on progress towards a regenerative and inclusive global economy.
ACCESS THE JOURNAL OF SUSTAINABLE FINANCE AND BANKING
ACCESS OUR EVENTS CALENDAR








News and insights from Cornerstone


 




Thank you, your sign-up request was successful. Given email address is already subscribed, thank you! Please provide a valid email address. Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. 












 
























Contact Cornerstone Capital Partners

















































 























You are here: Home | Contact Us 

















Contact Us



Contact Details555 Fifth Avenue
14th floor
New York, NY 10017(212) 986-5470saltman@cornerstonecappartners.com (212) 986-5316Contact Form   Your Name: (*)  Your Email: (*)  Your message (*) Are you human?4 + 42 =       



















 










 





















Cornerstone News






















































































Logo




























Navigation

















































































Monday, 13 May 2013














·        
MARKET RECAP

·        
GOING FORWARD 

·        
ON A LIGHTER NOTE

 

 

 

 






 

 

VOLUME 23, NUMBER 5

 

 

MAY 2013





 


April was an abnormally cool and dry month
which has delayed spring and will result in very high pollen levels in
May.  The Toronto weather was reflected in the Canadian
market as well.  The TSX was down 
-2.3% on a combination of increasing deficit ($1.02 billion), a collapse in the
price of gold, and a continued back up and lack of delivery of western Canadian
oil!  The inability to deliver western
Canadian oil has resulted in producers having to sell at a discount to West
Texas International (WTI $90 per barrel) by as much as $30-$40.  This massive discount is resulting in royalty
tax losses of over $4 billion to the government of Alberta and $8 billion to the federal government.


 


The ‘end of the world’ scenario has been
removed from global investors’ minds thanks to coordinated central bank massive
monetary easing!  While this has been
very positive for the U.S.
stock market, it concurrently collapsed the price of gold ($1,350/ounce) and
resulted in very large losses for all the mining stocks on the Canadian TSX.


 


Stuart Investment Management Limited’s
allocation model of 45% Canadian equities/45% U.S. equities/10% cash has
recently been pared back to approximately 35% Canadian/40% U.S./25% cash as we
took advantage of the strong moves in some of our holdings.  Having raised cash, we are waiting to invest
it when markets are at more favourable lower levels.  We are not going to ‘sell in May and go
away’!  In fact, we believe that any
market sell-off would be a good time to deploy your cash into large-cap well
managed companies.


 


As spring progresses, we believe the U.S.
federal government will continue to collect larger than planned tax revenues,
resulting in a very favourable tail wind for the Dow and S+P equity markets.






 


 


 




Courtesy of Eli Stein





Posted by



CornerstoneAdmin




at

10:05





No comments:
    











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest















Thursday, 14 March 2013













·        
CANADA’S
PREMIUM PRICING?

·        
US LUMBERS INTO SEQUESTRATION

·        
INTERNATIONAL WHIRL-AROUND 

 



 
VOLUME 23, NUMBER 3                                                                                                  MARCH 2013


 


February 2013
continued the run into its third month with all the major North American
markets up, only with the ‘laggard’ this time being the NASDAQ; - up barely 0.057%,
whilst the TSX, the Dow Jones Industrial Average, and the S&P 500 had gains
of 1.08%, 1.40% and 1.11% respectively. More remarkably were the gains in all
markets since the New Year began with the TSX up 3.12%, the DJIA 7.25%, the S&P
500 6.20%, and the NASDAQ 4.66%. The Canadian Dollar slid 3.3% to US$0.9696,
from US$1.0027
at February 28, 2013.


 
                                               CANADA’S
PREMIUM PRICING


 
The improvement in
the US
equity markets above may have had something to do with foreigners dumping
Canadian securities in December as they sold $6.7 billion of Canadian equities,
primarily tendering Canadian shares to foreign direct investors acquiring
control of large Canadian assets. Foreign holdings of Canadian bonds also fell
by $655 million, caused mainly by large debt retirements and coupon payments.
For the year 2012, foreigners bought $83.2 billion in Canadian securities, down
from $97.3 billion in 2011. Simultaneously Canadians almost doubled their
investment in securities abroad to $35.1 billion in 2012 from $18.3 billion in
2011. 


Canadian Finance
Minister Jim Flaherty asked the Canadian Senate to study pricing differentials
between the US and Canada, which had become more blatantly obvious to Canadian
taxpayers/voters as the Canadian and US Dollars traded near par with each other
for several months last year. A Bank of
Montreal 2012 study of a basket of goods concluded that Canadian domestic
prices were on average about 14% higher than those in the USA. One of the more blatant
examples was auto parts, where the pricing differentials could be as much as
300% for identical parts. Canadian import tariffs, government regulations, high
transportation costs, a more costly distribution system due to the population
density in Canada,
and the protectionist supply management system for eggs, poultry and dairy
products are all partly to blame. This study has opened the door to eventually
lowering tariffs on some consumer products to try to stem the increase in
cross-border shopping, which costs Canadian businesses billions of dollars each
year.
 
Canadians have
gone back to borrowing, as the average consumer’s debt load increased 6% to
$27,485 at yearend 2012, encouraged by low interest rates. So far the
delinquency rates are still fairly low, but this will change rapidly with any
increase in interest rates.At the same time, the Royal Bank reported that
small declines in home prices and mortgage rates made housing slightly more
affordable in 2012, and this is expected to continue this year.Home ownership
costs also dropped 2.6% in Vancouver, Canada’s
least affordablemarket, where it
takes 82.2% of monthly pre-tax household income to afford a
detached bungalow!

The Canada Pension Plan Investment Board
saw its quarterly returns boosted by strength in global equity markets. It made
a profit of $384 million on the 2012 sale of its investment in Progress Energy to Malaysian state oil
company Petronas Bhd. The CPPIB ended the year with $172.6
billion in net assets, making it one of the world’s largest pension funds.
Three of Canada’s big six banks posted stronger than expected quarterly
earnings, in spite of a slowdown in consumer lending, with the Toronto-Dominion Bank, the Royal Bank, the
Bank of Nova Scotia, the Bank of
Montreal and the National Bank all
raising their dividends which should lead to increased payouts on the BMO Covered Call Canadian Banks ETF which
we have in a number of SIML accounts. This ETF has a current yield of 5.6% at
the time of writing. Two other SIML favorites have been in the news:- Canadian National Railway Co. announced
a $1.9 billion capital spending program to improve service and expand its
business in Canada and the United States, with over $200 million going for new
locomotives and other equipment to compete more effectively with its main rival
Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd., which
is now being run by CN’s retired CEO, Hunter Harrison. Telus Corp.’s profit rose 23% on strength in its wireless business
and its fixed line TV business.


The Chinese
National Overseas Oil Company CNOOC Ltd.
completed the contentious $15.1 billion takeover of Nexen Inc. after seven months of wrangling with Canadian and other
regulators, worried about Chinese control of producing oil fields in the Gulf
of Mexico, West Africa and the North Sea.


 


THE US LUMBERS INTO SEQUESTRATION


 
January 2013 saw
the US Government budget post its first surplus in 5 years with a small $3
billion surplus as a result of the expiry of a payroll tax reduction on January
1, which brought in an extra $9 billion in revenue. The equivalent number for
January 2012 was a deficit of $27 billion. Before too much cheering starts, the
$3 billion surplus should be compared as a percentage of the $1,089 billion
deficit for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012! The US trade
deficit also narrowed to $38.5 billion, its lowest point in 3 years, pointing
to stronger GDP growth after a stagnant 4th Quarter at 0.1%
growth.  As reported in past “Market
Commentaries”, the ongoing crisis at the US Postal Service and its huge deficit
has resulted in it cutting Saturday mail services in an attempt to trim $2
billion in costs after its $15.9 billion loss for the previous year. An
obviously biased survey says that;- “[a majority of] the American public
understands the financial challenges of the Postal Service and supports these
steps…”. Somehow, cutting services 16.7%, whilst raising prices, does not
appear to be a good way to compete with the internet, which will continue to
erode their basic business. Most of the Postal Service’s
losses were due to bloated labour costs and retiree health benefits.
Significantly, the Democrats refused to support a House motion to extend the
pay freeze for 2 million federal workers, and budget hawks claim that the
average US federal worker’s median compensation of $72,714 is nearly double the
median household income! The National Treasury Employees Union president
however claimed; “…federal workers have contributed far more than any other
wage group to economic recovery and deficit reduction”!
 
US oil production grew more in 2012 than in
any year in the 154 year history of the domestic oil industry, according to Tom
Fowler of The Wall Street Journal. Earlier
this year, US
oil production topped 7 million barrels per day, the highest since 1993, and is
expected to top 10 million barrels per day by 2020 says Barron’s. Significantly, the $38.5 billion trade deficit (above) was lowered by $1 billion in
petroleum product exports in December. US
home prices went up an average of 6.8%, off a very low base in 2012, with New York the only major
city where prices fell! Phoenix
led the pack with a 23% gain. House prices remain 29% below their peak in 2006.


The major business
news over the month was the $11 billion stock merger of the bankrupt American
Airlines AMR Corp. with US Airways Group Inc., The combined
company will continue using the American
Airlines name and will be the world’s largest carrier with 900 aircraft,
better able to compete with United
Continental Holdings and Delta
Airlines. Warren Buffets’ Berkshire
Hathaway Inc. recently bought his favorite ketchup manufacturer, the
venerable H.J. Heinz Co. for $23.3
billion in conjunction with 3G Capital
Management. Dell Computers Inc. will be taken private by its founder
Michael Dell, in conjunction with private equity firm Silver Lake, Microsoft Corp. and a consortium of banks in another
$24.4 billion buyout. Finally, Donald Trump’s bankrupt masterpiece Trump Plaza Casino on Atlantic City’s
Boardwalk was sold for a mere $20 million to construction, engineering and real
estate company Meruelo Group of
Downey, California. The Casino’s original construction cost was $210 million,
when it opened in May 1984!


 


INTERNATIONAL WHIRL-AROUND


 
A survey of global
foreign exchange players indicate that the $5 trillion foreign exchange market
has jolted itself back to life as institutional investors return to the market
and volumes spiked in January. Strong global mergers and acquisitions volumes
and perceptions of a rapidly weakening Yen allowing a return of the ‘Yen Carry
Trade’, have also helped boost forex volumes. February 2013 saw the beginning
of the Chinese Year of the Snake, after the year of the Water Dragon, and over
200 million Chinese workers took the week off to return to their families in
the biggest human mass migration on earth. China’s
Saturday evening New Year TV program saw an estimated 700 million people watch Canada’s
Celine Dion sing her theme tune “My Heart Will Go On” from the movie ‘Titanic’!
Foreign direct investment fell 7.3% to $9.3 billion, down from $11.7 billion
the month previously as China
competed with cheaper rivals and the slowdown for their New Year celebrations. Beijing has said it wants
to bring in $120 billion in foreign investment each year to 2015.


A ten metric tonne
meteorite streaked across the sky above central Russia at 19 miles per second
giving off a supersonic boom that shattered thousands of windows, wreaked havoc
with mobile phone networks, and could be seen 125 miles away. It gave some idea
of the magnitude of meteor impacts in prehistoric times which repeatedly
resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs and various other life forms on earth,
and the violent formation of the Sudbury and Norilsk mineral deposits.
The Eurozone slipped deeper into recession in the last quarter of 2012,
rounding out the year with negative growth of 0.5%. Even the powerhouse, Germany
contracted 0.6% in the fourth quarter, its worst performance since the
financial crisis in 2009. Germany
however, did achieve its first budget surplus of €4.1 billion in 2012, its
first in five years. France’s weak performance forced her Prime Minister to
acknowledge that his deficit goal for 2013 is out of reach as further
contraction is expected, with no Eurozone growth expected before 2014, and then
only at 1.4%. The European Commission predicted unemployment will peak at 12.2%
or 19 million people (more than the Netherlands population!) in 2013. 
 
Britain suffered its first ever sovereign ratings
downgrade, as Moody’s stripped the
country of its pristine “Aaa” rating, causing severe financial embarrassment to
Finance Minister Osborne. The USA
and France
have already been stripped of these ratings by at least one ratings agency, and
can the other agencies be far behind? McGraw-Hill
Companies Inc.’s Standard &
Poor’s rating agency finds itself in a conundrum with the US government, after being formally
charged with a $5 billion fraud by the same government for its ratings of some
of the toxic mortgage backed securities in the 2007-09 financial crisis. There
are questions as to whether other major ratings agencies, including Moody’s
will face similar lawsuits.

Italy took more
than its normal share of the headlines with the election of a totally fractured
government where the lead party is headed by an economically very literate, and
populist former comedian,  and ex-Prime
Minister “Bunga Bunga Berlusconi” appears to be the king maker with the two
losing parties! A new election is predicted within the year. The other great
Italian shock was the unexpected resignation at the end of February of the
first German Bishop of Rome,
Pope Benedict from the Catholic Church, citing his declining physical and
mental strength, leaving a Church in the midst of scandals in several
countries, and a crisis of confidence in the 2000 year old Church. He is the
first Pope to retire voluntarily in almost 700 years. As we write this, the
Cardinals are sequestered in the Sistine Chapel to elect his replacement, which
will probably be announced before you read this, but Canadian Cardinal Marc
Ouellet appears to be a strong candidate for the Fisherman’s Ring! Others are
arguing strongly that it is time for an African or South American Pope, as
those are the areas where the Catholic Church is still showing growth as most
of the Western Countries are becoming either more secular or more Muslim. The
Lord will display the answer soon!

                                                                   TAX SLIPS


 
We have mailed
most 2012 tax slips to our clients, but there may still be some for income
trusts being mailed over the next week or so. Please contact us if you have any
queries.





Posted by



CornerstoneAdmin




at

08:08





No comments:
    











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest















Thursday, 14 February 2013














·        
CANADA’S DAY IN THE SUN?

·        
US LEAPS FROM ‘THE CLIFF’ TO SEQUESTRATION

·        
INTERNATIONAL ROUNDUP

 

 VOLUME 23, NUMBER 2                                                                      FEBRUARY 2013


 


January 2013
continued December’s run with all the major North American markets up, with the
‘laggard’ again being the TSX; - up ‘only’ 2.02%, whilst the Dow Jones
Industrial Average, the S & P 500 and the NASDAQ had gains of 5.77%, 5.04%
and 4.06% respectively. The Canadian Dollar eased off 0.24% to US$1.0027,
from US$1.0051at January 31, 2013.


 
                                                    CANADA’S DAY IN THE SUN?


 
The good news for
the Canadian economy continues, as it appears that the USA may finally be
creeping out of its almost 5 year slump! Canada’s November GDP grew a better
than expected 0.3% after a tepid 0.1% in October, and StatsCan said that; “Most
major industrial sectors increased production in November.” While Canada’s
manufacturing PMI growth was hovering at a two year low, hurt by a stronger
dollar and a weak global economy, employment continued to rise by 39,000 jobs
in December, with the Canadian jobless rate at a four year low of 7.1%. This
picture was in contrast to the US position where job growth was a disappointing
155,000 for December. Canada has now recovered all of the jobs lost during the
2008-2009 recession, whilst inflation has remained below the Bank of Canada’s
2% target. These results are expected to strengthen the Canadian Dollar over
the US Dollar in 2013, after some initial bumps due to the US politicians
squabbling over spending cuts and debt limits. The Bank of Canada has stuck to
its aggressive line on rates, unlike most other major central banks that are
slashing rates or printing money to stimulate growth.


 


Last month we
reported that Canadian auto sales hit the second highest level on record in 2012
with nearly 1.68 million units sold, which was just below the previous record
sales of 1.7 million vehicles in 2002. Auto manufacturers are optimistic that
this record will be shattered this year. US auto sales in 2012 rose more than
13 percent to 14.5 million cars and trucks, a four and a half year increasing
trend, and General Motors has
forecast an increase to between 15 million and 15.5 million for 2013. By
contrast, new car registrations in Europe went into ‘free-fall’ last year with
an 8.2% drop to 12.05 million vehicles. Car sales in Portugal dropped 43% and
in Greece 33% with the biggest slump in Cypress with a 51% drop. Only Sweden
and Great Britain posted gains in 2012. The Canadian Government responded to
the good news in Canada, by pouring $250 million into the Automotive Innovation
Fund. The author wonders why taxpayers’ money should be handed to an industry
which has just had its second best year on record! 



Following the
automotive theme, most Canadians do not know that Mexico now
produces approximately 26% more auto vehicles than
Canada does, with 2011 production numbers (not sales) of 2,680,037 versus
Canada’s 2,134,893 vehicles for the same year. This theme is behind some of SIML’s interest in US and Canadian
railroads which are transporting increasing amounts of auto parts and completed
autos between the three NAFTA nations. In addition, they are rapidly increasing
the business of shipping Canadian heavy oil and or Bakken sweet crude to the
Gulf Coast, Mid West and East Coast refiners by rail to take advantage of the crude
spread differentials between Brent Crude, West Texas Intermediate Crude and
Canadian heavy crude, which are caused by current pipeline bottlenecks. 


Last month we
reported on Standard & Poor’s downgrading of the ratings of the six large
Canadian banks. Not to be out-done, Moody’s followed suit, and the TD Bank lost its coveted ‘AAA’ rating
(which was higher than the US Government’s rating), and it was downgraded to
‘Aa1’. The Royal Bank of Canada
topped the Canadian tables as the top Financial Advisor in 2012 with 102
announced Merger & Acquisition deals worth $76 billion, or 34.9% of the
market. In equity and debt issuances the Royal Bank also led with $5.58 billion
in 68 transactions and $39.9 billion in 131 issues respectively.


Enbridge Inc. announced $600 million worth of oil pipeline
expansions in both Canada and the USA in an attempt to take advantage of the
spread differentials currently being experienced by some of the oil producers.
This comes as the International Energy Agency has predicted that the output
from Alberta’s oil sands alone is expected to almost triple to 4.3 million
barrels per day by 2035. Enbridge anticipates the new expansions will be in
service by 2015. The much ballyhooed debut of Research in Motion Ltd.’s new BlackBerry 10 operating system and
its new series of phones was unveiled on January 30, 2012 to mostly favourable
reviews, and also a change in corporate identity, with the company being
renamed BlackBerry Inc. The new
phones were sold out within hours in Canada but their release in the USA was
delayed pending carrier certification of the new operating system. The
Blackberry shares have rallied from a low of $6.10 in November 2012 to a recent
high of $18.49 in anticipation of this re-launch.


 


US LEAPS FROM ‘THE CLIFF’
TO SEQUESTRATION


 


The US GDP
unexpectedly contracted 0.1% in the fourth quarter, with most of the drop being
caused by slower inventory growth and the deepest spending cuts in 40 years. Without the two
latter factors, the economy would have grown a respectable 2.5% for the
quarter. Economists were encouraged by the
acceleration in consumer spending and the rebound in
business investment, which they felt pointed to some fundamental
economic strength. Whilst private sector payrolls expanded by 192,000 jobs in
January after increasing 185,000 in December, economists felt that a sustained
growth pace in excess of 3% p.a. would be needed over a longer period to lower
the jobless rate of 7.8%. The Republican controlled House of Representatives
voted to extend the US Debt Ceiling to May 19, 2013, but allows the government
‘to borrow what is needed’ above the current debt ceiling of $16.4 trillion!
Handing Congress a blank cheque is never a good idea! Meanwhile the US Federal
Reserve Bank’s unprecedented bond buying, pushed the Fed’s balance sheet to a
record $3.01 trillion as it prints more money and buys more newly-issued Government
bonds with the money! Incroyable


The US trade
deficit continued to widen to $48.7 billion as imports increased by 3.8% whilst
exports only increased 1%. Markets were expecting the deficit to shrink.
Housing starts concurrently climbed to the highest rate since the crash in June
2008 with a 12.1% surge to a 954,000 unit annualized rate. With the increasing
confidence of US consumers, so rose consumer credit for the fourth consecutive
month, giving further hope to a strengthening economy. Likewise US shopping
mall vacancies declined for the fifth straight quarter, but Class “A” malls
with luxury retailers still boasted lower vacancies than more mainstream malls


In spite of data
feed glitches, the NASDAQ OMX Group
reported higher fourth quarter revenues as non-trading revenues overcame a drop
in trading revenues. The US Labor Department reported that the percentage of
unionized workers dropped to 11.3% in 2012, the lowest level in 76 years, as
several States have passed “Right to Work” laws making payment of union dues
voluntary for workers. Union membership peaked in 1954 with 28.3% of workers
represented by organized labor. Unionization is still strongest in the public
sector at 35.9%, where wage and benefit generosity is condoned by politicians
seeking short term votes with taxpayer’s money. Unionization in the private
sector was just 6.6% with private sector workers earning on average 27% LESS
than public sector workers. 


After the best
year for North American auto sales since 2007, the Ford Motor Co. doubled its
dividend to seven year high of $0.40 giving it a current dividend yield of
3.05%. The company simultaneously increased its cash position by $2 billion in
2012. (The company had cut its dividend completely in June of 2006, and only
restored it in March of 2012.) Abbott
Laboratories Inc. and its spinoff Abbvie
Inc. are both off to a good start as newly separated entities. Abbott forecast
earnings for 2013 of $1.98 to $2.04 per share from its medical devices,
diagnostics and nutritional products businesses, above analysts’ estimates.
Abbvie’s sales of branded drugs rose 7.4%, also topping analysts’ estimates. E.I. Du Pont De Nemours and Co. also
beat earnings estimates, but the CEO is cautious amid weakness in its
performance chemicals and electronics and communications businesses. Du Pont is
well positioned in the agricultural market with sales rising 18% on revenues of
$1.5 billion. Proctor & Gamble Co.
raised its outlook for 2013 after beating earnings estimates for the fourth
quarter. It is currently estimating earnings of between $3.97 and $4.07 per
share for 2013. Johnson & Johnson
is mulling selling or spinning off its slow-growing Ortho Clinical Diagnostics
business following the lead of Abbott Laboratories. Proctor & Gamble and
Johnson & Johnson are currently trading at all time highs.


 


INTERNATIONAL ROUNDUP


 


It is now official
that China is the world’s biggest trading nation for physical goods (as opposed
to services), with import and export business totaling $3.87 trillion versus
the comparable figure of $3.82 trillion for the USA. For many nations around
the world, China is now their most important bilateral trade partner, with all
the attendant political clout that goes therewith. China’s economy posted its
slowest growth since 1999 in the year ended December 31, 2012 at 7.9% but still
a number in the acceptable range for providing jobs to newly graduated students
entering the workforce. Meanwhile 27 Chinese companies that had listed on US
stock exchanges announced plans to go private to avoid the increased scrutiny
being given them by the US regulators after a number of stock market frauds by
Chinese based companies.  


The International
Labour Organization estimated that 202 million people will be jobless this year
globally, out of a total population of approximately 7 billion, with a lot of
these classified as ‘discouraged workers’ who have given up all hope of a job.
Unemployment in the Eurozone hit a new high of 18.8 million or 11.8% on
average, with unemployment rates ranging up to 50% for youth under 25 in Greece
& Spain. Meanwhile the default rate on ‘junk-bonds’ globally has finally
started to drop, ending the year at 2.6% of all bonds issued, helped by the low
interest rate policy of the Federal Reserve Bank and other central banks. The
new Japanese government being a prime example, with simulative spending of $4.9
billion to boost businesses, in spite of concerns on the current level of
Japanese public debt.


The Eurozone seems
determined to shoot itself in the foot by implementing a ‘financial
transactions tax’ in Germany, France and nine other countries. Sweden and
Britain have opposed these taxes, as the transactions will merely move to
friendlier jurisdictions, with the consequent further drops in high paying
service jobs in the financial sector. Spain’s largest and most international
bank, the Bank Santander sees its
profitability rebounding in 2013 as it works its way out from under a portfolio
of bad real estate loans. Santander is eyeing a purchase of the National Australia Bank’s UK business
unit for as much as $2 billion as a prelude to a London listing and to
accelerate its expansion into the UK. Santander already has a major presence in
Mexico, Brazil and other South American countries. The UK economy actually
contracted 0.3% in the last quarter of 2012 after the glow from the Summer
Olympics and the Paralympics had worn off. 


 










































































Cartoon courtesy of Bizarro







Posted by



CornerstoneAdmin




at

11:35





No comments:
    











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest















Tuesday, 15 January 2013













·        
CANADA’S DAYS LENGTHEN AGAIN

·        
US MOVES ‘THE CLIFF’ BACKWARDS

·        
INTERNATIONAL ROUNDUP

 

 

 

VOLUME 23, NUMBER 1                                                                    JANUARY 2013



 


The year 2012 ended
with a bang, as a last minute deal in the US Congress managed to postpone the
worst effects of the ‘Fiscal Cliff’ into the future. Overall, all the major
North American markets closed up, with the US markets up substantially for the
year. The ‘laggard’ was the TSX; - up ‘only’ 4.00% for 2012, whilst the Dow
Jones Industrial Average, the S & P 500 and the NASDAQ soared with gains of
7.26%, 13.4% and a stunning 15.90% respectively. The Canadian Dollar popped
2.22% over the year to US$1.0051, from US$0.9833 at December 31, 2011, even though it dropped
0.13% in December 2012. The month of December was remarkable in that the TSX
significantly outperformed most of the US markets with a 1.59% gain whilst the
US markets were almost flat in spite of the fiscal cliff euphoria.


 


CANADA’S DAYS
LENGTHEN AGAIN


 


Canadian auto sales
finished the year relatively strong, but the major surprise was that the once
mighty General Motors has slipped to
third place behind Ford Motor Company
with 275,953 sales and Chrysler (in
second place for the first time in four decades), and is just ahead of Toyota Motors in Canada. GM’s sales of
226,825 units were less than half of their peak sales of 519,027 vehicles in
2002. Overall, Canadian auto sales improved 5.7% year over year in 2012 to
nearly 1.68 million units — just shy of their previous peak in 2002 of 1.7
million vehicles, despite December sales falling 5% from the same month a year
ago. Industry pundits are hoping for a record year in 2013, and feel that
General Motors sales will benefit from the release of a number of new models in
2013. Despite selling over 100,000 units of its “F Series” full-sized pickup
trucks to hold the top spot for three successive years, Ford’s market share
slipped to 16.5% from 17.5% in 2011 as South Korean manufacturers Hyundai and Kia gained market share and Toyota
and Honda bounced back after product
recalls and the tsunami in 2011.


 


The Canadian trade
deficit narrowed by almost $1 billion as exports surged and imports declined
5.7%. Exports were led by energy exports which rose 3% to $8.4 billion which
was the third consecutive monthly increase in this sector with the other major
components of this gain being farm, fishing and intermediate food products.
Canada’s prudent fiscal structure and stronger currency were also major factors
in foreign purchases of Canadian securities, which increased $13.6 billion for
the month of October alone, predominantly the purchase of Canadian corporate
bonds placed in the United States in US dollars. Simultaneously, Canadians
halved their purchases of foreign securities to $3.19 billion for the month. To
the end of October, foreigners purchased $76.16 billion worth of Canadian
securities, up from $74.21 billion for the same period in 2011. Significantly,
the largest portion of equity
purchases for the period appears to be for oil and gas companies.


 


In spite of the
good news in Canada, Standard & Poor’s lowered their ratings on several
Canadian financial institutions, including the Bank of Nova Scotia, National Bank of Canada, Laurentian Bank, Caisse
Centrale Desjardins, Central 1 Credit Union and Home Capital Group. Despite these downgrades, the ratings for
Canadian banks remain among the highest in the world.


 


US MOVES ‘THE
CLIFF’ BACKWARDS


 


Last month we
reported that two US citizens did not have to worry about financial planning
for a while after winning the US$550 million “Powerball” Lottery. Apparently
this is not necessarily the case, as recently another Chicago man, a winner of
$1 million in the Illinois Lottery died of cyanide poisoning less than two
months after winning, and before having received his cheque from the lottery
corporation.  


 


The US Congress
were pummeled into a last minute compromise which temporarily avoided the
‘Fiscal Cliff’ on January 1, but did not deal with the US Government’s Debt
Ceiling, which currently is limited to $16.4 trillion, and Treasury officials
say they'll run out of money to pay all the government's obligations sometime
in February or March if Congress doesn't raise this limit on their borrowing
authority. After being forced to back down in the Fiscal Cliff horse-trading,
Republicans have said they will seek major spending cuts in exchange for any
agreement to raise the debt limit, and President Obama has said he won't
negotiate on the debt limit. More uncertainty in the markets! The US Congress
did back a bill authorizing a $633 billion defense budget for 2013.


 


The current account
deficit in the US narrowed 9% in the Third Quarter to $107.5 billion, the
smallest in two years as imports slowed in response to cooling demand in the
US. The trade deficit, which accounts for the largest portion of the current
account deficit, widened 4.9% as exports suffered the largest drop in nearly
four years. Weakening exports are a reflection of the slowing global demand,
especially in China and debt-ridden Europe.


 


Last month we
reported on the sell-off of the US Treasury Department’s remaining stake in American International Group Inc. which
purportedly resulted in a combined $22.7 billion ‘profit’ to the US Treasury
and the Federal Reserve Bank. The Treasury recently announced that it planned
to sell off its shares in about two thirds of the remaining 218 banks that took
‘bail-out’ money from the government during the 2008 financial 


 


crisis. In total
these banks owe the Treasury about $7.5 billion which should be compared to the
$182.3 billion originally lent to just AIG! The Treasury claims that it has
recovered over $380 billion or 90% of the $418 billion it disbursed through the
Troubled Asset Relief Program in interest and repayments. As they announced the
impending sales of these bank shares, foreign demand for US Equities and debt
has declined by $56.7 billion, as international investors seek better returns
elsewhere.


 


Manufacturing
contracted in November due to ‘Superstorm Sandy’ and also worries over the
resolution of the Fiscal Cliff, just as indicators are showing some signs of
recovery in manufacturing in China which usually leads to later orders from US
manufacturers. Auto sales in the US tracked those in Canada, with sales at a
five year high of 1.14 million vehicles in November, the highest since 2007 and
the financial crisis, with total 2012 sales of 14.5 million vehicles. Since
2007 average auto purchase prices have risen 9.4%, to an average of $30,550,
from $27,917. US home prices also rose in 2012 for their first gain in 6 years,
albeit off a low base. Low interest rates, higher employment rates and prices
that are still 30% below their July 2006 peaks, have encouraged home buyers to
re-enter the market, fuelling a ‘virtuous circle’ which will drive economic
growth, housing construction and price increases.


 


The US Banking
industry posted its highest earnings since 2006 in the Third Quarter with
earnings of $37.6 billion, up 6% from a year earlier. The improving economy
also allowed the banks to reduce their loss provisions by 20.6% year-over-year.
Bank deposits however surged to $2 trillion more than bank loans as the threat
of a slowing economy tempered loan demand and lenders tightened loan standards.
As borrowers were deleveraging, increasing cash balances were being deposited
with the same banks. Banks are lending on average $0.78 for every $1.00 in
deposits which is below the mid 90% range deemed optimal for a well-run bank.
Another sign of increased consumer liquidity is investors poured $8.68 billion
into stock Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), well offsetting outflows from stock
mutual funds. 


 


Over the past 18
months or so, we have documented here the ongoing attempts at takeovers of
assorted stock exchanges globally. The trend is still alive, with another $8.2
billion bid for the venerable New York Stock Exchange, NYSE Euronext by the upstart
IntercontinentalExchange Inc. This bid, at a 38% premium to the closing
market price, was approved by the directors & major owners of NYSE
Euronext. If the takeover is approved by regulators, it will mark the end of
the dinosaur age with its open outcry on the NYSE floor, as all of
IntercontinentalExchange’s existing markets are 100% computer-based with no
actual floor traders. At the same time, the NASDAQ stock exchange in the US was
forced to cancel pre-market trades in nine large capitalization stocks due to a
programming glitch which caused wild swings in the prices of these shares. Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc.
announced a deal to buy Plains
Exploration & Production Co. and McMoRan
Exploration Co. for $9 billion. Shareholders were unimpressed with this
supposed ‘diversification’ move as Freeport had spun out McMoRan Exploration
several years ago as a ‘de-diversification’ move! The Freeport shares promptly
dropped 16% in response to the announcement!


 


Sadly, General
Norman Schwarzkopf, the commander of the US forces who routed and humiliated
the Iraqi army in a six week war to eject them after they invaded Kuwait in
1999, died at his home in Florida at the age of 78.


 


INTERNATIONAL
ROUNDUP


 


In 2013,
geopolitical jitters will dominate the markets and the world worries about
concerns with Israel and Iran rattling swords, an ongoing civil war in Syria,
unrest in Egypt where the rules of democracy apparently have allowed Muslim
hardliners to hijack their new constitution, and China and Japan in raucous
territorial disputes over offshore islands.


 


In response to
worries about their large neighbor, Japanese retail investors poured $2.3
billion into a mutual fund that invests primarily in US, Canadian and Mexican
shares as an attempt to shield their wealth from regional problems. This was
the third biggest raise ever for a Japanese mutual fund. In China the factory
sector is bouncing back somewhat to its strongest level since May 2011, and the
country is on course to achieve growth of 7.7% for 2012. The Chinese foreign
exchange regulator has increased the $1 billion limit on sovereign wealth
funds, central banks and other monetary authorities who wish to buy Chinese
assets through their Qualified Institutional Investor Program by a factor of
ten. India’s current account deficit hit a record high of $22.3 billion, or
5.4% of GDP in the Third Quarter as export growth slowed sharply, and imports
of gold and oil surged. India’s factory output however rose 8.2% off a very low
base, boosted by increased demand during the festive season in India.


 


The European
Central Bank said it will continue to supply euro-zone banks with ‘all the
liquidity they ask for’ in the central bank’s refinancing operations until at
least July 2013.


Europe’s second
largest economy France, has been warned by the Fitch bond rating agency that it
will reach the maximum debt level it can tolerate in 2014 without losing its
only remaining “AAA” credit rating, and there was no room for slippage on the
part of socialist President Hollande’s Government. The President very unwisely
retorted publically that; “France does not determine its economic policies
according to credit rating agencies…” 


 


Finally: Queen
Elizabeth II became the first monarch to attend a Cabinet Meeting of the
British Government since George III did so in 1781. Her visit was part of the
Jubilee celebrations to mark her 60 years on the throne. Her visit was somewhat
more relaxed than Georges’ as she was updated on the passage of current
legislation and wished the Cabinet a “Merry Christmas”. Poor King George was
informed at his cabinet meeting that relations with their rebellious US
ex-colonies ‘had improved markedly since then [1776]’.


 


CONTRIBUTE TO
YOUR TFSA NOW!


 


SIML clients should
plan on maximizing their contributions to a Tax Free Savings Account this
month, to maximize the benefits of tax-free compounding. The allowable
contribution for 2013 is $5,500. If you already have a TFSA with SIML, you can
arrange to make your contribution either by cheque or as a transfer from one of
your other taxable accounts at SIML. TFSAs allow total contributions of up to
$25,500 to be tax sheltered from all dividend, interest and capital gains
taxes, and are available to all Canadians over the age of 18. If you do not
have a TFSA, we would be very pleased to set one up for you here at SIML. 





Posted by



CornerstoneAdmin




at

06:03





No comments:
    











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest















Thursday, 20 December 2012










• CANADA SETTLES INTO WINTER
• US SHAMBLES TOWARD ‘THE CLIFF’
• INTERNATIONAL DEMOGRAPHICS?







VOLUME 22, NUMBER 12

November was a lackluster month after the excitement of the US Presidential Election died away, and the major Markets closed mixed. The S & P 500 and the NASDAQ were the only two markets up with gains of 0.28% and 1.11% respectively, whilst the TSX and the Dow Jones Industrial Index were down 1.48% and 0.54% respectively. The Canadian Dollar popped up 0.54% to US$1.0064, from US$1.001 at October 31, 2012. 





CANADA SETTLES INTO WINTER

We commented last month on Canada’s waffling on the takeovers of Progress Energy Resources and Nexen Inc. by two foreign state-controlled entities. It appears that cooler heads prevailed and both of these takeovers have been approved subject to minor conditions. Somewhat emboldened by this about-face, BCE Inc. is reportedly preparing a new bid for Astral Media Incorporated after having its initial $3 billion proposal soundly rejected by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission.

The Canadian press and business community was all a-twitter after NWT-born Canadian, Mark Carney, the current Governor of the Bank of Canada and Chairman of the G20's Financial Stability Board, was appointed as an outsider to be the 120th Governor of the Venerable Old Lady of Threadneedle Street, the Bank of England. On July 1, 2013, he will replace the current long-serving Governor, Mervyn King, after some of his potential heirs apparently were tainted by the LIBOR fixing scandal and other rumours. 

The Canadian economy grew at a weaker than expected 0.6% in the Third Quarter after growing at 1.7% for the previous two quarters. The choppy recovery in the USA and the ongoing debt crisis in Europe were blamed for the wariness of businesses and individuals in Canada. The current account deficit increased $500 million to $18.9 billion as exports declined $3.7 billion and imports likewise declined $3.5 billion. The total Canadian Federal debt has just exceeded the $600 billion mark but, as we remarked previously, the debt burden is now growing slower than the growth in GDP which is a good trend to continue. The job growth in Canada was also increasing more than expected, which is a good sign when one looks at the turmoil in Europe and the uncertainty still roiling the US markets. The unemployment rate, however, remained at 7.4%. Foreign investors continued their vote of confidence in Canada with total purchases of $13.9 billion of Canadian government bonds and corporate equities, whilst Canadian investors bought $6 billion of foreign securities, primarily US equities, in September.





DECEMBER 2012

The global acquisition spree of the $170.1 billion Canada Pension Plan Investment Board continues unabated after 
their global equity portfolio propelled them to a 1.9% gain in their Second Quarter. (The median return for Canadian pension funds was 3.2% for the same period.) The CPPIB has formed a joint venture with Singapore Government controlled Global Logistic Properties, and will invest $343 million to expand Global’s logistics portfolio in Brazil.

Statistics Canada said Canadian corporate profits were up 3.7% in Q3 over the previous quarter, with earnings of $72.2 billion. In spite of this, Canada’s Barrick Gold Corp., one of the world’s largest gold producers, saw revenues and earnings drop in spite of the recent hike in gold prices. October’s “Superstorm Sandy” caused $100 million in insurance claims for damage to homes, cars and businesses, and killed two people in Canada.  The same storm caused at least $50 billion damage and over 110 deaths in the USA. This did not deter Canadian private equity firm Onex Corp. from buying New York based USI Insurance Services for $2.3 billion. USI recently bought TD Insurance Inc., the US insurance subsidiary of TD Bank. The Canadian National Railway Co. announced it has gained business from lines and markets recently abandoned by Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd., whose new CEO is the old CEO of CNR and is shaking up the sleepy CP in a similar fashion to his tenure at CNR. TransCanada Corp. was awarded a $400 million contract with Mexico’s federal power company to construct a 413 km gas pipeline in the Mexican state of Sinaloa. TransCanada already operates two gas pipelines and has a third under construction in Mexico.

Not surprisingly, 20% of 25 to 44 year old Canadians polled said they would prefer an extra week of paid vacation over a $500 increase in salary! Toronto Mayor, Rob Ford, was surprisingly ordered to vacate the office after a farcical legal challenge promoted by leftist opponents was allowed by a Superior Court Judge, who admitted that the Mayor had no net benefit to himself and no fraud or criminal activity was involved. It is a sad day when the largest-ever Canadian voting majority of 380,000 voters elect a mayor, who is then thrown out on a legal technicality engineered by his losing opponents. Democracy has now been over-ruled by lawyers! Luckily, the Mayor has been given leave to appeal this ruling and can stay in office until his appeal is heard. Meanwhile, the front-man plaintiff in this case purportedly was - ‘bemoaning the money and energy spent on the court fight rather than what he thinks should be the top priority: bettering the city’. Ironically, he was the sole cause of a colossal waste of taxpayers’ money on lawyers and the trial.





US SHAMBLES TOWARD ‘THE CLIFF’

Two US citizens from Arizona and Missouri do not have to 
worry about financial planning for their future. They will split the US$550 Million US Powerball lottery jackpot! The rest of Americans do have to worry, as their politicians seem to be unable to grasp the seriousness of the rapidly approaching ‘Fiscal Cliff’ and seem to be more intent on scoring cheap political points than arriving at a workable solution which would be possible with honest intention on both sides.

The US economy grew at a modest 2.7% in the Third Quarter as a narrower trade deficit and inventory gains overshadowed a smaller gain in consumer spending. Exports rose 3.1% as imports rose only 1.5% as the quantity of imported oil fell even as oil prices rose somewhat. Jobless claims decreased by 23,000 to 393,000 versus a forecast of 390,000 claims, resulting in a four year high in consumer confidence and, coincidentally, a four year high in housing starts at an adjusted annual rate of 894,000 units. The peak rate for housing starts was 2.27 million in January 2006 at the height of the pre-Lehman Brothers sub-prime mortgage madness. Always the fly in the ointment though; the US Budget Deficit rose to $120 billion just for the month of October! (By way of comparison, Canada’s ANNUAL deficit is projected to be $21.1 billion this year; or about 68 times less than the USA on an annualized basis.)

Foreign buying of US financial assets fell as confidence grew that Europe may finally be starting to resolve its debt crisis, but China still remains the largest holder of US Treasury notes at $1.16 trillion. The US Treasury Department announced it was selling off its remaining stake in American International Group Inc. which it was forced to support with $182 billion at the height of the Lehman Brothers crisis, and ultimately owned a 92% stake in AIG. The Treasury Department claims they have already made $15.1 billion in ‘profits’ from their previous sales of AIG shares, and the current sale is expected to add a further $7.8 billion to that figure. Treasury still owns an undisclosed number of warrants to buy AIG shares which also have significant value today.

The American consumer is back but in a different way! On “Black Friday”, online shopping topped $1 billion for the first time, as users have become more comfortable with the convenience and the perceived security of Internet Shopping. Whilst Amazon.com was the most visited retail website, Wal-Mart Stores, Best Buy Co., Target Corp. and Apple Inc. were the next most visited sites and online shopping now accounts for about 10% of all consumer spending in the USA. 

In advance of President Obama’s higher tax rates proposed on capital gains and dividend income as part of the package to avoid the ‘Fiscal Cliff’, over 173 US companies have declared special dividend payouts before a threatened rise in the dividend tax rate from 15% to 43.4%. Others are artificially creating capital gains before yearend as part of asset freezes to lower the future capital gains taxes on assets held. As predicted in previous Market Commentaries, the US Postal Service lumbers to bigger and bigger losses and could face a cash shortfall after losing $15.9 billion on revenues of $65 billion in its fiscal year ended Sept 30, 2012! Mail volumes have dropped 5% year over year but parcel volume is up over 8.7% in keeping with the increase in online shopping discussed above.

ConocoPhillips, a SIML favourite, announced it has agreed to sell its 8.4% interest in the Kashagan project in Kazakhstan to India’s biggest energy producer, Oil & Natural Gas Corp. for $5 billion. The largest US power company, Duke Energy Corp. beat the street’s profit estimates with net earnings up to $594 million, but earnings per share were down due to the shares issued for the recent purchase of Progress Energy in July.






INTERNATIONAL DEMOGRAPHICS?

The incoming leadership of China after the 18th Congress of the Communist Party has said that abolishing China’s 1979 “One-Child Policy” is at the top of their agenda for change. The Chinese fertility rate dropped to 1.18 in 2010, far below the replacement level of 2.1 required to maintain a stable population. Japan is another country with serious demographic problems with a rapidly declining population and with one of the oldest average ages, there will be serious problems with finding enough young workers to support their large retiree base. The Japanese yen has dipped as low as 80.83 to the US dollar as the Japanese economy shrank 0.9% in the Third Quarter, and investors come to grips with Japan’s massive debts which have to be paid off by a shrinking population. In keeping with the theme of shrinking growth, India’s slumping economy grew at ‘only’ 5.3% in Q3, its lowest rate in a decade (though its population shows no sign of declining yet!), and Brazil, with its large and growing population of 200 million, is only projected to grow 1% this year compared to 7.5% in 2010. The Eurozone has officially fallen back into a double-dip recession, as Q3 numbers showed a 0.1% contraction, and millions of workers across Europe held a day of action to protest austerity measures. France and Germany however, both recorded small growth, with the French number of 0.2% being the first positive number after five quarters of stagnation.






IT’S TFSA TIME AGAIN!

SIML clients should plan on maximizing their contributions to a Tax Free Savings Account as early in January as possible, to maximize the benefits of tax-free compounding in the TFSA. The Government announced an increase in the maximum allowable contribution to $5,500 for 2013. If you already have a TFSA with SIML you can arrange to make your 2013 contribution either in cash or as a transfer from one of your other taxable accounts at SIML. This program will allow total contributions to the end of 2013 of up to $25,500 to be tax sheltered from all dividend, interest and capital gains taxes, and we feel that every Canadian over the age of 18 should have one of these accounts. If you do not have a TFSA, we would be very pleased to set one up for you here at SIML. 

HAPPY HOLIDAYS FROM ALL OF US AT
STUART INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LIMITED!





Posted by



CornerstoneAdmin




at

07:46





No comments:
    











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest















Thursday, 8 November 2012










• CANADA SETS THE CLOCKS BACK • US DECISION DAY • INTERNATIONAL MIXED RESULTS     NOVEMBER 2012   VOLUME 22, NUMBER 11  
The markets were mainly on the downside as October dragged into the November US Presidential Election, and the major US markets were unexpectedly closed for the last two days of the month by Hurricane Sandy. The TSX was the only market up with a 0.87% gain, whilst the Dow Jones Industrial Index, the S & P 500 and the NASDAQ markets were down 2.54%, 1.98% and 4.46% respectively. The Canadian Dollar dropped 1.58% to US$1.001, from US$1.017 at September 30, 2012.   October 19, marked the 25th Anniversary of “Black Monday” on October 19, 1987 when the largest one-day percentage decline in recorded stock market history occurred with a drop of 508 points (or 22.61%) on the Dow Jones Industrial index. (Coincidentally, Wikipedia lists a total of 15 other “Black Mondays” in recorded history since 1209!)   
CANADA SETS THE CLOCKS BACK 
 We have commented before on Canada’s progress in reducing the deficit after the 2008 market meltdown, and the final figures for the 2011-2012 came in slightly higher than anticipated, at $26.2 billion, which was down from $33.4 billion in 2010-2011 and under half of the $55.6 billion deficit in 2009-2010. The deficit was helped by the government tax revenues increasing by $8.1 billion or 3.4% with program expenses rising only $800 million or 0.3%. The federal debt for the year increased by $31.8 billion to a total of $582.2 billion but this growth rate in debt was lower than the growth in GDP, which is a good trend to continue. The deficit has dropped almost 33% for the first five months of the 2012-2013 Fiscal Year at $6.2 billion, down from $9.02 billion last year, well on track to exceed the current target of $21.1 billion for this Fiscal Year.  Statistics Canada adopted new standards which resulted in the Canadian second quarter growth rate being revised up to 1.9% from 1.8% but resulted in no other major changes. Other good news saw Canadian employment rising five times faster than economists had predicted in September, but the jobless rate rose to 7.4% from 7.3% as the labour force expanded by 72,600, and average hourly wages also grew 3.3% year over year. Bloomberg Economics is predicting a 7.2% unemployment rate in Canada for 2013, and 6.9% for the following year. Whilst Canadian households packed on record debt at 165.8% of disposable income, the Canadian Federal government is one of the very few country’s governments to have an unblemished debt rating.  The other five countries who remain in this exclusive club are Australia, Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland. The shortage of “AAA” – “risk free” debt available to investors is causing headaches for major institutional investors who are statute-bound to invest a  large portion of their assets in “AAA” rated paper, which has now dropped to only about 15% of issued global government debt, after the USA was downgraded in 2011.  The condominium market appears to be finally slowing down in Toronto after years of torrid growth. New condo sales in Canada’s largest city plunged 30% in the third quarter from second quarter sales levels, and resale condos also dropped 32%. This has caused developers to delay starts on new projects. The average time from sales launch to occupancy jumped to 3.85 years, and there are projected to be 28,000 condo completions in 2013, to be added to the current unsold inventory of 17,182 condos. This potential inventory number should be compared to the all-time record sales of 28,190 condos sold in 2011!  The Canada Pension Plan Investment Board continues its acquisition spree with the purchase of a 39% stake in Madrid based, Doma Inc., the organizer of the MotoGP and the FIM World Superbikes Championship series, for an estimated $518 million! In a very similar deal, the $100 billion Texas Teachers’ Pension Fund bought a 3% stake in the Formula 1 Motor Racing Series. This writer questions the rationale for these types of ego-driven purchases with pensioner’s money and predicts that they will not end well.  In our last Market Commentary we commented on the negative effects of the newly-elected Quebec ‘Pequist’ Government blocking the takeover of Rona Inc. by the Lowes Companies Inc. Apparently, Quebec is not the only short-sighted government, as the Canadian Federal Government has totally rejected the proposed $3 billion takeover of Astral Media Inc., by BCE Inc. (Bell Canada’s parent company) on the grounds that it is not in the interest of Canadian subscribers! The same government has also “postponed” the decision to allow the $5.2 billion acquisition of Progress Energy Resources by the Malaysian state oil firm Petronas BHD, giving Petronas 30 days to ‘adjust’ its offer. The real agenda behind the Petronas delay is indecision behind the much larger $15.1 billion proposed acquisition of Nexen Inc. by Chinese state oil company CNOOC Ltd. If we keep frightening off foreign purchasers of Canadian assets, we will never raise the billions of dollars in capital required to develop the oil sands and shale gas resources and install export-oriented liquefied natural gas plants in Canada. At the same time TransCanada Corp. of Calgary has entered a $3.1 billion partnership with Phoenix Energy Holdings Ltd. to develop the proposed 500 km Grand Rapids Pipeline project from Fort McMurray to the Edmonton-Heartland region.  Phoenix is a wholly-owned unit of state-owned China National Petroleum Corp.  Finally, Lincoln Alexander, one of Ontario’s best loved Lieutenant Governors died recently in Toronto at the age of 90, concluding a remarkable life filled with a number of ‘groundbreaking firsts’, which never affected his humanity and his warm touch with the common man.  US DECISION DAY  As we write this, the US electorate has cast their vote for Barack Obama to be their leader for the next four years. His first priority of business will be to deal with the looming ‘Fiscal Cliff’ before Congress breaks for Christmas next month, and failure to deal effectively with this, will be negative for the markets for months to come. The election came 8 days after the devastating Hurricane Sandy left large tracts of New England devastated and suffering power outages and fuel and food shortages. New Jersey was particularly hard hit, and subsequently suffered a force 2.0 earthquake as residents were trying to clean up.   For the first time since 1888, the weather stopped U.S. Equity trading for two consecutive days as the NYSE and the NASDAQ markets closed to ensure the safety of their staff.  Conveniently and coincidentally, just before the election, statistics emanating from the USA indicate that its economy was growing more than forecast at 2% in the third quarter, backed by increasing consumer spending, gains in residential construction, and significantly, ‘a rebound in government outlays’! US manufacturing growth ‘unexpectedly expanded in September’, and according to the Labor Department, the US jobless rate suddenly dropped from 8.1% to 7.8% in September – “The lowest rate since President Barack Obama took office in January 2009”.    These rosy statistics cannot hide the fact that the US Budget deficit topped $1 trillion for the fourth consecutive year, even with a budget surplus of $75 billion for September, the final month of the 2012 Fiscal Year. The Chinese government showed its mistrust of the US bond market by reducing its holdings of US Treasuries to $1.15 trillion, just as the Japanese government raised its stake in US Treasuries to $1.12 trillion, and appears set to become the US’s largest creditor. Chairman Ben Bernanke of the US Federal Reserve has indicated he will not stand for a third term as Chairman of the Federal Reserve when his term ends in January 2014, irrespective of who wins the election.  ConocoPhillips, a SIML favourite, announced lower third quarter profits, but still beat analysts’ estimates as it produced more crude than expected from higher margin fields such as the Eagle Ford and the Bakken Fields, and sources have indicated they will be selling their 8.4% stake in the Kashagan oil field in Kazakhstan, likely to the state oil company KazMuaniGas. No price was indicated. The venerable Sprint Nextel Corp., the third largest US Telecom carrier, has agreed to Japan’s mobile telecom operator Softbank Corp. purchase of 70% of the company for $20.1 billion. This will give Sprint the firepower to build out its ‘4G’ network to more effectively compete with market leaders AT&T and Verizon Wireless. Apple Inc. unveiled a new ‘mini-iPad’ to compete with Amazon’s ‘Kindle’ and Google’s ‘Nexus’ products. The mini-iPad carries a much lower price point than is typical with Apple’s product line. Facebook Inc., announced that over 1 billion people, or approximately 14% of the world’s population now log onto Facebook each month, with 81% of them living outside of the US and Canada. Facebook shares, currently at $21.25, have yet to recover to their IPO price of $38 per share. Finally, the US Postal Service hit its borrowing limit of $15 billion in September and awaits congress reconvening in January to bail it out! No doubt stamp prices will rise, further depressing demand, and encouraging electronic mail!  

INTERNATIONAL MIXED RESULTS  

The Chinese economy slowed for the seventh consecutive quarter with growth of only 7.4%, below the government’s target, and the minimum rate of 8% purportedly required to maintain stable employment for its population. The Chinese yuan rose beyond 6.28 to the US dollar for the first time in 19 years, which will weaken the export led recovery the Chinese government is hoping for, just as the government offered $398 million in loan subsidies to importers for the purchase of advanced technological equipment, raw materials and other components. The government also raised its planned railway investment for the third time this year to 630 billion yuan ($100.1 billion) in an attempt to support its slowing economy. At the same time reports say ‘dirty money’ cost China $3.8 trillion over the past decade as corruption, crime and tax evasion accelerates, robbing the government of tax revenues and potential investment funds. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has plans to open a further 100 stores in China over the next three years to add to the existing 370 stores and over 100,000 employees there already.   Hong Kong was named the world’s top financial centre for the second year running by the World Economic Forum, ranking ahead of the USA, Britain and Singapore, thanks to the strength of its business environment, infrastructure and a favourable tax regime. Meanwhile, trading on India’s National Stock Exchange was disrupted by $125 million in erroneous algorithmic trading orders, triggering a 900 point drop in the market, and raising questions of the danger of a major “Flash Crash” occurring in that market.  The Eurozone unemployment rate jumped to a fresh high of 18.49 million people or 11.6% of the working-age population, with Spain showing rates of 25.8% unemployment and Austria only 4.4%. In Spain and Greece, over 50% of the workforce under the age of 25 has no job. These statistics are not good for the future social order in Europe!   Despite his record unpopularity as president, Nicolas Sarkozy recently announced he had ‘no choice’ but to seek re-election to the French presidency in 2017,  ‘...given the disastrous shape France is likely to be in five years from now’! Of course! He had nothing to do with the state it is presently in!  Britain’s economy emerged from a nine-month recession in the third quarter, due mainly to a bump in spending and tourism due to the 2012 Summer Olympics, and this may mean that 2012 growth in the UK will remain slightly positive. 





Posted by



CornerstoneAdmin




at

07:00





No comments:
    











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

















Older Posts

Home




Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












“Cornerstone Capital Management LLC” and “Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC”











(212) 938-6500
|
inquiries@cornerstonecapital.com











Cornerstone Capital Partners |



































Skip to content




























 






Cornerstone Capital Partners

Significant market volatility fuelled by increased geopolitical and
 economic instability makes for a difficult trading environment. Increasingly
 there is a need for non-correlated, structured off-market assets that hold the
 promise for a higher level of return. At Cornerstone Capital Partners, our 
mission is to connect the global investor with rigorously researched and 
transparent opportunities. 









Cornerstone Capital Partners

Significant market volatility fuelled by increased geopolitical and
 economic instability makes for a difficult trading environment. Increasingly
 there is a need for non-correlated, structured off-market assets that hold the
 promise for a higher level of return. At Cornerstone Capital Partners, our 
mission is to connect the global investor with rigorously researched and 
transparent opportunities. 









Cornerstone Capital Partners

Significant market volatility fuelled by increased geopolitical and
 economic instability makes for a difficult trading environment. Increasingly
 there is a need for non-correlated, structured off-market assets that hold the
 promise for a higher level of return. At Cornerstone Capital Partners, our 
mission is to connect the global investor with rigorously researched and 
transparent opportunities. 









Cornerstone Capital Partners

Significant market volatility fuelled by increased geopolitical and
 economic instability makes for a difficult trading environment. Increasingly
 there is a need for non-correlated, structured off-market assets that hold the
 promise for a higher level of return. At Cornerstone Capital Partners, our 
mission is to connect the global investor with rigorously researched and 
transparent opportunities. 









Cornerstone Capital Partners

Significant market volatility fuelled by increased geopolitical and
 economic instability makes for a difficult trading environment. Increasingly
 there is a need for non-correlated, structured off-market assets that hold the
 promise for a higher level of return. At Cornerstone Capital Partners, our 
mission is to connect the global investor with rigorously researched and 
transparent opportunities. 


 






Welcome to Cornerstone Capital Partners





















Cornerstone Capital Partners has been incorporated in 2009. The company was founded by experienced finance professionals with our senior management having nearly 50 years of collective experience in the financial services, investment and real estate sectors. We have two main departments:
Private
We add a wealth of benefits to qualified investors by providing access to our exclusive research and structured off market opportunities. The department is structured into 3 main divisions:

Research
Real Estate Consultancy
Structured Projects

Corporate
Our Corporate Clients and project owners are able to access our experience and expertise for assistance in:

Commercial Advisory
Auditing and Compliance Review
Project Structuring
Investor Relations
















How we work











1. Asset sourcing
		

We are constantly in touch with the leading developers, project owners and other investment companies in order for us to bring the best deals to our clients. 










2. Due Diligence
		

Years of industry knowledge enable us to know exactly how and where to look for the perfect transaction.










3. Superior Returns
		

By employing a carefully crafted asset selection strategy our clients can achieve above markets rate of return.






















Private Clients








Find out more




















Corporate Clients









Find out more















Contact Us




78-80 St John Street
London
EC1M 4EG
Tel: +44 (0) 207 118 4223
Email: info@cornerstone-cp.com

 


 





























































 


















Wealth Management



























95 Wellington Street West Suite 920; PO Box 36 Toronto | Ontario | M5J 2N7 ph:  416.597.1234 Fx:  416.366.2121



About UsManagementJames T. KiernanJennifer Vuong HeimsOur EdgeVisionReachOfferingsServicesWealth ManagementCorporate FinancingCredentialsSuccessful ProjectsContact Us











 

Wealth Management









We approach wealth management with the grounded belief that effective investment strategy is the solution to long-term wealth accumulation and preservation.  Investment strategies that worked for the last generation would be inefficient today.  Volatility is prevalent, we live in a world where entire industries rise and fall in the space of a decade.  Buy and hold strategy no longer address this volatility.  We believe investing globally, being nimble, and possessing the resources and technology that allow you to be fluent, reactive and efficient are ideal way the best grow and protect your wealth.
Our investment professionals manage money for private individuals, family offices, for institutions such as non-profit groups and pension funds. We focus on the investment process, not products, which allows for an extremely high level of personalized counsel and performance management to be consistently and routinely delivered, while ensuring compliance, control, and third party custodial services.
Cornerstone combines the expertise of its senior personnel with the aim of delivering consistent, risk-adjusted returns, while maintaining low volatility and exhibiting a low correlation to financial asset classes. As we believe there is no single winning investment in this ever-changing market, Cornerstone has created and implemented a disciplined investment process, incorporating robust risk and liquidity management guidelines, in an effort to produce absolute returns.
Cornerstone also offers a suite of portfolios designed to optimize sector exposure to the Canadian equity market for international investors. 

 















Copyright © 2013 Cornerstone Capital Partners L.P.  Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Legal Disclaimers
 




Site Design by Ender Design Inc.







 









Services




























95 Wellington Street West Suite 920; PO Box 36 Toronto | Ontario | M5J 2N7 ph:  416.597.1234 Fx:  416.366.2121



About UsManagementJames T. KiernanJennifer Vuong HeimsOur EdgeVisionReachOfferingsServicesWealth ManagementCorporate FinancingCredentialsSuccessful ProjectsContact Us











 

Services









We work closely with our clients to tailor investment strategies and competitive investment vehicles that best suit their needs and objectives.  Through our network of affiliates, joint venture relationships and extensive business contacts, we provide the products and services expected of a high-end Wealth Management Firm and gain access to offerings that set us apart from our competitors.

Wealth Management
Corporate Finance

 



 
















Copyright © 2013 Cornerstone Capital Partners L.P.  Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Legal Disclaimers
 




Site Design by Ender Design Inc.







 









Reach






























95 Wellington Street West Suite 920; PO Box 36 Toronto | Ontario | M5J 2N7 ph:  416.597.1234 Fx:  416.366.2121



About UsManagementJames T. KiernanJennifer Vuong HeimsOur EdgeVisionReachOfferingsServicesWealth ManagementCorporate FinancingCredentialsSuccessful ProjectsContact Us











 

Reach









Global Reach
Cornerstone Capital Partners Inc., N.A.’s provides us a global perspective.  Our global reach allows us to create  alternatives that fill the void created by financial market turmoil.
Cornerstone’s Strategic Investment Committee shares expertise in the US markets, Canada and around the world. These alliances give us the global perspective, and allow us to act timely, efficiently and positively to the ever changing markets around the world.  The research  provided from our alliances, along with our own research, guide the Committee in overweight or underweight our investment models to help ensure our clients have the best opportunity to succeed regardless of the local economic conditions.


« Vision 

Our Edge 

Offerings » 





 
















Copyright © 2013 Cornerstone Capital Partners L.P.  Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Legal Disclaimers
 




Site Design by Ender Design Inc.







 









Vision





























95 Wellington Street West Suite 920; PO Box 36 Toronto | Ontario | M5J 2N7 ph:  416.597.1234 Fx:  416.366.2121



About UsManagementJames T. KiernanJennifer Vuong HeimsOur EdgeVisionReachOfferingsServicesWealth ManagementCorporate FinancingCredentialsSuccessful ProjectsContact Us











 

Vision









Visionary Leadership
Collectively, the Managing Directors have over 100 years of tenure across the broader financial services industry and provide our group with a competitive advantage by leveraging their varied and complimentary backgrounds to maximize the effectiveness, efficiency and overall performance of our investment process.
Cornerstone’s senior management created the Strategic Investment Committee that actively focused on determining the direction Investment choices of the firm.  The Committee embraces the development and accessibility of sophisticated products and client solutions.  It’s ultimate goal is to promote and develop a premier brand in the private wealth management business by capitalizing on strong and visionary leadership, state of the art technology, and highly talented and experienced advisors. 


« Research 

Our Edge 

Reach » 




 
















Copyright © 2013 Cornerstone Capital Partners L.P.  Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Legal Disclaimers
 




Site Design by Ender Design Inc.







 









Cornerstone Capital Partners L.P.































95 Wellington Street West Suite 920; PO Box 36 Toronto | Ontario | M5J 2N7 ph:  416.597.1234 Fx:  416.366.2121



About UsManagementJames T. KiernanJennifer Vuong HeimsOur EdgeVisionReachOfferingsServicesWealth ManagementCorporate FinancingCredentialsSuccessful ProjectsContact Us













 
 
 

 

Cornerstone Canada
















Vision
Our knowledge, perspective and the ability to respond to the ever changing world is the cornerstone of Cornerstone Capital Partners Inc., N.A. 

Learn More...




Reach
Cornerstone’s Strategic Investment Committee shares expertise in the U.S., Canada, and markets around the world. We have affiliated operations in Toronto, Canada, Argentina, Brazil, and Chile and joint venture partners worldwide.

Learn More...




Integrity
We are dedicated to helping our clients achieving their financial goals utilizing our extensive working knowledge across the broader financial services industry, both robust and challenging economic events and cycles.  

Learn More...
















Cornerstone Capital Partners L.P. is an independent Canadian Investment Banking and Asset Management firm. We bring years of global experience to provide professional Wealth Management and Corporate Finance services to our clients. Cornerstone combines knowledge, solutions and access to Global capital. 
Our knowledge, perspective and the ability to respond to the ever changing world is the cornerstone of Cornerstone Capital Partners, L.P.  We are dedicated to helping our clients achieving their financial goals.










Copyright © 2013 Cornerstone Capital Partners L.P.  Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Legal Disclaimers
 




Site Design by Ender Design Inc.







 









Legal Disclaimers



























95 Wellington Street West Suite 920; PO Box 36 Toronto | Ontario | M5J 2N7 ph:  416.597.1234 Fx:  416.366.2121



About UsManagementJames T. KiernanJennifer Vuong HeimsOur EdgeVisionReachOfferingsServicesWealth ManagementCorporate FinancingCredentialsSuccessful ProjectsContact Us











 

Legal Disclaimers









The information in this Internet site (the "Site") is intended for distribution to use by persons in the U.S. only.  By connecting to and using this Site, you are acknowledging that you are 18 years old or older and you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions set forth on this page.
The information and any opinion expressed in the Site do not constitute an offer by Cornerstone Capital Partners Inc., N.A. to buy or sell any securities or financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.  The information in the Site is descriptive of the operations of Cornerstone Capital Partners Inc., N.A. as a whole and the services, securities and financial instruments described may not be available to or suitable for you. Not all strategies are appropriate at all times. The opinions expressed in the Site do not constitute investment advice. Independent advice should be sought in cases of doubt.  The services, investments or mutual funds are available, and prospectuses will not be distributed, to persons resident in any state or territory where such distribution would be contrary to local law or regulation. Deposits will only be taken by members of the Cornerstone Capital Partner Inc., N.A. are authorized to do so and will not be taken from investors where this would infringe applicable local laws or regulations in that investor's jurisdiction.
The value and income of any of the securities or financial instruments can fall as well as rise and an investor may get back less than he invested. Foreign-currency denominated securities and financial instruments are subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that could have a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such securities and financial instruments. Past performance is not necessarily an indication to future performance.
The investment services and products may often have tax consequences; therefore, it is important to bear in mind that Cornerstone Capital Partners Inc., N.A. does not provide tax advice. The taxation is complex and changes often. Investors' tax implications are their own responsibility and investors should consult their own attorneys and or other tax advisors to fully understand the tax consequences of any products and services mentioned in the Site.
Cornerstone Capital Partners Inc., N.A. may at any time be long or short any securities or financial instruments mentioned in the Site, or have provided advice or services in relation to such securities or financial instruments.
The content of this Site is the property of Cornerstone Capital Partners Inc., N.A. or its licensors and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Content received through this Site may be displayed and printed for your personal, non-commercial use only. You agree not to reproduce, retransmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast or circulate the content received through this Site to anyone, including but not limited to others in the same company or organization, without the express prior written consent of Cornerstone Capital Partners Inc., N.A.; with this one exception: You may, on an occasional and irregular basis, disseminate an insubstantial portion of content from this Site, for a noncommercial purpose, without charge, and transmitted in non-electronic form, to a limited number of individuals, provided you include all copyright and other proprietary rights notices with such portion of the content in the same form in which the notices appear in this Site, original source attribution, and the phrase "Used with permission from Cornerstone Capital Partners Inc., N.A." You may not post any content from this Site to newsgroups, mail lists or electronic bulletin boards, without the prior written consent of Cornerstone Capital Partners Inc., N.A.
THIS SITE INCLUDES FACTS, VIEWS, OPINIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF INDIVIDUALS AND ORGANIZATIONS DEEMED OF INTEREST. CORNERSTONE CAPITAL PARTNERS INC., N.A. AND ITS CONTENT LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF, OR OTHERWISE ENDORSE, THESE VIEWS, OPINIONS OR RECOMMENDATIONS. NEITHER CORNERSTONE CAPITAL PARTNERS INC., N.A., NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY LOSS OR INJURY, OTHER THAN DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING DIRECTLY FROM THE USE 

 







Privacy Policy



Our clients are important to us.  Your information is protected and held in confidence.








Terms of Use



What this site means and its limitations.








Anti-Money Laundering









Business Continuity Plan









Form ADV

















Copyright © 2013 Cornerstone Capital Partners L.P.  Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Legal Disclaimers
 




Site Design by Ender Design Inc.







 









Contact Us






























95 Wellington Street West Suite 920; PO Box 36 Toronto | Ontario | M5J 2N7 ph:  416.597.1234 Fx:  416.366.2121



About UsManagementJames T. KiernanJennifer Vuong HeimsOur EdgeVisionReachOfferingsServicesWealth ManagementCorporate FinancingCredentialsSuccessful ProjectsContact Us











 

Contact Us









95 Wellington Street West Suite 920; PO Box 36 Toronto | Ontario | M5J 2N7 ph:  416.597.1234 Fx:  416.366.2121


Get Directions To:

 95 Wellington Street WestToronto, ON M5J 2N7




Starting From:


Street



City



State



Zip













 


















Copyright © 2013 Cornerstone Capital Partners L.P.  Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Legal Disclaimers
 




Site Design by Ender Design Inc.







 











Jerry R. Donatelli | Cornerstone Capital Partners

















































 























You are here: Home | Jerry R. Donatelli 

















Jerry R. Donatelli


Founding Partner
Since founding Cornerstone Capital Partners in 1990, Jerry has directed the investment in twelve (12) portfolio companies with a total enterprise value of almost $400 million. Prior to founding Cornerstone Capital Partners, he was the President and founder of a privately held real estate investment and management company. In this capacity, he directed the acquisition and sale of a real estate portfolio in excess of $250 million, along with the management of over 50 properties. Previously, Mr. Donatelli was Executive Vice President of a corporate mergers and acquisition firm, in which he participated in acquisitions and divestitures of Fortune 100 divisions and subsidiaries. Mr. Donatelli was also formerly with Exxon International Company where he held various engineering and financial positions.
He is currently a director of Camino Modular Systems and Eastern Vault.
Jerry holds an MBA from Adelphi University, graduated Cum Laude with a Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering from the City College of the City University of New York and served in the U. S. Naval Air Reserve as an instructor and member of a flight team, in which he received a Letter of Commendation.
Email Jerry
Download Jerry’s vCard





















 



Norman Silberdick | Cornerstone Capital Partners

















































 























You are here: Home | Norman Silberdick 

















Norman Silberdick


Partner
Since 1996, Norm has participated in eight (8) of Cornerstone Capital Partners’ acquisitions representing $200 million of total enterprise value. Prior to joining Cornerstone on a full-time basis in 2000, Mr. Silberdick was a partner with Aspen International Group, a mergers and acquisitions boutique, where he acted as an intermediary in ten (10) transactions representing over $300 million of transaction value. Previously, Norm’s was Chairman, President and CEO of Corcap, Inc. and CompuDyne Corporation, two public firms engaged in defense electronics, telecommunications products and home improvement services where he sold several business units, with a transaction value of $50 million. Norm’s prior activities also include Assistant Professor of Management in the University of New Hampshire System, and executive positions at the Sun Chemical Corporation and the Singer Company.
Norm has over 35 years experience in operations, turnarounds and merger and acquisitions. He has completed numerous transactions in various industries including metal fabrication, industrial distribution, paper, cardboard and box manufacturing, textiles, printing, chemicals, wood working, trucking and professional services.
He holds an MBA in Finance from the City University of New York and a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from NYU.
Email Norman
Download Norman’s vCard





















 



Aarrowcast Inc | Cornerstone Capital Partners

















































 























You are here: Home | Aarrowcast, Inc. 

















Aarrowcast, Inc.


Cornerstone Capital Partners and another private equity fund acquired Aarrowcast, Inc. in July of 2010. Located in Shawano, Wisconsin, Aarrowcast utilizes sophisticated metallurgy to provide high-quality gray, ductile, and austempered ductile iron castings to customers located throughout North America. Aarrowcast has a significant competitive advantage providing large, complex parts using the largest automated green sand flask in North America (also one of the eight largest in the world) to customers in end markets including agriculture, military, off-highway trucking, construction and energy. Aarrowcast was sold to a Financial Sponsor in August 2012.






















 



Eastern Vault















































 























You are here: Home | Eastern Vault 

















Eastern Vault


Cornerstone acquired Eastern Vault Company, Inc. in 2015. Established in 1970 in Princeton, West Virginia, Eastern Vault  is a leading manufacturer of highly engineered, precast, prestressed and concrete block products. More specifically, the Company’s broad portfolio of concrete products encompasses highly-engineered prestressed concrete beams used in bridge construction and precast manholes, box culverts, vaults, open topped drains and various other precast products for all types of construction, utility and other “mission critical” projects.






















 



Cornerstone Capital Partners | A Private Equity Firm














































 




















 








 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 








   Welcome to Cornerstone Capital Partners
Investing in companies with the potential for profitable growth   


















 



Company News
















































 























You are here: Home | News 


















26
Jan 2016

January 26, 2016




Cornerstone Capital Partners, Inc. is pleased to announce the sale of RAD Technologies.





January 26, 2016 0 Comment




Cornerstone Capital Partners, Inc. is pleased to announce that RAD Technologies was sold to a strategic buyer. read more →

 






14
Jul 2015

July 14, 2015




Cornerstone Capital Partners, Inc. and PNC Mezzanine have acquired Eastern Vault Company.





July 14, 2015 0 Comment




Cornerstone Capital Partners, Inc. and PNC Mezzanine have acquired Eastern Vault Company, Inc, a leading manufacturer of highly engineered, precast, prestressed and concrete block products. [Learn More…] read more →

 






26
Feb 2015

February 26, 2015




Cornerstone  Capital Partners, Inc. is pleased to announce the sale of the  ATIS Group.





February 26, 2015 0 Comment




Cornerstone Capital Partners, Inc. is pleased to announce that the ATIS Group was sold to an institutional investor. read more →

 






10
Jul 2012

July 10, 2012




Aarrowcast has been sold to a financial sponsor.





July 10, 2012 0 Comment




July 10, 2012 – Cornerstone Capital Partners, Inc. is pleased to announce that Aarrowcast has been sold to a financial sponsor. read more →

 






02
May 2012

May 2, 2012




Camino Modular Systems Inc. acquired.





May 2, 2012 0 Comment




May 2, 2012 – Cornerstone Capital Partners, Inc. and RFE Investment Partners have acquired Toronto based Camino Modular Systems Inc., a leading manufacturer and distributor of access flooring, modular wiring, and air delivery products. read more →

 




1
2
→


  Latest News 

Cornerstone Capital Partners, Inc. is pleased to announce the sale of RAD Technologies.


Cornerstone Capital Partners, Inc. and PNC Mezzanine have acquired Eastern Vault Company.


Cornerstone  Capital Partners, Inc. is pleased to announce the sale of the  ATIS Group.


Aarrowcast has been sold to a financial sponsor.


Camino Modular Systems Inc. acquired.


 Archives 
January 2016
July 2015
February 2015
July 2012
May 2012
July 2010





















   Cornerstone Capital Partners    

 
 
                           App StoreWhat We DoWho We AreMaintained AvailabilityProject FinanceDocumention RequiredBusinsess Plan GuideInvestor OpportunitiesOnline QuestionnaireContact UsDisclaimer This template doesn't support hiding the navigation bar.  App StoreWhat We DoWho We AreMaintained AvailabilityProject FinanceDocumention RequiredBusinsess Plan GuideInvestor OpportunitiesOnline QuestionnaireContact UsDisclaimer  What We DoFinance for the Greentech Industry “ The impossible is often the untried” We place finance through a worldwide suite of investors and where required enhance the project placement by the use of insurance products through our insurance broker based in London. Our primary focus is in the biomass and clean-tech industries. Our management team have over 130 years of combined experience in working within the renewable energy markets. They have represented, developed, leased and funded Technology and developed projects. They have also developed a specialised performance related insurance product that is geared towards mitigating process risk and protecting investors required revenues (DSCR). Our clients benefit from the direct involvement and attention of our team with their extensive knowledge in providing professional advice and assistance in strategic financing. We work to ensure our clients can rely on our capabilities, expertise and commitment to building long term relationships.         Who We Are David HullahBA(Hons), Business StudiesFinance Director David is responsible for the group’s project finance activities including sourcing. He has worked in the City of London for over 25 years mostly in the Project Finance and ECA arenas. David spent his formative years at West LB; Sakura, DZ Bank, Standard and Poors’ and BNP Paribas.Roger WillmottDirector of Project and Risk Evaluation Roger has been associated with projects for over 30 years, from project developer to assisting in raising funds for project development. His understanding of the issues between investors and developers are in bedded in the due-diligence procedures and our unique insurance product known as Maintained Availability.Theodore AlexiouProject Evaluation - GreeceWith over 25 years in international commerce, Theo's experience, depth of knowledge in understanding the relationship between a project developer and the requirements of the investor enables us to provide a local service with international reach within Greece.Darren Mc Keever. DipPfs Director for Investor Relations - Europe Darren has been involved in the Financial services Industry for the last 18 years. His areas of expertise are investments and tax planning.Experienced in dealing with Individuals and Commercial investors.Darragh Gallagher  DipFA CeFA CeMAP CeRER Director for Investor Relations - Middle East Darragh is a UK qualified advanced financial adviser (DipFA, CeFA) and a UK qualified advanced mortgage adviser (CeMAP & CeRER).With several financial services qualifications under his belt, Darragh is actively studying towards the investment management certificate IMC, part of the chartered financial analyst (CFA) society.Eamonn Corrigan: BA (Hons), ACMA, CGMAProject Evaluation and Accountancy With over 30 years in accountancy, Eamonn brings a wide range of knowledge and disciplines to the team and our Clients Investment requirements.  Maintained AvailabilityWhat is Maintained Availability? Maintained Availability is a unique and proprietary method of providing Risk Based Insurance that provides a level of finance against risk to a projects' senior debt, should the technology, process, operation and maintenance fail to provide an agreed level of revenue to senior debt in accordance to your approved business plan- due to under-performance (A non catastrophic event). Our ApproachIn co-operation with an independent consultant we carry out a high-level review of the proposed plant, project conceptual design and philosophy with respect to in-service availability targets. Following an initial meeting with our client and the consultant and acceptance of the due-diligence to be carried out, they carry out a high-level risk ranking exercise to identify the areas of potential risk to plant availability. How does it Work?As the name suggest it is a sum of money provided by Insurance that protects the debt service, due to the senior debt providers caused by a reduction in revenue by the process not achieving its guaranteed level that the lender has accepted. Cover is normally for the duration of the debt, but not exceeding 10 years.    Frequently Asked Questions Q1: What is Maintained Availability? Maintained Availability is a unique and proprietary method of providing Risk Based Insurance that provides a level of finance against risk to a projects' senior debt, should the technology, process, operation and maintenance fail to provide an agreed level of revenue to senior debt in accordance to your approved business plan - due to under-performance(A non catastrophic event).  Q2: Why is it different from Efficacy Insurance?Efficacy Insurance is normally provided at the start of a project to protect the investment against a catastrophic event during build and commissioning. Once completed this type of insurance normally ends. Maintained Availability continues after commissioning- when some types of cover is terminated or in the case of an EPC turnkey where a technology performance wrap ( rarely provided) has signed off against any risk that they may have been covered against the technology performance during their contract. Q3: When can I start the process ?Preferably due-diligence should start at pre-build or even at design stage, working alongside the technology provider, the EPC contractor and the Operations and Maintenance contractor should one be required. and be in place (subject to the due-diligence) when your project starts. It might be extended, to provide cover after this period, but will be subject to further due-diligence and may be subject to a minimum period of time that the process has operated. Q4: What is Maintained Availability?As the name suggest it is a sum of money provided by Insurance, that protects the debt service due to the senior debt providers, due to a reduction in revenue cause by the process not achieving its guaranteed level that the funders have accepted. Cover is normally for the duration of the debt, but not exceeding 10 years. Q5: As a Technology Provider how does Maintained Availability help me?It provides indirect additional support to your balance sheet, where project developers or investors seek to secure the investment risk. It can reduce time that you would have to commit in having a due-diligence review carried out, insomuch that, the report could be used again providing that the technology need is the same and then subject to feedstocks, EPC and O&M contractors. Q6: Who carries out the due-diligence?Due-diligence is carried by Cornerstone Capital and Investments Ltd in for Clients in Europe and Asia and by CHP Ventures, Inc. for the Americas, Caribbean. Our terms and condition's can be found here. Third parties are used to carry out process due-diligence through authorized companies that have been agreed by our underwriters and insurers.    Complete M.A questionnaire on-lineDownload Printable copy of the Questionnaire HERE Download Guide to Design Based Plant Availability HEREDownload Guide to Front End Engineering and Design HEREFor more information, due-diligence criteria please contact us. Project FinanceWe specialise in projects within the renewable energy market such as, Wind, Solar and Biomass. Our team can help you create a professional business plan and help develop your project from concept to funding. Putting the parts of your project jigsaw in the right order is key to you achieving the highest possible interest from investors including the concepts embedded in the ‘Triple Bottom Line’ concept; where truly sustainable projects must be Economically, Socially and Environmentally achievable.Check out our online guides for your business plan and project documentation.  Email your details      Documentation RequiredDocumentation required when presenting your Business PlanWe first require an executive summary, and then if of interest we will request a full business plan.The list below is provided as a guide only of what supporting documentation is required. Additional information may be sought subject to the size of the capital requirement and security offered.Executive summary to include:Project name and domicileProject description including current timescaleReasons for funding requestDetails of funding to dateRelevant management experienceLand lease details, if applicableEnvironmental approvals, if applicableAny support letters (Local Government etc.)Preferred Investor exit strategy. 2 Business Plan to include:Project / technology feasibility report, If availableManagement Structure, including on-going Operation and Maintenance program for projectEPC contractor LOI including their Guaranteed Maximum PriceCashflow (Pro-forma) analysisCollateral -  If anyGuarantor(s) -  If anyDescription of Technology and criteria used for its selectionInterconnections Study, if applicableDetails of any compulsory technology requirements ie: certain manufactures for sub-systemsDetails of Technology Performance Guarantees, if applicableDetails of secured feedstock contracts, or LOI’sDetails of secured offtake contracts or LOI’sIf an established company, audited balance sheet and profit and loss statements for the past three years. If a new company a statement of conditionMemorandum and Articles of Incorporation.Full CVs of associated/participating companiesSite location plan, site layout plan, photographs of the property / siteComments on Planning consents, Environmental permits and any other consents/permits/approvals requiredCopies of any support letters from local government etc.Proposed Financial Plan and proposed terms.Print a copy of this list Your Business PlanIf you would like help in creating your business plan, contact us now. We are here to help your business reach the highest level of funding. A Guide to you Business PlanKey Business Plan ComponentsEvery complete, informative business plan should contain the same overall sections.Executive SummaryA summary of your business plan's contents, including a brief explanation of what your business is, and what your objectives are (including your purpose for any financing if the business plan is being used to entice investors.)Business DescriptionExplain what your company does, who your customers are, how your business stands apart from the competition, and why your products or services differ from the rest.Market AnalysisPresent research and sources regarding details pertaining to your business role in its industry, along with information regarding its market and competition.Structure & StaffChart your business' structure -- who fills what role in your management and administration. Detail why this is the optimum organization for your business.Sales & MarketingDetail how you plan to make your market aware of your business -- and what you will do to grow that market. Also provide information on how you plan to convince your market to buy from you rather than the competition.Products or ServicesExplain what service you provide or the products you sell. Include information regarding what sets it apart from its market competition.Petition for FundingIf your business plan is being used to pursue receipt of financial assistance, be it from government funding sources, commercial lenders, or private investors, you must provide the tailored information the potential funder requires.Financial ProjectionsSupport your expectations of your business' future success by using hard data relevant to your industry and type of business to predict your profits over the next (three or) five years.AppendicesThis is where key personnel CVs or resumes, details regarding required licenses and permits, and additional information and supporting documents should be placed.  Investor Opportunities
Are you looking to invest directly into a project, technology or a developing concept at early stage? We have access to pre-vetted and exclusive start-ups and commercial opportunities. Contact us for more information.  Contact Us  Registered Office 1 Main Street, Rosscolban, Kesh, Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, BT93 1TF44 (0) 208 133 955444 (0) 208 133 9554mail@CornerstoneCapitalPartners.netNameEmail Message  Submit Comment  DisclaimerThe information contained on this website does not constitute investment advice or an offer or a solicitation of interest in respect of the acquisition or sale of any securities in any jurisdiction nor should it be relied on as such. To summarize, we do not provide provide investment advise, nor do we make any claims or promises that any information within the site will lead to a profit, loss or any other result. We place finance, as a broker, through a worldwide suite of investors and where required enhance the project placement by the use of insurance products through our insurance broker based in London. Our primary focus is in the biomass, renewables and clean-tech industries.All information on this site is believed to have been accurate at the time it was written but may be subject to change without notice. No partner, employee, director or other officer of Cornerstone Capital and Investments Ltd, or any of its affiliates (whether individually or collectively) makes any representation as to the continuing accuracy of this site.You may leave this site when you access certain external links via these pages. Cornerstone Capital and Investments Ltd have not examined any of these sites and does not assume any responsibility for the contents of these sites, nor for the services or products offered through them, and is not liable for any damages or injuries arising from the content of these other sites. Cornerstone Capital and Investments Ltd does not guarantee that any material on this site or any other site accessed via this site will be free from infection, viruses, worms and/or other code that has contaminating or destructive properties.This site may be accessible to third parties over the internet, or otherwise. Cornerstone Capital and Investments do not make any representation with respect to the privacy of communications made on or through the site. The web site is administered by or on behalf of Cornerstone Capital and Investments Ltd. If you provide personal information to us through this site, you consent to its processing and to its use for purposes which may include its transfer outside the EU.All copyrights are upheld. This site, its access and use, is governed by English law.    © Cornerstone Capital and Investments Ltd 2014- 2017Registered in the United Kingdom, No: NI617958                   
