


Welcome to JGA / Beacon Corporation






 


About JGA-Beacon, Inc. 



JGA-Beacon, Inc. has been building a reputation as the premier supplier of exterior building products since 1977. Founded as JGA Corp by John G. “Jimmy” Alston, the firm had its beginning when Alston purchased the remains of John McDaniel Wholesale from the bank. The John McDaniel company began as a hardware wholesaler and morphed into a wholesaler of residential and commercial building products. In December of 2004, JGA was acquired by Beacon Roofing Supply, North America's largest publicly traded roofing distributor.

      Today JGA serves all of Alabama, Florida, Georgia and Mississippi from locations in Atlanta, Birmingham, Florala, Hattiesburg, Jacksonville, Macon, Mobile, Montgomery, Peachtree City, Pearl, Savannah, Smyrna, Suwanee, Tallahassee and Tifton. 






About JGA-Beacon, Inc. |
Locations | 

Operating Divisions | 

Contact Us














	John Deere US | Products & Services Information






















































Back

 Equipment 
 Finance 
 Parts & Service 
 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 











 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 


 Lawn & Garden 
 Agriculture 
 Construction 
 Landscaping & Grounds Care 
 Golf & Sports Turf 
 Forestry 
 Engines & Drivetrains 
 Government & Military Sales 
 Rental Sales 

 View All Equipment 
 View Used Equipment 


 Financing 
 Offers & Discounts 


 Parts 
 Manuals & Training 
 Warranty & Protection Plans 
 StellarSupport™ 
 Recalls 
 Safety 



Lawn & Garden



MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Riding Mower Attachments & Accessories 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 


TRACTORS
 Compact Utility Tractors (22.4 - 66 Engine HP) 
 Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS
 Home & Workshop Products 





Agriculture



TRACTORS & LOADERS
 4WD and Track Tractors (370-620 Engine HP) 
 Row Crop Tractors (140-400 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 
 Front End Loaders 
 Scraper Systems 


TOOLS & USED EQUIPMENT
 Loaders 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Used Equipment 


CROP CARE
 Application Equipment 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Harvesting Equipment 
 Hay & Forage Equipment 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Sprayers 
 Tillage Equipment 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Construction



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Motor Graders 
 Scraper Systems 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Technology Solutions 
 Construction Attachments 
 Used Construction Equipment 





Landscaping & Grounds Care



MOWERS & TRACTORS
 Commercial Mowers 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS & ATTACHMENTS
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Attachments & Implements 


WORKSITE EQUIPMENT
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Skid Steers 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Worksite Equipment Attachments 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Golf & Sports Turf



GOLF COURSE EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Bunker Rakes 
 Fairway Mowers 
 Riding Greens Mowers 
 Rough, Trim & Surround Mowers 
 Walk Greens Mowers 


SPORTS TURF EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Field Rakes 
 Reel Mowers 


ALL PURPOSE EQUIPMENT
 Commercial Mowers 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors Attachments & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 





Forestry



 Tracked Feller Bunchers 
 Wheeled Feller Bunchers 
 Forwarders 
 Wheeled Harvesters 
 Tracked Harvesters 
 Knuckleboom Loaders 
 Skidders 
 Swing Machines 
 Forestry Technology Solutions 
 Forestry Attachments 
 Used Forestry Equipment 





Engines & Drivetrains



INDUSTRIAL DIESEL ENGINES
 Final Tier 4 / Stage IV 
 Interim Tier 4 / Stage III 
 Tier 3/Stage III 
 Tier 2 and Lesser Regulated 


MARINE ENGINES
 Commercial/Workboat 
 Recreational/Pleasure Craft 


GENERATOR DRIVE ENGINES
 Standby/Stationary 
 Prime/Portable 


DRIVETRAIN EQUIPMENT
 Pump Drives 
 Transmissions 
 Axles 
 Planetary Gear Drives 
 Vehicle Electrification 





Government & Military Sales



TRACTORS & MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Commercial Mowers 


CONSTRUCTION
 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Dozers 
 Skid Steers 
 Motor Graders 
 Wheel Loaders 


UTILITY VEHICLES & ACCESSORIES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 


ATTACHMENTS & ACCESSORIES
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 


PURCHASING
 State & Local 
 Cooperative 
 Non-Governmental Organizations 
 Federal & Military 





Rental Sales



 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Motor Graders 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Utility Tractors (22.4 – 140 Engine HP) 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Attachments 





View All Equipment



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Application Equipment 
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Backhoes 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Dozers 
 Engines 
 Excavators 
 Forwarders 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Hay & Forage 
 Harvesting 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Motor Graders 
 Mowers 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Scraper Systems 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Skidders 
 Sprayers 
 Swing Machines 
 Tillage 
 Tractors 





View Used Equipment







Financing



 Account Management 
 Application 
 Equipment Loans 
 Equipment Leasing 
 Multi-Use Account 
 Revolving Plan Account 
 PowerPlan Account 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 Contact John Deere Financial 





Offers & Discounts





Parts



 Agricultural Parts 
 Lawn & Garden Parts 
 Commercial Mowing Parts 
 Golf & Sports Turf Parts 
 Engine Parts 
 Construction Parts 
 Remanufactured Parts & Components 
 All Makes Parts 
 Maintenance Parts 





Manuals & Training



 Quick Reference Guides 
 Training & Safety Videos 
 Simulators 





Warranty & Protection Plans



 Extended Warranties 
 Warranty Statements 
 Warranty Registration 
 Migrating Machine Policy 
 PowerGard™ Maintenance Plans 
 UltraGard™ Physical Damage 





StellarSupport™



 Product Activation 
 Software Updates 
 Training 
 Download Center 
 Tools & Calculators 
 Answer Center 
 AMS Forums 
 Contact Us 
 Dealer Corner 





Recalls





Safety







 






Providing for the Future, Together








Agriculture

Lawn & Garden

Construction

Landscaping & Grounds Care

Golf & Sports Turf

Forestry

Engines & Drivetrain

Government & Military Sales

Rental Sales








Deere Days of Summer Sales EventTake a closer look   



Quick Tools

Build Your Own
Locate a Dealer
Order Parts
Find Manuals
Find Used Equipment












The Silicon Prairie   Get the inside story on cutting edge tech down on the farm    


Imagery Comes Of Age   Read more in The Furrow    


Machine Health Monitoring   The data revolution is upon us    









                                    ... 








  








 





Johnson & Johnson Products | Johnson & Johnson


































































Our Stories



Latest News




Innovation




Caring & Giving




Personal Stories




Health & Wellness




Our Heritage





Our Company



About J&J

Our Credo
Our Leadership Team
Strategic Framework
Corporate Governance
Diversity & Inclusion
Empowering Women
Innovation at J&J
Office of the Chief Medical Officer
J&J Health and Wellness Solutions
Policies & Statements
Code of Business Conduct
Corporate Reports





Products

Consumer Products
Medical Devices
Pharmaceutical Products





Procurement

Value Pillars
Supplier Diversity





Careers

What We Do
How We Hire
Job Spotlight
Students
Innovation
Career Stories





Media Center




Investors

Corporate Governance
Quarterly Results
SEC Filings 
News Releases
Pharmaceutical Pipeline
2016 Health for Humanity Report
Stock Information
Webcasts & Presentations 
Actelion Public Tender Offer





Our Societal Impact

Global Community Impact
Global Public Health
Citizenship & Sustainability Reporting 







Follow Us



Facebook




Twitter




YouTube




LinkedIn























Products










Read the Story
 


Secrets of a Scent Scientist: 6 Unique Fragrances That Can Boost Your Mood









The Power of 3D Printing: How This Technology Is Blazing New Medical Frontiers










The Treatment That's Helping Transform the Lives of Patients With Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia










Skin-Flex™: The New BAND-AID® Brand Bandages That Stay on for 24 Hours


















Consumer Products
The Johnson & Johnson Family of Consumer Companies offers the world’s largest range of consumer healthcare products. Our baby care, skin care, oral care, wound care, over-the-counter and women’s health products feature brands trusted by consumers and healthcare professionals worldwide. By anticipating needs and creating solutions and experiences, we help people live healthy, vibrant lives.

Baby & Beauty Products
Health & Healing Products









Medical Devices 
Having made significant contributions to surgery for more than a century, the Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies are in the business of reaching more patients and restoring more lives. The group represents the most comprehensive surgical technology and specialty solutions business in the world, offering an unparalleled breadth of products, services, programs and research and development capabilities directed at advancing patient care while delivering clinical and economic value to health care systems worldwide.

Surgery
Orthopaedics, Cardiovascular Disease & Specialty









Pharmaceutical Products
The Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson address some of the most devastating and complex diseases faced in our time. With advanced biologic and other treatments, Janssen is investing in a transformative future, changing the way diseases are prevented, intercepted, treated and cured.

Immunology, Cardiovascular & Metabolic Disease, Pulmonary Hypertension
Infectious Diseases & Vaccines, Neuroscience, Oncology











More About Our Products





















Our Products



A 24-Hour Guide to Improving Your Allergy Symptoms


Read the Story





Product Coupons





Looking for coupons?  Join HEALTHY ESSENTIALS® for savings on products.
Sign Up Today







Our Voices












My 4-year-old daughter, Eliza, used to be afraid of wearing bandages. Then I showed her BAND-AID® Brand Star Wars bandages, and now she can’t get enough!

— Misty Rosas, Consumer Content Strategist 



 












With the platforms offered by the Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies, typically we can find a solution there to help with our challenge or issue.

— Chris Mangin, Corporate Director of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation/ Orthopedic Service Line Willis-Knighton Health System



 












We envision a world where cancer is a preventable or curable disease. To get there, we are focusing on transformational science that will allow patients to live longer and better lives.

— Peter Lebowitz, M.D., Ph.D., Global Therapeutic Area Head, Oncology, Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson



 












Each day we have the opportunity to delight our consumers with the products, solutions and experiences we create. It’s truly a privilege to work in a company that means so much to so many.

— Jorge Mesquita, Executive Vice President, Johnson & Johnson and Worldwide Chairman, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies



 












It is a privilege to work on JOHNSON’S ® Baby Care products. We work to earn the trust of parents every day, using the purest ingredients to create the safest and gentlest products for babies’ delicate skin.

— Sarita Finnie, Senior Director, JOHNSON’S® and DESITIN®, Consumer



 










More From Johnson & Johnson 






Latest News



What You Need to Know About Johnson & Johnson’s 2017 Second-Quarter Earnings









Our Heritage



Around the World With Johnson & Johnson: 6 Unbelievable Places Company Products Have Been









Innovation



How the Microbiome Could Transform Your Skin in Surprising Ways










































John G Roche Opticians   » Products
























































































Product Lines
Many of our designer lines are exclusive to John G. Roche Opticians, some for up to a hundred mile radius.  John and Francis make a conscious effort to only select the finest manufactured frames available.  This selection includes frames from Europe and Japan.  Not only are they the finest manufactured frames, they are also reflective of the most artistic designers in the world.  Many of these styles are produced in limited numbers.  John and Francis frequently use the analogy of them being like “small batch bourbon”.







			Anne et Valentin		







			Lindberg		







			l.a. Eyeworks		







			Maui Jim		







			Oliver Peoples		







			ProDesign		







Product LinesSelect a category Anne et Valentin
l.a. Eyeworks
Lindberg
Maui Jim
Oliver Peoples
   Oliver Peoples Clear Glasses
   Oliver Peoples Sunglasses
ProDesign
Contact Us Glasses are more than just a necessity. They are your own personal look! 

Please fill out the form below or contact us regarding any inquiries that you may have in reference to vision care or designer eyewear.










Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 

Enter the text above into the form field below and click Send.



 































































John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 



About Masco - Leadership Team - New Home Improvement Manufacturer & Industrial Construction Business Leaders - Masco














 
 































Please do not fill-in this field









 




Home / About Us / Leadership Team













Amit Bhargava
Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development





Christopher Kastner
Vice President – Masco Operating System





Darius Padler
Group Vice President, Masco Corporation





Joe Gross
Group Vice President, since March 2017





John G. Sznewajs
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer





John P. Lindow
Vice President - Controller





Keith J. Allman
Our President and Chief Executive Officer, since February 2014





Kenneth G. Cole
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 





Renee Straber
Chief Human Resource Officer





Richard O’Reagan
Group President










Experience, Insight and Dedication

	Strong leadership and belief in our strategies to win is crucial to our continued growth. Built upon experience, insight and dedication, our leaders provide a strong foundation for the success of the entire enterprise. We understand that such a success is directly related to the contributions of both our leadership team and our employees.

	Our people are our greatest assets, at all levels of the enterprise. We are proud that we have created a workplace where learning and sharing best practices is a daily occurrence. Our employees are highly committed and seek the best in themselves. Evident in all aspects of our business, the Masco Family of Companies is a true team - a team that works together to consistently develop and execute strategies to win and deliver excellent results.


Meet our Board of Directors




The Board of Directors continues to focus on Masco’s corporate governance principles and practices and is committed to maintaining high standards of ethical business conduct and corporate governance for Masco.

Enter The Boardroom








Be a Leader at Masco


Our 30,000 employees worldwide are united by a commitment to excellence. Our progressive and vibrant professional environment encourages you to be a leader, our commitment to innovation encourages innovative thinking and our culture cultivates diversity. 
Want to learn more about a career at Masco?  Click below for more information.

Learn More
 




 

 





Joe Gross
Group Vice President, since March 2017
X










Mr. Gross is Group Vice President, a position he was appointed to in March 2017. As Group Vice President, Mr. Gross is responsible for Masco Cabinetry and Milgard Window and Doors.  Previously, Mr. Gross was President of Masco Cabinetry. Prior to leading Masco Cabinetry, he served as President and General Manager of BrassCraft Manufacturing as well as Vice President of Operations and Supply Chain at Arrow Fastener. Mr. Gross holds a Bachelor of Engineering degree from the State University of New York Institute of Technology, and an MBA from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.





Amit Bhargava
Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development
X










Amit Bhargava was appointed Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development in January 2015. In this position, he is responsible for developing and executing company-wide growth strategies, identifying and leading the execution of acquisitions and partnerships and driving high-quality, long-range planning processes across the Company. Previously, Mr. Bhargava spent several years each with United Technologies Corp., Danaher Corp., and McKinsey & Co. He earned a MBA from MIT’s Sloan School of Management, a MS in Electrical Engineering from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, and a BS in Electrical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology in Bombay.




Christopher Kastner
Vice President – Masco Operating System
X










Mr. Kastner was appointed to Vice President, Masco Operating System in December of 2014.  In this position, he is responsible for leading the development and effective deployment of a center-led comprehensive lean business operating system. Prior to joining Masco, Mr. Kastner had a 19-year career at Danaher Corporation, where he served in a wide variety of positions with increasing responsibility. Mr. Kastner holds an Executive MBA from Cleveland State University and a bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Pittsburgh.




Renee Straber
Chief Human Resource Officer
X










Renee Straber was appointed Chief Human Resource Officer in August 2014, with responsibility to provide leadership in the development and execution of human resource strategy for Masco Corporation. Prior to this role, Ms. Straber was Group Director of Human Resources for Masco’s Plumbing segment. She holds an MBA from the University of Michigan, and a Juris Doctor and B.S. in Management from Indiana University.




Richard O’Reagan
Group President
X










Mr. O’Reagan was appointed Group President, Global Plumbing in May 2014. Mr. O’Reagan is responsible for Delta Faucet Company, Hansgrohe, BrassCraft, Masco Canada, Liberty Hardware, Mirolin and Brasstech. Previously, Mr. O’Reagan was President of Delta Faucet Company, a position he assumed in 2011. Mr. O’Reagan holds a Bachelor of Science degree from The University of Virginia’s School of Engineering and an MBA from Dartmouth College's Tuck School of Business. 




Kenneth G. Cole
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
X










Kenneth G. Cole was appointed Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Masco Corporation in July 2013. He joined Masco in June 2004 and previously held positions of increasing responsibility in its Legal Department. In his most recent position prior to his appointment, he served as Senior Assistant General Counsel and Director of Commercial Legal Affairs.  

Prior to joining Masco, Mr. Cole was a partner at the law firm of Thompson Hine in Cleveland, Ohio specializing in antitrust and complex business counseling and litigation. He has a Juris Doctor degree and Bachelor of Science (in Mechanical Engineering) degree from the University of Notre Dame. 





Darius Padler
Group Vice President, Masco Corporation
X










Mr. Padler was appointed Group Vice President-Europe in 2013. In this capacity, he is responsible for the European companies Bristan Group, Moores Furniture Group, Ltd., and UK Windows Group. In addition, he is CEO of  HÜPPE GmbH, a position he has held since September 2010. Prior to that role, Mr. Padler served as a Group Controller and Group Director for Masco Europe between 2003 and 2010. Mr. Padler holds a degree in finance and controlling.




Keith J. Allman
Our President and Chief Executive Officer, since February 2014
X










Mr. Allman brings to our Board strong business leadership skills, hands-on operational experience with our businesses and valuable insight into our culture. He played an integral role in developing our strategies to strengthen our brands and improve our execution, which has helped to provide the foundation for the current direction of our Company. His key leadership positions within our Company have given him deep knowledge of all aspects of our business, and he also possesses a significant understanding of, and experience with, complex operations as well as company-specific customer expertise.




John G. Sznewajs
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
X










Mr. Sznewajs is Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  In this position since July 2007, Mr. Sznewajs is also responsible for IT and has operational oversight for several of the Corporation's European businesses.
Mr. Sznewajs is a 1989 graduate of Kalamazoo College with a bachelor’s degree in economics. He earned his Master of Business Administration degree in finance from the University of Chicago in 1996.





John P. Lindow
Vice President - Controller
X










Mr. Lindow is Vice President – Controller. A Certified Public Accountant, Mr. Lindow was appointed to this position in January 2009 and has responsibility for all functions in the corporate accounting area. He holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Northwood University and a Master of Business Administration degree from Northwood University’s Richard DeVos Graduate School of Management. 



 




close x



























 





Our Brands | P&G


























United States 










    P&G Worldwide Corporate Sites






Africa & Middle East


Americas


Asia & Pacific


Europe








Algeria

English





Arabian Peninsula

English
 |                                                             عربي





Egypt

English
 |                                                             عربي





Israel

עִבְרִית





Kenya

English





Morocco

English





Nigeria

English





South Africa

English







Argentina

Español





Brazil

Português





Canada

English
 |                                                             Français





Chile

Español





Colombia

Español





Costa Rica

Español





Guatemala

Español





LATIN AMÉRICA

Español





México

Español





Panama

Español





Perú

Español





United States

English





Venezuela

Español







Australia

English





China

中文





Hong Kong

中文
 |                                                             English





India

English





Indonesia

Indonesian





Japan

日本語





Korea

한국어





New Zealand

English





Pakistan

English





Philippines

English





Taiwan

中文





Vietnam

Tiếng Việt







Albania

English





Balkans

English





Belgium

Français
 |                                                             Nederlands





Bosnia & Herzegovina

English





Bulgaria

български





Czech Republic

český





Denmark

Dansk





Finland

Suomen Kieli





France

Français





Germany

Deutsch





Greece

ελληνικά





Hungary

Magyar





Ireland

English





Italy

Italiano





Moldova

Limba Română





Montenegro

English





Netherlands

Nederlands





Norway

Norsk





Poland

język polski





Romania

Limba Română





Russia

русский язык





Serbia

српски





Spain

Español





Sweden

Svenska





Switzerland

Deutsch
 |                                                             Français





The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia

English





Turkey

Türkçe





Ukraine

украї́нська мо́ва





United Kingdom

English











    P&G Worldwide Corporate Sites






Select a region:
Africa & Middle East
Americas
Asia & Pacific
Europe




Algeria

English



Arabian Peninsula

English
 |                                                 عربي



Egypt

English
 |                                                 عربي



Israel

עִבְרִית



Kenya

English



Morocco

English



Nigeria

English



South Africa

English



Argentina

Español



Brazil

Português



Canada

English
 |                                                 Français



Chile

Español



Colombia

Español



Costa Rica

Español



Guatemala

Español



LATIN AMÉRICA

Español



México

Español



Panama

Español



Perú

Español



United States

English



Venezuela

Español



Australia

English



China

中文



Hong Kong

中文
 |                                                 English



India

English



Indonesia

Indonesian



Japan

日本語



Korea

한국어



New Zealand

English



Pakistan

English



Philippines

English



Taiwan

中文



Vietnam

Tiếng Việt



Albania

English



Balkans

English



Belgium

Français
 |                                                 Nederlands



Bosnia & Herzegovina

English



Bulgaria

български



Czech Republic

český



Denmark

Dansk



Finland

Suomen Kieli



France

Français



Germany

Deutsch



Greece

ελληνικά



Hungary

Magyar



Ireland

English



Italy

Italiano



Moldova

Limba Română



Montenegro

English



Netherlands

Nederlands



Norway

Norsk



Poland

język polski



Romania

Limba Română



Russia

русский язык



Serbia

српски



Spain

Español



Sweden

Svenska



Switzerland

Deutsch
 |                                                 Français



The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia

English



Turkey

Türkçe



Ukraine

украї́нська мо́ва



United Kingdom

English






















Search























                Home
            





        Our Brands

    



            Our Brands

        















    P&G is made of many individual brands, each serving customers in different ways—but all with a focus on making peoples’ lives a little easier. 












            Find coupons, product reviews and inspiration on P&G everyday 
        













Top Brands
 

All Brands

Baby, Feminine & Family Care
Beauty
Fabric & Home Care
Health & Grooming

ApplyCancel








Jump To

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


A - G
H - N
O - U
V - Z











    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site







    Visit Site














        Other P&G Sites

    







    Find savings, coupons, and product reviews.
P&G EveryDay









    Shop and get products delivered to your door
P&G Shop









    P&G Professional helps your business thrive
Learn More

















Contact




Savings & Offers
Product Coupons & Promotions
Buy P&G Brands Online




Partners & Suppliers
Partner & Innovate with Us
Current & Prospective Suppliers




Privacy & Legal
Privacy Notice
P&G Global Consumer Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
AdChoices














 


 


 


 


 


















© 2016 Procter & Gamble. All Claims valid only in the US.








×

























We would like to improve our website and are interested in finding out more about your visit.Will you please help us by completing this short survey?



YES
NO















John Sznewajs - President for Masco Building Products Corp.

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Michigan



                
                >
                

Taylor







 John Sznewajs
                        

Active

                                    Taylor,
                                    MI
                                
—
President for Masco Building Products Corp.













Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























John Sznewajs Overview
                    

John Sznewajs has been associated with fifty companies, according to public records. The companies were formed over a thirty-five year period with the most recent being incorporated seven months ago in December of 2016. Seventeen of the companies are still active while the remaining thirty-three are now listed as inactive. 
                    
                






Background Report for John G. Sznewajs


 Includes Age, Location, Address History for John G. Sznewajs
 Arrest, Criminal, & Driving Records 
 Social Media Profiles
 Possible relatives
 Full Background Report 




                    Get Report
                



                        Sponsored Advertisement

                    








                            Network Visualizer
                        























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Companies for John Sznewajs








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            Topbuild Services Group Corp.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                CEO
                            






                            Masco Building Products Corp.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1985
                        
                


                                7
                            



                                President
                            






                            Masco Framing Corp.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2007
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                President
                            






                            Peerless Sales Corporation
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1978
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                President
                            






                            Cal-Style Furniture Mfg. Co.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1984
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                President
                            






                            Masco Corporation of Indiana
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                President
                            






                            Epic Fine Arts Company
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                CEO
                            






                            Masco Builder Cabinet Group, Inc.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                20
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Liberty Hardware Retail & Design Services LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                15
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Builder Services Group, Inc.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Brasscraft Manufacturing Company
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                23
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Cabinet Supply, Inc.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Liberty Hardware Mfg. Corp.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Masco Retail Sales Support, Inc.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1996
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Behr Process Corporation
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1954
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Behr Paint Corp.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Milgard Manufacturing Incorporated
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1983
                        
                


                                7
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Topbuild Support Services, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                President
                            






                            Mascon Services, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1982
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                President
                            






                            Retro Energy Solutions, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                President
                            






                            Masco Services, Inc
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1999
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                President
                            






                            Masco Spinco Corp.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                President
                            






                            Masco Bath Corporation
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                3
                            



                                President
                            






                            Topbuild Corp.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                President
                            






                            Topbuild Home Services, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                President
                            






                            Retail Cabinet Group Sales Support, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2002
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Kraftmaid Sales and Distribution, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                11
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Masco Framing Holding Company I LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2009
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Erickson Construction, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Texwood Holdings LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2005
                        
                


                                3
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Service Partners, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Erickson Roseville, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Managing Member
                            






                            Masterchem Brands, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                14
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Masco Contractor Services East, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1999
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Masco Buildlogix, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Jarry Realty, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1984
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Arrow Fastener Co., Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Landex, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                8
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Quality Refacing Services, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                7
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Energysense, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Buildlogix, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Masco Cabinetry Transport Co.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2002
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Denver Southwest, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1995
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Renfrow Supply, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1999
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Moore Products, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Bpc Realty LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Masco Retail Cabinet Group, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                3
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Kraftmaid Sales and Distrubtion, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Erickson Acquisition 3, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Chevron Technology Ventures LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                VP
                            






«
Previous



1


2


3


4


5


6


7



»
Next




        Showing 8 records out of  50
    










 Excel
                    
Connections for John Sznewajs

                         A connection is made when two people are officers, directors, or otherwise associated with the same company. John has 113 known connections and has the most companies in common with Jerry Mollien. 
                    



30



                                    Jerry W. Mollien
                                



                                        Jerry W. Mollien has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                20
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B----------------------n
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1954
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            L-------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            M------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1996
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M--------------------------------d
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1983
                        
                


                                7
                            



                                Director
                            






                            L-------------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                15
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            B------------------------------y
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                23
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-----------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2007
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-----------------c
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1999
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                Director
                            






                            E------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            M-----------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                3
                            



                                Member
                            






                            M---------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2009
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            M---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2002
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                Director
                            






                            E---------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Director
                            






                            R--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Director
                            






                            R-------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2002
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            M----------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1999
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                Director
                            






                            J----------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1984
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            






                            Q-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                7
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            K-----------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                11
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            M--------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1982
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Director
                            






                            A----------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M---------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                14
                            



                                Director
                            






«
Previous



1


2


3


4



»
Next




        Showing 8 records out of  30
    






27



                                    Gregory D. Wittrock
                                



                                        Gregory D. Wittrock has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                20
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B----------------------n
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1954
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            L-------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1996
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M--------------------------------d
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1983
                        
                


                                7
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            L-------------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                15
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            B------------------------------y
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                23
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-----------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2007
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            M-----------------c
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1999
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            E------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            B------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                Member
                            






                            M-----------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                3
                            



                                Member
                            






                            M---------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2009
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            M---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2002
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                Director
                            






                            E---------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Director
                            






                            R--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Director
                            






                            R-------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2002
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                Director
                            






                            J----------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1984
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M--------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1982
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Director
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M---------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                14
                            



                                Director
                            






«
Previous



1


2


3


4



»
Next




        Showing 8 records out of  27
    






25



                                    Lawrence F. Leaman
                                



                                        Lawrence F. Leaman has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-------------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                20
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B----------------------n
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1954
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            L-------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            M------------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1996
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M--------------------------------d
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1983
                        
                


                                7
                            



                                Director
                            






                            L-------------------------------------------C
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                15
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            B------------------------------y
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                23
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-----------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2007
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-----------------c
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1999
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                Director
                            






                            E------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            M----------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            M---------------------------------C
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2009
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Member
                            






                            E---------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Director
                            






                            R--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            R-------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2002
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            J----------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1984
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            K-----------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                11
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            M-------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1982
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Director
                            






                            A----------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M---------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                14
                            



                                Vice President
                            






«
Previous



1


2


3


4



»
Next




        Showing 8 records out of  25
    






23



                                    Eugene A. Gargaro
                                



                                        Eugene A. Gargaro has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                20
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B----------------------n
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1954
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            L-------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1996
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            L-------------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                15
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            B------------------------------y
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                23
                            



                                Director
                            






                            T------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2005
                        
                


                                3
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            R--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Director      
                            






                            R-------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2002
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            L----------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                8
                            



                                President
                            






                            M----------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1999
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director      
                            






                            J----------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1984
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            






                            Q-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                7
                            



                                Director
                            






                            K-----------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                11
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            M--------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1982
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                President
                            






                            A----------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M---------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                14
                            



                                Director
                            






«
Previous



1


2


3



»
Next




        Showing 8 records out of  23
    






23



                                    John R. Leekley
                                



                                        John R. Leekley has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                20
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B----------------------n
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1954
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            L-------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1985
                        
                


                                7
                            



                                President
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1996
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            L-------------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                15
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            B------------------------------y
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                23
                            



                                Director
                            






                            T------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2005
                        
                


                                3
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            R--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Director      
                            






                            R-------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2002
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            L----------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                8
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M----------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1999
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director      
                            






                            J----------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1984
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            






                            Q-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                7
                            



                                Director
                            






                            K-----------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                11
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            M-------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1982
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Director
                            






                            A----------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M---------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                14
                            



                                Director
                            






«
Previous



1


2


3



»
Next




        Showing 8 records out of  23
    






22



                                    Barry J. Silverman
                                



                                        Barry J. Silverman has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                20
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B----------------------n
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1954
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            L-------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1996
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            L-------------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                15
                            



                                Member
                            






                            B------------------------------y
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                23
                            



                                Assistant Secretary
                            






                            B------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                Member
                            






                            M---------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2009
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Member
                            






                            R-------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2002
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            M----------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1999
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Assistant Sec.
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                Director
                            






                            J----------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1984
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            






                            K-----------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                11
                            



                                Assistant Sec.
                            






                            M--------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1982
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Director
                            






                            A----------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M---------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                14
                            



                                Director
                            






«
Previous



1


2


3



»
Next




        Showing 8 records out of  22
    






19



                                    Kenneth G. Cole
                                



                                        Kenneth G. Cole has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-------------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                20
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B----------------------n
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1954
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            L-------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Director
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M------------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1996
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M--------------------------------d
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1983
                        
                


                                7
                            



                                Director
                            






                            L-------------------------------------------C
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                15
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            B------------------------------y
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                23
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-----------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2007
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            M-----------------c
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1999
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            E------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            M----------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M---------------------------------C
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2009
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Member
                            






                            E---------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                6
                            



                                Director
                            






                            M-------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1982
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Director
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                Director
                            






«
Previous



1


2


3



»
Next




        Showing 8 records out of  19
    






15



                                    Carolyn M. Christian
                                



                                        Carolyn M. Christian has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            M-------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                20
                            



                                Assistant Sec.
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                Assistant Sec.
                            






                            B----------------------n
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1954
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Assistant Sec.
                            






                            L-------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Assistant Sec.
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Assistant Sec.
                            






                            M------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1996
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            B------------------------------y
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                23
                            



                                Assistant Secretary
                            






                            R-------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2002
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Assistant Sec.
                            






                            J----------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1984
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            K-----------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                11
                            



                                Assistant Sec.
                            






                            M-------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1982
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            A----------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                Assistant Sec.
                            






                            M---------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                14
                            



                                Secretary
                            






«
Previous



1


2



»
Next




        Showing 8 records out of  15
    






11



                                    Yvette M. Vanriper
                                



                                        Yvette M. Vanriper has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            M-------------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                20
                            



                                Assistant Secretary
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                Assistant Secretary
                            






                            B----------------------n
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1954
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Assistant Secretary
                            






                            L-------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Assistant Secretary
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            M------------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1996
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Assistant Secretary
                            






                            B------------------------------y
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                23
                            



                                Assistant Secretary
                            






                            M----------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            M-------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1982
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                Secretary
                            






«
Previous



1


2



»
Next




        Showing 8 records out of  11
    






11



                                    Timothy Wadhams
                                



                                        Timothy Wadhams has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            M-------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                20
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            L-------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            M------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1996
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            L-------------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                15
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            R-------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2002
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            M----------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1999
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            K-----------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                11
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            M-------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1982
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            A----------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            M---------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                14
                            



                                Secretary
                            






«
Previous



1


2



»
Next




        Showing 8 records out of  11
    






6



                                    Robert Buck
                                



                                        Robert Buck has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                President
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                President
                            






                            L-------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                President
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                President
                            






                            L-------------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                15
                            



                                President
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                President
                            









5



                                    James A. Hazelwood
                                



                                        James A. Hazelwood has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                President
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                President
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                5
                            



                                President
                            






                            M--------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                President
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                President
                            









5



                                    Eric Hoffman
                                



                                        Eric Hoffman has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                Executive VP
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Executive VP
                            






                            M--------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                Executive VP
                            









5



                                    John Peterson
                                



                                        John Peterson has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                CFO
                            






                            R-------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2002
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                CFO
                            






                            K-----------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                11
                            



                                CFO
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                Executive
                            









5



                                    David A. Doran
                                



                                        David A. Doran has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            M------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1996
                        
                


                                18
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            L-------------------------------------------C
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                15
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            L----------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1992
                        
                


                                8
                            



                                As
                            






                            M----------------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1999
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                Vice President
                            









5



                                    Ronald L. Kline
                                



                                        Ronald L. Kline has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                Chairman
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                CFO
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Chairman
                            






                            M--------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                Vice President
                            









4



                                    Donald Demarie
                                



                                        Donald Demarie has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            



                                President
                            






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                CEO
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                President
                            






                            M--------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                President
                            









4



                                    Harry Geller
                                



                                        Harry Geller has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            C------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                22
                            



                                Secretary
                            






                            M--------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                12
                            



                                Vice President
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            



                                Vice President
                            









3



                                    David Cushen
                                



                                        David Cushen has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2000
                        
                


                                21
                            








                            B--------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                32
                            



                                Senior Vice Presiden
                            






                            T-----------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                27
                            











3



                                    Jeffrey D. Filley
                                



                                        Jeffrey D. Filley has the following companies in common with John Sznewajs
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            B----------------------n
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1954
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                President
                            






                            B--------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1993
                        
                


                                13
                            



                                President
                            






                            M---------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2001
                        
                


                                14
                            



                                President
                            























 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for John Sznewajs










21001 Van Born Rd
Taylor, MI 48180




4600 Arrowhead Dr
Ann Arbor, MI 48105




3400 W Segerstrom Ave
Santa Ana, CA 92704




2339 Beville Rd
Daytona Beach, FL 32119




5353 W US Highway 223
Adrian, MI 49221




21001 Van Bom Rd
Taylor, MI 48180




260 Jimmy Ann Dr
Daytona Beach, FL 32114




55 E 111th St
Indianapolis, IN 46280




PO Box 40980
Indianapolis, IN 46240




2260 Waynoka Rd
Colorado Springs, CO 80915









Advertisements










Sources







Florida Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Tuesday, April 11, 2017
                            








New York Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Wednesday, June 1, 2016
                            








Nevada Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Monday, February 20, 2017
                            








Texas Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Wednesday, July 26, 2017
                            








California Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Monday, July 3, 2017
                            








California Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Saturday, July 1, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for John Sznewajs.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for John Sznewajs and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















10
                    Known Addresses
                




                                21001 Van Born Rd  Taylor, MI 48180

                            


                                4600 Arrowhead Dr  Ann Arbor, MI 48105

                            


                                3400 W Segerstrom Ave  Santa Ana, CA 92704

                            


                                2339 Beville Rd  Daytona Beach, FL 32119

                            


                                5353 W US Highway 223  Adrian, MI 49221

                            


                                21001 Van Bom Rd  Taylor, MI 48180

                            


                                260 Jimmy Ann Dr  Daytona Beach, FL 32114

                            


                                55 E 111th St  Indianapolis, IN 46280

                            


                                PO Box 40980  Indianapolis, IN 46240

                            


                                2260 Waynoka Rd  Colorado Springs, CO 80915

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with John Sznewajs however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




                Sources
            





                        Florida Department of State
                    




                        New York Department of State
                    




                        Nevada Secretary of State
                    




                        Texas Secretary of State
                    




                        California Secretary of State
                    




                        California Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,570 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,717 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,145 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,442 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,180 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,578 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,059 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,846 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,717 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,838 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,966 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,529 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,170 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,570 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,318 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,341 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,853 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,575 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,391 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,526 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,310 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,079 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,211 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,668 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,323 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,145 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,362 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,904 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,442 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,353 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,727 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,494 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,225 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,145 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,650 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,493 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,074 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















Michigan Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Michigan Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Empire Franchise Group LLC

                                                
                                                    Grand Rapids, MI
                                                
                                        










Adient US LLC

                                                
                                                    Plymouth, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hoover Universal, Inc.










Autosystems America Inc.

                                                
                                                    Plymouth, MI
                                                
                                        










Tos Holdings LLC

                                                
                                                    Traverse City, MI
                                                
                                        










H.A. Automotive Systems, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Troy, MI
                                                
                                        










Millennium Rei, LLC

                                                
                                                    Harrison Township, MI
                                                
                                        










Sunera Technologies, Inc

                                                
                                                    Troy, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rekha Mareddi
Kaki Reddy
Ravi Reddy










Game Time, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Litchfield, MI
                                                
                                        










Maven Drive LLC

                                                
                                                    Detroit, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Julia Steyn
Alain Genouw










Lecole Planners LLC

                                                
                                                    Plymouth, MI
                                                
                                        










Cab West LLC

                                                
                                                    Dearborn, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bernard J. Angelo
Susan J. Thomas
Frank B. Bilotta










Ninjas In Action Inc

                                                
                                                    Farmington Hills, MI
                                                
                                        










Conti Fire Protection, LLC

                                                
                                                    Sterling Heights, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Paul Duhaime










General Motors LLC

                                                
                                                    Detroit, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daniel F. Akerson
Todd Robinson
Alan Batey










Omega Resource Solutions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Sterling Heights, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Otto
Michael Zybura
Todd Keller










Dmi Gc Holdings, LLC

                                                
                                                    Highland Park, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Douglas Kearney
Jason Duzan
David S. Evans










Barpellam, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Southfield, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David W. Barfield
James Hanrahan










Fegen Solar LLC

                                                
                                                    Southfield, MI
                                                
                                        










Brick & Mortar Construction, LLC

                                                
                                                    Shelbyville, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Larry Buonodono
Joseph P. Buonodono










Dorint Corporation

                                                
                                                    Ann Arbor, MI
                                                
                                        










Dart Technology Hub LLC

                                                
                                                    Mason, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dart Financial Corporation
Francis X. Liesman










Aes Preferred Staffing Services, Inc

                                                
                                                    Sterling Heights, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Otto
Joseph Pantaleo










Sun Bum LLC

                                                
                                                    Grand Rapids, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Thomas Rinks
Brian B. Vandommelen
Rene B. Canetti










McDonald's

                                                
                                                    Detroit, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Artan Jaupi
Deborah Virgiles
Walter Salen










Jones & Jones Leasing Co., LLC

                                                
                                                    Belleville, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wayne D. Jones
Shelly M. Jones










Equivest Financial, LLC

                                                
                                                    East Lansing, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Five Square Management, Inc.










Cancer Support Services

                                                
                                                    Dearborn, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James Reynolds
Kyle Effler
Ginger Ison










Batts, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Zeeland, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stephen B. McDonough
Eric C. Green
Michael Robinson










McCord Gasket Corporation

                                                
                                                    Ann Arbor, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John Psarouthakis










Erinbrownconroy Com

                                                
                                                    Portage, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Erin B. Conroy










Allegiant Equities, LLC

                                                
                                                    Troy, MI
                                                
                                        










Guardian Fabrication Central, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Auburn Hills, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Charles R. Mowrey
Laurent Hendrickx
Thomas M. Pastore










ABC Academy Inc

                                                
                                                    Jackson, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kathy Hoszkiw
Diana M. Beveridge
Kim Stevens










Doglicious LLC

                                                
                                                    Canton, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard T. Corso










Detroit Diesel Corporation

                                                
                                                    Troy, MI
                                                
                                        










Fulton Technologies, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Canton, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Glickman










Urban Plates-Del Mar LLC

                                                
                                                    Farmington Hills, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Saad J. Nadhir
Nadhir Saad
John R. Zagara










Camgirl Videos LLC

                                                
                                                    Livonia, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steve R. Deppen
Andrew P. Lutz
Rhonda Bruner










631 16th Ave S. LLC

                                                
                                                    Romulus, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeff Kinsella










13 Mile Ventures LLC

                                                
                                                    Chesterfield, MI
                                                
                                        










Istim Metals, LLC

                                                
                                                    Canton, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
William F. Whelan










Zinco Associates LLC

                                                
                                                    Clarkston, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Donald Zinser










Dedicare LLC

                                                
                                                    Wayne, MI
                                                
                                        










East Texas Greenview, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Bloomfield, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stephen Cohen










Metaldyne Performance Group Inc.

                                                
                                                    Plymouth, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mark Blaufuss
Thomas A. Amato










Emp Defense LLC

                                                
                                                    Lowell, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David S. Organek
David L. Crace










Rockloans Marketplace LLC

                                                
                                                    Detroit, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jay Farner
Steve Linden
Todd Lunsford










Brennan Polymers Inc

                                                
                                                    Howell, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Martin Brennan










Kova-Clean, LLC

                                                
                                                    Otsego, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anna T. Kovacic










Fletcher Paper Company

                                                
                                                    Alpena, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John E. Atchison



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Kova-Clean, LLC
21 days ago


Otsego




Apex Mitx Staffing, LLC
22 days ago


Sterling Heights




Atco Industries, Inc. - Texas
22 days ago


Sterling Heights




Sunscreen Rentals, LLC
23 days ago


Commerce Township




Luxury Fine Homes, LLC
24 days ago


Troy




Pk Grass Valley Terrace, Lp
24 days ago


Okemos




Tal Store La 876 LLC
24 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 877 LLC
24 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 875 LLC
24 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 874 LLC
24 days ago


Oak Park




Tal La Market LLC
24 days ago


Oak Park




Tal La Holdings LLC
24 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 872 LLC
24 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 871 LLC
24 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 870 LLC
24 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 873 LLC
24 days ago


Oak Park




Tal L A Warehouse LLC
24 days ago


Oak Park




Allegiant Equities, LLC
24 days ago


Troy




Mocha Hunters Inc
24 days ago


Dearborn




Progreen US, Inc. Which Will DO Business In California As Progreenus, Inc.
24 days ago


Bloomfield Township




Mimo Technik, Inc.
24 days ago


Owosso




Project K9 Hero
24 days ago


Detroit




White Sand Escape LLC
26 days ago


Saint Johns




Michigan Business Connection, Lc LLC
26 days ago


Ann Arbor




Metropolitan Real Estate Group of Florida, LLC
29 days ago


Detroit




Hella Automotive Sales, Inc.
30 days ago


Plymouth




Asap Ministries Inc
30 days ago


Berrien Springs




Smart Folks Inc
30 days ago


Wixom




Evergreen Evaluation & Data, LLC
31 days ago


Kalamazoo




Continuum LLC, The
31 days ago


Ada




Ims Group USA, Inc.
31 days ago


Ada




Benito's Pizza Oceanside, Inc.
31 days ago


Belleville




NW 119 Street Properties, LLC
1 month ago


Grand Rapids
Wyoming




16902 Cruse Street, LLC.
1 month ago


Detroit




16194 Princeton, LLC.
1 month ago


Detroit




16196 Princeton, LLC.
1 month ago


Detroit




16810 Ward Street LLC.
1 month ago


Detroit




14502 Snowden Street, LLC.
1 month ago


Detroit




Slaman Advisory Services, LLC
1 month ago


Flushing




Ndrvn LLC
1 month ago


Bloomfield Hills




Trident Labs, LLC
1 month ago


Holland




Biffco Invest LLC
1 month ago


Royal Oak




Ciber Global, LLC
1 month ago


Troy




Guardian Fabrication Central, Inc.
1 month ago


Auburn Hills




Adobe Development, LLC
1 month ago


Plainwell




National Auto Lube of Florida LLC
1 month ago


Dearborn




Faces of Monet Inc.
1 month ago


Detroit




De Jong Duke LLC
1 month ago


Taylor




Sean for Kelly LLC
1 month ago


Grosse Pointe Park




Meghan for Kelly LLC
1 month ago


Grosse Pointe Park









Top cities in Michigan





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Detroit
                


                56,377
            



                2
            


                    Grand Rapids
                


                35,160
            



                3
            


                    Southfield
                


                21,241
            



                4
            


                    Ann Arbor
                


                20,987
            



                5
            


                    Troy
                


                18,318
            



                6
            


                    Lansing
                


                16,294
            



                7
            


                    Flint
                


                13,753
            



                8
            


                    Kalamazoo
                


                13,530
            



                9
            


                    Warren
                


                12,945
            



                10
            


                    Livonia
                


                12,558
            



                11
            


                    Sterling Heights
                


                12,356
            



                12
            


                    Traverse City
                


                11,950
            



                13
            


                    Dearborn
                


                10,630
            



                14
            


                    Farmington
                


                10,627
            



                15
            


                    Saginaw
                


                10,371
            



                16
            


                    West Bloomfield
                


                10,195
            



                17
            


                    Bloomfield Hills
                


                10,026
            



                18
            


                    Clinton Township
                


                9,465
            



                19
            


                    Muskegon
                


                8,806
            



                20
            


                    Rochester
                


                8,741
            



                21
            


                    Jackson
                


                8,403
            



                22
            


                    Holland
                


                8,304
            



                23
            


                    Novi
                


                7,865
            



                24
            


                    Canton
                


                7,863
            



                25
            


                    Royal Oak
                


                7,693
            



                26
            


                    Battle Creek
                


                7,596
            



                27
            


                    Ypsilanti
                


                7,526
            



                28
            


                    Waterford
                


                7,465
            



                29
            


                    Farmington Hills
                


                6,828
            



                30
            


                    Birmingham
                


                6,795
            



                31
            


                    Brighton
                


                6,452
            



                32
            


                    Utica
                


                6,402
            



                33
            


                    Plymouth
                


                6,322
            



                34
            


                    Macomb
                


                6,158
            



                35
            


                    Saint Clair Shores
                


                5,910
            



                36
            


                    Howell
                


                5,814
            



                37
            


                    Midland
                


                5,743
            



                38
            


                    Westland
                


                5,627
            



                39
            


                    Bay City
                


                5,544
            



                40
            


                    Portage
                


                5,362
            



                41
            


                    Clarkston
                


                5,292
            



                42
            


                    Taylor
                


                5,047
            



                43
            


                    Northville
                


                5,025
            



                44
            


                    Pontiac
                


                5,022
            



                45
            


                    East Lansing
                


                4,926
            



                46
            


                    Grosse Pointe
                


                4,767
            



                47
            


                    Dearborn Heights
                


                4,569
            



                48
            


                    Grand Blanc
                


                4,540
            



                49
            


                    Roseville
                


                4,313
            



                50
            


                    Auburn Hills
                


                4,303
            



                51
            


                    Redford
                


                4,292
            



                52
            


                    Monroe
                


                4,147
            



                53
            


                    Madison Heights
                


                4,128
            



                54
            


                    Fenton
                


                4,019
            



                55
            


                    Oak Park
                


                3,939
            



                56
            


                    Wyoming
                


                3,891
            



                57
            


                    Port Huron
                


                3,674
            



                58
            


                    Lake Orion
                


                3,671
            



                59
            


                    New Baltimore
                


                3,644
            



                60
            


                    Grandville
                


                3,582
            



                61
            


                    Belleville
                


                3,501
            



                62
            


                    Rochester Hills
                


                3,415
            



                63
            


                    Mount Pleasant
                


                3,400
            



                64
            


                    Grand Haven
                


                3,379
            



                65
            


                    Rockford
                


                3,308
            



                66
            


                    Shelby Township
                


                3,287
            



                67
            


                    Okemos
                


                3,286
            



                68
            


                    Commerce Township
                


                3,201
            



                69
            


                    Romulus
                


                3,196
            



                70
            


                    Ferndale
                


                3,033
            



                71
            


                    Saint Joseph
                


                3,014
            



                72
            


                    Marquette
                


                3,013
            



                73
            


                    Adrian
                


                2,991
            



                74
            


                    Benton Harbor
                


                2,968
            



                75
            


                    Niles
                


                2,965
            



                76
            


                    Lapeer
                


                2,926
            



                77
            


                    Milford
                


                2,867
            



                78
            


                    Petoskey
                


                2,792
            



                79
            


                    Eastpointe
                


                2,731
            



                80
            


                    Trenton
                


                2,724
            



                81
            


                    White Lake
                


                2,724
            



                82
            


                    Wixom
                


                2,718
            



                83
            


                    South Lyon
                


                2,714
            



                84
            


                    Walled Lake
                


                2,654
            



                85
            


                    Mount Clemens
                


                2,644
            



                86
            


                    Oxford
                


                2,624
            



                87
            


                    Hudsonville
                


                2,558
            



                88
            


                    Franklin
                


                2,475
            



                89
            


                    Davison
                


                2,452
            



                90
            


                    Burton
                


                2,441
            



                91
            


                    Zeeland
                


                2,390
            



                92
            


                    Saline
                


                2,384
            



                93
            


                    Allen Park
                


                2,366
            



                94
            


                    Washington
                


                2,327
            



                95
            


                    Alpena
                


                2,294
            



                96
            


                    Southgate
                


                2,279
            



                97
            


                    Ada
                


                2,276
            



                98
            


                    Owosso
                


                2,272
            



                99
            


                    Dexter
                


                2,263
            



                100
            


                    Harrison Township
                


                2,247
            



                101
            


                    Flushing
                


                2,245
            



                102
            


                    Garden City
                


                2,198
            



                103
            


                    Jenison
                


                2,176
            



                104
            


                    Lincoln Park
                


                2,144
            



                105
            


                    Coldwater
                


                2,126
            



                106
            


                    Holly
                


                2,090
            



                107
            


                    Cadillac
                


                2,085
            



                108
            


                    Byron Center
                


                2,066
            



                109
            


                    Caledonia
                


                2,058
            



                110
            


                    Wyandotte
                


                2,044
            



                111
            


                    Spring Lake
                


                1,941
            



                112
            


                    Charlotte
                


                1,929
            



                113
            


                    Mason
                


                1,927
            



                114
            


                    Highland
                


                1,903
            



                115
            


                    Ludington
                


                1,843
            



                116
            


                    Fraser
                


                1,841
            



                117
            


                    Berkley
                


                1,827
            



                118
            


                    Highland Park
                


                1,784
            



                119
            


                    Escanaba
                


                1,770
            



                120
            


                    Grand Ledge
                


                1,757
            



                121
            


                    Swartz Creek
                


                1,753
            



                122
            


                    Clio
                


                1,707
            



                123
            


                    Sault Sainte Marie
                


                1,686
            



                124
            


                    Three Rivers
                


                1,666
            



                125
            


                    Holt
                


                1,654
            



                126
            


                    Pinckney
                


                1,637
            



                127
            


                    Sturgis
                


                1,622
            



                128
            


                    Marshall
                


                1,601
            



                129
            


                    Comstock Park
                


                1,591
            



                130
            


                    Hastings
                


                1,584
            



                131
            


                    Wayne
                


                1,578
            



                132
            


                    Chelsea
                


                1,559
            



                133
            


                    Dewitt
                


                1,557
            



                134
            


                    Greenville
                


                1,555
            



                135
            


                    Inkster
                


                1,548
            



                136
            


                    Lowell
                


                1,518
            



                137
            


                    Hamtramck
                


                1,513
            



                138
            


                    Ortonville
                


                1,505
            



                139
            


                    South Haven
                


                1,501
            



                140
            


                    Harper Woods
                


                1,485
            



                141
            


                    Saint Johns
                


                1,484
            



                142
            


                    Allegan
                


                1,481
            



                143
            


                    Gaylord
                


                1,481
            



                144
            


                    Big Rapids
                


                1,476
            



                145
            


                    Cheboygan
                


                1,465
            



                146
            


                    Hazel Park
                


                1,439
            



                147
            


                    Charlevoix
                


                1,437
            



                148
            


                    Flat Rock
                


                1,430
            



                149
            


                    Clawson
                


                1,425
            



                150
            


                    Whitmore Lake
                


                1,380
            



                151
            


                    Paw Paw
                


                1,377
            



                152
            


                    Fort Gratiot
                


                1,357
            



                153
            


                    Eaton Rapids
                


                1,351
            



                154
            


                    Harbor Springs
                


                1,340
            



                155
            


                    Chesterfield
                


                1,335
            



                156
            


                    Linden
                


                1,335
            



                157
            


                    Mount Morris
                


                1,325
            



                158
            


                    Manistee
                


                1,317
            



                159
            


                    Iron Mountain
                


                1,314
            



                160
            


                    Hillsdale
                


                1,304
            



                161
            


                    West Branch
                


                1,304
            



                162
            


                    Temperance
                


                1,302
            



                163
            


                    Plainwell
                


                1,297
            



                164
            


                    Williamston
                


                1,277
            



                165
            


                    Tecumseh
                


                1,268
            



                166
            


                    Gladwin
                


                1,257
            



                167
            


                    Grosse Ile
                


                1,245
            



                168
            


                    Saint Clair
                


                1,223
            



                169
            


                    Fowlerville
                


                1,214
            



                170
            


                    Dowagiac
                


                1,198
            



                171
            


                    Caro
                


                1,182
            



                172
            


                    Cedar Springs
                


                1,174
            



                173
            


                    Romeo
                


                1,159
            



                174
            


                    Milan
                


                1,154
            



                175
            


                    Ionia
                


                1,153
            



                176
            


                    Sparta
                


                1,147
            



                177
            


                    Fremont
                


                1,133
            



                178
            


                    Freeland
                


                1,122
            



                179
            


                    Alma
                


                1,108
            



                180
            


                    Riverview
                


                1,105
            



                181
            


                    Haslett
                


                1,073
            



                182
            


                    Wayland
                


                1,044
            



                183
            


                    Stevensville
                


                1,040
            



                184
            


                    Albion
                


                1,016
            



                185
            


                    Berrien Springs
                


                1,006
            



                186
            


                    Brooklyn
                


                1,006
            



                187
            


                    Grayling
                


                992
            



                188
            


                    Allendale
                


                976
            



                189
            


                    Clare
                


                970
            



                190
            


                    Richmond
                


                965
            



                191
            


                    Vicksburg
                


                951
            



                192
            


                    Frankenmuth
                


                950
            



                193
            


                    Newaygo
                


                936
            



                194
            


                    Marysville
                


                933
            



                195
            


                    Metamora
                


                931
            



                196
            


                    Menominee
                


                930
            



                197
            


                    Belmont
                


                916
            



                198
            


                    Harrison
                


                912
            



                199
            


                    Imlay City
                


                896
            



                200
            


                    Boyne City
                


                894
            



                201
            


                    Williamsburg
                


                886
            



                202
            


                    Kalkaska
                


                881
            



                203
            


                    Roscommon
                


                881
            



                204
            


                    Keego Harbor
                


                879
            



                205
            


                    Manchester
                


                867
            



                206
            


                    Houghton Lake
                


                866
            



                207
            


                    Bad Axe
                


                863
            



                208
            


                    Middleville
                


                861
            



                209
            


                    Buchanan
                


                855
            



                210
            


                    Oscoda
                


                853
            



                211
            


                    Coloma
                


                852
            



                212
            


                    Richland
                


                848
            



                213
            


                    Belding
                


                847
            



                214
            


                    New Hudson
                


                836
            



                215
            


                    Rockwood
                


                835
            



                216
            


                    Whitehall
                


                830
            



                217
            


                    Davisburg
                


                828
            



                218
            


                    Mattawan
                


                821
            



                219
            


                    Birch Run
                


                819
            



                220
            


                    New Boston
                


                816
            



                221
            


                    Houghton
                


                814
            



                222
            


                    Durand
                


                805
            



                223
            


                    Algonac
                


                803
            



                224
            


                    Grass Lake
                


                802
            



                225
            


                    Lambertville
                


                801
            



                226
            


                    Ishpeming
                


                794
            



                227
            


                    Huntington Woods
                


                789
            



                228
            


                    Bingham Farms
                


                782
            



                229
            


                    Coopersville
                


                775
            



                230
            


                    Carleton
                


                773
            



                231
            


                    New Buffalo
                


                770
            



                232
            


                    Edwardsburg
                


                768
            



                233
            


                    Center Line
                


                765
            



                234
            


                    Portland
                


                756
            



                235
            


                    Alto
                


                752
            



                236
            


                    Hartland
                


                752
            



                237
            


                    Norton Shores
                


                749
            



                238
            


                    Marine City
                


                744
            



                239
            


                    Melvindale
                


                729
            



                240
            


                    Ironwood
                


                717
            



                241
            


                    Vassar
                


                711
            



                242
            


                    West Olive
                


                711
            



                243
            


                    Fennville
                


                710
            



                244
            


                    Gladstone
                


                710
            



                245
            


                    Cassopolis
                


                709
            



                246
            


                    Essexville
                


                701
            



                247
            


                    Sandusky
                


                700
            



                248
            


                    Dorr
                


                684
            



                249
            


                    Kentwood
                


                683
            



                250
            


                    Beaverton
                


                680
            



                251
            


                    Goodrich
                


                679
            



                252
            


                    Schoolcraft
                


                679
            



                253
            


                    Suttons Bay
                


                674
            



                254
            


                    Millington
                


                670
            



                255
            


                    Sanford
                


                662
            



                256
            


                    Otsego
                


                659
            



                257
            


                    New Haven
                


                654
            



                258
            


                    Interlochen
                


                648
            



                259
            


                    Hamilton
                


                647
            



                260
            


                    Perry
                


                640
            



                261
            


                    Bellaire
                


                639
            



                262
            


                    Dundee
                


                639
            



                263
            


                    Twin Lake
                


                636
            



                264
            


                    Hart
                


                635
            



                265
            


                    Mio
                


                634
            



                266
            


                    Calumet
                


                633
            



                267
            


                    Saugatuck
                


                622
            



                268
            


                    Pinconning
                


                621
            



                269
            


                    Lake City
                


                615
            



                270
            


                    Chesaning
                


                612
            



                271
            


                    Laingsburg
                


                612
            



                272
            


                    Montague
                


                612
            



                273
            


                    Iron River
                


                607
            



                274
            


                    East Jordan
                


                606
            



                275
            


                    Delton
                


                605
            



                276
            


                    Fruitport
                


                605
            



                277
            


                    Grant
                


                604
            



                278
            


                    Ithaca
                


                604
            



                279
            


                    Hancock
                


                600
            



                280
            


                    Almont
                


                596
            



                281
            


                    Howard City
                


                596
            



                282
            


                    Blissfield
                


                595
            



                283
            


                    Newport
                


                595
            



                284
            


                    Negaunee
                


                590
            



                285
            


                    Kingsley
                


                587
            



                286
            


                    Oakland
                


                586
            



                287
            


                    Galesburg
                


                583
            



                288
            


                    Standish
                


                583
            



                289
            


                    Smiths Creek
                


                582
            



                290
            


                    Onsted
                


                577
            



                291
            


                    Montrose
                


                576
            



                292
            


                    Reed City
                


                571
            



                293
            


                    Bloomfield
                


                570
            



                294
            


                    Kingsford
                


                570
            



                295
            


                    Jonesville
                


                568
            



                296
            


                    East China
                


                562
            



                297
            


                    Armada
                


                554
            



                298
            


                    Marlette
                


                554
            



                299
            


                    North Branch
                


                554
            



                300
            


                    Mancelona
                


                547
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Taylor, Michigan Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Taylor, MI Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Michigan








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















De Jong Duke LLC

                                                
                                                    Taylor, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hassan Al-Saadi




















                    Recently found companies in Taylor
                





Company
Found




De Jong Duke LLC


                1 month ago
            



Visual Skus USA Inc.


                5 months ago
            



Esplanade Storage, LLC


                5 months ago
            



Parisdiamond LLC


                6 months ago
            



Superior Contracting Corporation


                1 year ago
            



Epic Fine Arts Company


                1 year ago
            



Metro Cars West LLC


                1 year ago
            



Yellow Cab of Sacramento LLC


                1 year ago
            



The Sparrows, LLC


                2 years ago
            



Jem-D International (Michigan) Inc.


                2 years ago
            



West Florida Community Rentals, LLC


                2 years ago
            



Coastal Community Rentals, LLC


                2 years ago
            



Dearborn Mid-West Company, LLC


                2 years ago
            



Jinny Beauty Supply of Detroit, LLC


                2 years ago
            



B&R Oil Company, Inc.


                2 years ago
            



Sb Capital USA, LLC


                3 years ago
            



Ret Transportation Lv, LLC


                3 years ago
            



Eaton Transportation Lv, LLC


                3 years ago
            



Platinum Lv Transportation, LLC


                3 years ago
            



Prudential Security, Inc.


                4 years ago
            



Daly Merritt Direct Inc


                4 years ago
            



Atlas Oil Transportation, Inc.


                5 years ago
            



D'Arro Sands, LLC


                5 years ago
            



Japatul Valley Road, LLC


                5 years ago
            



Eamr, LLC


                5 years ago
            



Pockos America Inc


                5 years ago
            



Pure Hot House Foods Corp.


                5 years ago
            



My Service Center, Inc.


                6 years ago
            



Power Yachts Intl, LLC


                6 years ago
            



Gift of Mercy World Ministries Corporation


                6 years ago
            



Great Lakes Transportation Holding, LLC


                6 years ago
            



Lepage's 2000, Inc


                6 years ago
            



Russell A. Farrow U.S. Inc.


                6 years ago
            



Motor City Solutions, Inc.


                6 years ago
            



Wade Trim Group, Inc.


                6 years ago
            



Masco Framing Holding Company I’ LLC


                6 years ago
            



Erickson Acquisition 3, LLC


                6 years ago
            



Erickson Construction, Lp


                6 years ago
            



Masco Framing Corp.


                6 years ago
            



Insulpro Projects, Inc.


                6 years ago
            



Was Productions Inc.


                6 years ago
            



Beaver Packaging & Crating of California, Inc.


                6 years ago
            



Coloraxis, Inc.


                6 years ago
            



Behr Paints It!, Inc.


                6 years ago
            



American National Services, Inc.


                6 years ago
            



Masco Corporation of Indiana


                6 years ago
            



Coast Insulation Contractors, Inc.


                6 years ago
            



Cal-Style Furniture Mfg. Co.


                6 years ago
            



Peerless Sales Corporation


                6 years ago
            



Watkins Manufacturing Corporation


                6 years ago
            








Top cities in Michigan





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Detroit
                


                56,377
            



                2
            


                    Grand Rapids
                


                35,160
            



                3
            


                    Southfield
                


                21,241
            



                4
            


                    Ann Arbor
                


                20,987
            



                5
            


                    Troy
                


                18,318
            



                6
            


                    Lansing
                


                16,294
            



                7
            


                    Flint
                


                13,753
            



                8
            


                    Kalamazoo
                


                13,530
            



                9
            


                    Warren
                


                12,945
            



                10
            


                    Livonia
                


                12,558
            



                11
            


                    Sterling Heights
                


                12,356
            



                12
            


                    Traverse City
                


                11,950
            



                13
            


                    Dearborn
                


                10,630
            



                14
            


                    Farmington
                


                10,627
            



                15
            


                    Saginaw
                


                10,371
            



                16
            


                    West Bloomfield
                


                10,195
            



                17
            


                    Bloomfield Hills
                


                10,026
            



                18
            


                    Clinton Township
                


                9,465
            



                19
            


                    Muskegon
                


                8,806
            



                20
            


                    Rochester
                


                8,741
            



                21
            


                    Jackson
                


                8,403
            



                22
            


                    Holland
                


                8,304
            



                23
            


                    Novi
                


                7,865
            



                24
            


                    Canton
                


                7,863
            



                25
            


                    Royal Oak
                


                7,693
            



                26
            


                    Battle Creek
                


                7,596
            



                27
            


                    Ypsilanti
                


                7,526
            



                28
            


                    Waterford
                


                7,465
            



                29
            


                    Farmington Hills
                


                6,828
            



                30
            


                    Birmingham
                


                6,795
            



                31
            


                    Brighton
                


                6,452
            



                32
            


                    Utica
                


                6,402
            



                33
            


                    Plymouth
                


                6,322
            



                34
            


                    Macomb
                


                6,158
            



                35
            


                    Saint Clair Shores
                


                5,910
            



                36
            


                    Howell
                


                5,814
            



                37
            


                    Midland
                


                5,743
            



                38
            


                    Westland
                


                5,627
            



                39
            


                    Bay City
                


                5,544
            



                40
            


                    Portage
                


                5,362
            



                41
            


                    Clarkston
                


                5,292
            



                42
            


                    Taylor
                


                5,047
            



                43
            


                    Northville
                


                5,025
            



                44
            


                    Pontiac
                


                5,022
            



                45
            


                    East Lansing
                


                4,926
            



                46
            


                    Grosse Pointe
                


                4,767
            



                47
            


                    Dearborn Heights
                


                4,569
            



                48
            


                    Grand Blanc
                


                4,540
            



                49
            


                    Roseville
                


                4,313
            



                50
            


                    Auburn Hills
                


                4,303
            



                51
            


                    Redford
                


                4,292
            



                52
            


                    Monroe
                


                4,147
            



                53
            


                    Madison Heights
                


                4,128
            



                54
            


                    Fenton
                


                4,019
            



                55
            


                    Oak Park
                


                3,939
            



                56
            


                    Wyoming
                


                3,891
            



                57
            


                    Port Huron
                


                3,674
            



                58
            


                    Lake Orion
                


                3,671
            



                59
            


                    New Baltimore
                


                3,644
            



                60
            


                    Grandville
                


                3,582
            



                61
            


                    Belleville
                


                3,501
            



                62
            


                    Rochester Hills
                


                3,415
            



                63
            


                    Mount Pleasant
                


                3,400
            



                64
            


                    Grand Haven
                


                3,379
            



                65
            


                    Rockford
                


                3,308
            



                66
            


                    Shelby Township
                


                3,287
            



                67
            


                    Okemos
                


                3,286
            



                68
            


                    Commerce Township
                


                3,201
            



                69
            


                    Romulus
                


                3,196
            



                70
            


                    Ferndale
                


                3,033
            



                71
            


                    Saint Joseph
                


                3,014
            



                72
            


                    Marquette
                


                3,013
            



                73
            


                    Adrian
                


                2,991
            



                74
            


                    Benton Harbor
                


                2,968
            



                75
            


                    Niles
                


                2,965
            



                76
            


                    Lapeer
                


                2,926
            



                77
            


                    Milford
                


                2,867
            



                78
            


                    Petoskey
                


                2,792
            



                79
            


                    Eastpointe
                


                2,731
            



                80
            


                    Trenton
                


                2,724
            



                81
            


                    White Lake
                


                2,724
            



                82
            


                    Wixom
                


                2,718
            



                83
            


                    South Lyon
                


                2,714
            



                84
            


                    Walled Lake
                


                2,654
            



                85
            


                    Mount Clemens
                


                2,644
            



                86
            


                    Oxford
                


                2,624
            



                87
            


                    Hudsonville
                


                2,558
            



                88
            


                    Franklin
                


                2,475
            



                89
            


                    Davison
                


                2,452
            



                90
            


                    Burton
                


                2,441
            



                91
            


                    Zeeland
                


                2,390
            



                92
            


                    Saline
                


                2,384
            



                93
            


                    Allen Park
                


                2,366
            



                94
            


                    Washington
                


                2,327
            



                95
            


                    Alpena
                


                2,294
            



                96
            


                    Southgate
                


                2,279
            



                97
            


                    Ada
                


                2,276
            



                98
            


                    Owosso
                


                2,272
            



                99
            


                    Dexter
                


                2,263
            



                100
            


                    Harrison Township
                


                2,247
            



                101
            


                    Flushing
                


                2,245
            



                102
            


                    Garden City
                


                2,198
            



                103
            


                    Jenison
                


                2,176
            



                104
            


                    Lincoln Park
                


                2,144
            



                105
            


                    Coldwater
                


                2,126
            



                106
            


                    Holly
                


                2,090
            



                107
            


                    Cadillac
                


                2,085
            



                108
            


                    Byron Center
                


                2,066
            



                109
            


                    Caledonia
                


                2,058
            



                110
            


                    Wyandotte
                


                2,044
            



                111
            


                    Spring Lake
                


                1,941
            



                112
            


                    Charlotte
                


                1,929
            



                113
            


                    Mason
                


                1,927
            



                114
            


                    Highland
                


                1,903
            



                115
            


                    Ludington
                


                1,843
            



                116
            


                    Fraser
                


                1,841
            



                117
            


                    Berkley
                


                1,827
            



                118
            


                    Highland Park
                


                1,784
            



                119
            


                    Escanaba
                


                1,770
            



                120
            


                    Grand Ledge
                


                1,757
            



                121
            


                    Swartz Creek
                


                1,753
            



                122
            


                    Clio
                


                1,707
            



                123
            


                    Sault Sainte Marie
                


                1,686
            



                124
            


                    Three Rivers
                


                1,666
            



                125
            


                    Holt
                


                1,654
            



                126
            


                    Pinckney
                


                1,637
            



                127
            


                    Sturgis
                


                1,622
            



                128
            


                    Marshall
                


                1,601
            



                129
            


                    Comstock Park
                


                1,591
            



                130
            


                    Hastings
                


                1,584
            



                131
            


                    Wayne
                


                1,578
            



                132
            


                    Chelsea
                


                1,559
            



                133
            


                    Dewitt
                


                1,557
            



                134
            


                    Greenville
                


                1,555
            



                135
            


                    Inkster
                


                1,548
            



                136
            


                    Lowell
                


                1,518
            



                137
            


                    Hamtramck
                


                1,513
            



                138
            


                    Ortonville
                


                1,505
            



                139
            


                    South Haven
                


                1,501
            



                140
            


                    Harper Woods
                


                1,485
            



                141
            


                    Saint Johns
                


                1,484
            



                142
            


                    Allegan
                


                1,481
            



                143
            


                    Gaylord
                


                1,481
            



                144
            


                    Big Rapids
                


                1,476
            



                145
            


                    Cheboygan
                


                1,465
            



                146
            


                    Hazel Park
                


                1,439
            



                147
            


                    Charlevoix
                


                1,437
            



                148
            


                    Flat Rock
                


                1,430
            



                149
            


                    Clawson
                


                1,425
            



                150
            


                    Whitmore Lake
                


                1,380
            



                151
            


                    Paw Paw
                


                1,377
            



                152
            


                    Fort Gratiot
                


                1,357
            



                153
            


                    Eaton Rapids
                


                1,351
            



                154
            


                    Harbor Springs
                


                1,340
            



                155
            


                    Chesterfield
                


                1,335
            



                156
            


                    Linden
                


                1,335
            



                157
            


                    Mount Morris
                


                1,325
            



                158
            


                    Manistee
                


                1,317
            



                159
            


                    Iron Mountain
                


                1,314
            



                160
            


                    Hillsdale
                


                1,304
            



                161
            


                    West Branch
                


                1,304
            



                162
            


                    Temperance
                


                1,302
            



                163
            


                    Plainwell
                


                1,297
            



                164
            


                    Williamston
                


                1,277
            



                165
            


                    Tecumseh
                


                1,268
            



                166
            


                    Gladwin
                


                1,257
            



                167
            


                    Grosse Ile
                


                1,245
            



                168
            


                    Saint Clair
                


                1,223
            



                169
            


                    Fowlerville
                


                1,214
            



                170
            


                    Dowagiac
                


                1,198
            



                171
            


                    Caro
                


                1,182
            



                172
            


                    Cedar Springs
                


                1,174
            



                173
            


                    Romeo
                


                1,159
            



                174
            


                    Milan
                


                1,154
            



                175
            


                    Ionia
                


                1,153
            



                176
            


                    Sparta
                


                1,147
            



                177
            


                    Fremont
                


                1,133
            



                178
            


                    Freeland
                


                1,122
            



                179
            


                    Alma
                


                1,108
            



                180
            


                    Riverview
                


                1,105
            



                181
            


                    Haslett
                


                1,073
            



                182
            


                    Wayland
                


                1,044
            



                183
            


                    Stevensville
                


                1,040
            



                184
            


                    Albion
                


                1,016
            



                185
            


                    Berrien Springs
                


                1,006
            



                186
            


                    Brooklyn
                


                1,006
            



                187
            


                    Grayling
                


                992
            



                188
            


                    Allendale
                


                976
            



                189
            


                    Clare
                


                970
            



                190
            


                    Richmond
                


                965
            



                191
            


                    Vicksburg
                


                951
            



                192
            


                    Frankenmuth
                


                950
            



                193
            


                    Newaygo
                


                936
            



                194
            


                    Marysville
                


                933
            



                195
            


                    Metamora
                


                931
            



                196
            


                    Menominee
                


                930
            



                197
            


                    Belmont
                


                916
            



                198
            


                    Harrison
                


                912
            



                199
            


                    Imlay City
                


                896
            



                200
            


                    Boyne City
                


                894
            



                201
            


                    Williamsburg
                


                886
            



                202
            


                    Kalkaska
                


                881
            



                203
            


                    Roscommon
                


                881
            



                204
            


                    Keego Harbor
                


                879
            



                205
            


                    Manchester
                


                867
            



                206
            


                    Houghton Lake
                


                866
            



                207
            


                    Bad Axe
                


                863
            



                208
            


                    Middleville
                


                861
            



                209
            


                    Buchanan
                


                855
            



                210
            


                    Oscoda
                


                853
            



                211
            


                    Coloma
                


                852
            



                212
            


                    Richland
                


                848
            



                213
            


                    Belding
                


                847
            



                214
            


                    New Hudson
                


                836
            



                215
            


                    Rockwood
                


                835
            



                216
            


                    Whitehall
                


                830
            



                217
            


                    Davisburg
                


                828
            



                218
            


                    Mattawan
                


                821
            



                219
            


                    Birch Run
                


                819
            



                220
            


                    New Boston
                


                816
            



                221
            


                    Houghton
                


                814
            



                222
            


                    Durand
                


                805
            



                223
            


                    Algonac
                


                803
            



                224
            


                    Grass Lake
                


                802
            



                225
            


                    Lambertville
                


                801
            



                226
            


                    Ishpeming
                


                794
            



                227
            


                    Huntington Woods
                


                789
            



                228
            


                    Bingham Farms
                


                782
            



                229
            


                    Coopersville
                


                775
            



                230
            


                    Carleton
                


                773
            



                231
            


                    New Buffalo
                


                770
            



                232
            


                    Edwardsburg
                


                768
            



                233
            


                    Center Line
                


                765
            



                234
            


                    Portland
                


                756
            



                235
            


                    Alto
                


                752
            



                236
            


                    Hartland
                


                752
            



                237
            


                    Norton Shores
                


                749
            



                238
            


                    Marine City
                


                744
            



                239
            


                    Melvindale
                


                729
            



                240
            


                    Ironwood
                


                717
            



                241
            


                    Vassar
                


                711
            



                242
            


                    West Olive
                


                711
            



                243
            


                    Fennville
                


                710
            



                244
            


                    Gladstone
                


                710
            



                245
            


                    Cassopolis
                


                709
            



                246
            


                    Essexville
                


                701
            



                247
            


                    Sandusky
                


                700
            



                248
            


                    Dorr
                


                684
            



                249
            


                    Kentwood
                


                683
            



                250
            


                    Beaverton
                


                680
            



                251
            


                    Goodrich
                


                679
            



                252
            


                    Schoolcraft
                


                679
            



                253
            


                    Suttons Bay
                


                674
            



                254
            


                    Millington
                


                670
            



                255
            


                    Sanford
                


                662
            



                256
            


                    Otsego
                


                659
            



                257
            


                    New Haven
                


                654
            



                258
            


                    Interlochen
                


                648
            



                259
            


                    Hamilton
                


                647
            



                260
            


                    Perry
                


                640
            



                261
            


                    Bellaire
                


                639
            



                262
            


                    Dundee
                


                639
            



                263
            


                    Twin Lake
                


                636
            



                264
            


                    Hart
                


                635
            



                265
            


                    Mio
                


                634
            



                266
            


                    Calumet
                


                633
            



                267
            


                    Saugatuck
                


                622
            



                268
            


                    Pinconning
                


                621
            



                269
            


                    Lake City
                


                615
            



                270
            


                    Chesaning
                


                612
            



                271
            


                    Laingsburg
                


                612
            



                272
            


                    Montague
                


                612
            



                273
            


                    Iron River
                


                607
            



                274
            


                    East Jordan
                


                606
            



                275
            


                    Delton
                


                605
            



                276
            


                    Fruitport
                


                605
            



                277
            


                    Grant
                


                604
            



                278
            


                    Ithaca
                


                604
            



                279
            


                    Hancock
                


                600
            



                280
            


                    Almont
                


                596
            



                281
            


                    Howard City
                


                596
            



                282
            


                    Blissfield
                


                595
            



                283
            


                    Newport
                


                595
            



                284
            


                    Negaunee
                


                590
            



                285
            


                    Kingsley
                


                587
            



                286
            


                    Oakland
                


                586
            



                287
            


                    Galesburg
                


                583
            



                288
            


                    Standish
                


                583
            



                289
            


                    Smiths Creek
                


                582
            



                290
            


                    Onsted
                


                577
            



                291
            


                    Montrose
                


                576
            



                292
            


                    Reed City
                


                571
            



                293
            


                    Bloomfield
                


                570
            



                294
            


                    Kingsford
                


                570
            



                295
            


                    Jonesville
                


                568
            



                296
            


                    East China
                


                562
            



                297
            


                    Armada
                


                554
            



                298
            


                    Marlette
                


                554
            



                299
            


                    North Branch
                


                554
            



                300
            


                    Mancelona
                


                547
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.














