




Steven D. Cosler - Co-Founder at Elevate Indianapolis



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Steven D. Cosler
Co-Founder at Elevate Indianapolis



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Public Holdings 


Steven D. Cosler
Co-Founder at Elevate Indianapolis



 Overview



Age



62
                                  (Born 1955)
                                              




Notable Companies


Priority Healthcare Corp.

Elevate Indianapolis

Elevate Orlando




Board Seats



18





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 414 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Marketline Newswire
August 26, 2016





                        National Retail Properties appoints two new board members                    





PR Newswire
May 14, 2014





                        Catamaran Holds Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders                    





Business Wire
April 3, 2014





                        Walgreens and Water Street Announce Agreement to Merge Take Care Employer Solutions with CHS to Form a New Worksite Health Company                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Ned H. Villers

Partner at Water Street Healthcare Partners LLC




Steven J. Shulman

Co-Founder at Quartet Health, Inc.





John S. Watts, Jr.

Executive Chairman at HealthPlan Holdings, Inc.




Michael Mirt

Executive Advisor at Water Street Healthcare Partners LLC





Anthony R. Masso

Former President & Chief Executive Officer at Consortium Health Plans, Inc.




Julian Whitehurst

President & Chief Executive Officer at National Retail Properties, Inc.





Kevin B. Habicht

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer at National Retail Properties, Inc.




Stephen B. Paige

Former Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel at Gentiva Health Services, Inc.





Ed Fritsch

Chief Executive Officer at Highwoods Properties, Inc.




Max Mishkin

Principal at Water Street Healthcare Partners LLC







See 404 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 404 More 


 


 Paths to Steven D. Cosler



            Steven D. Cosler          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Steven D. Cosler






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Steven D. Cosler.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



BS in Industrial Management 


Purdue University

                  Purdue University, located in West Lafayette, Indiana, is the flagship university of the six-campus Purdue University system. Purdue was founded on May 6, 1869, as a land-grant university when the Indiana General Assembly, taking advantage of the Morrill Act, accepted a donation of land and money from Lafayette businessman John Purdue to establish a college of science, technology, and agriculture in his name. The first classes were held on September 16, 1874, with six instructors and 39 students.

The university was founded with the gift of $150,000 from John Purdue, a Lafayette business leader and philanthropist, along with $50,000 from Tippecanoe County, and 150 acres (0.6 km²) of land from Lafayette residents in support of the project. In 1869, it was decided that the new school would be built near the city of Lafayette and established as Purdue University, in the name of the institution’s principal benefactor.

The West Lafayette campus offers more than 200 majors for undergraduates, over 70 master’s and doctoral programs, and professional degrees in pharmacy and veterinary medicine. In addition, Purdue has 18 intercollegiate sports teams and more than 850 student organizations. Today, Purdue is a member of the Big Ten Conference. Purdue enrolls the second largest student body of any university in Indiana as well as the fourth largest international student population of any university in the United States.                





 Career History



Co-Founder

                                    Current                


Elevate Indianapolis






Operating Partner

                                    Current                


Water Street Healthcare Partners LLC


                  Water Street Healthcare Partners focuses exclusively on investments in the healthcare sector. The firm invests in middle-market companies and lower-priority divisions of global companies in the following areas: diagnostic devices, medical products, pharmaceutical services, specialty distribution, specialty pharmaceuticals and specialty services. Water Street does not invest in biotechnology, traditional healthcare facilities such as hospitals or nursing homes or in early-stage companies without positive cash flow. They firm looks for companies with: (1) a leading market share (2) established brands and/or strong customer relationships (3) strong sales and distribution capabilities (4) platforms with the potential for expansion into new products, services and technologies and (5) management teams interested in retaining an ownership stake. Investments typically range from $50 million to $500 million.                




Fund Advisor

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Guggenheim Partners Investment Management LLC


                  Guggenheim Investments is the investment management business of Guggenheim Partners. We have a long, distinguished history of serving institutional investors, ultra-high-net-worth individuals, family offices and financial intermediaries. We offer clients a wide range of differentiated capabilities built on a proven commitment to investment excellence.

Our business is firmly rooted in the discipline of institutional money management; our DNA is etched with the rigor of managing risk. Each of our investment teams brings a unique expertise and point of view about what drives asset and market behavior and what drives risk and reward. Each of our teams adheres to a strict risk discipline, minding both sides of the risk-reward equation.

Over the years, clients have valued our independence, thought leadership, innovation and a nimbleness not readily found in other major players in the industry. As a privately-owned firm, we are answerable only to our clients and to our commitment to their success.                




Fund Advisor

                                    Prior - 2011                


Claymore Securities, Inc.


                  Claymore Securities manages investments in ETFs, UITs and closed-end funds. The firm manages investments in ETFs that seek to capitalize on the investment potential of both strategic allocation strategies and broad market exposure for the core of a portfolio. Claymore's ETFs track what the firm believes to be best-in-class index providers. Their ETFs represent both domestic and global portfolios that include a variety of style allocations ranging from large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap equity to broad market, aggregate and short-term bonds, among others. Claymore's ETFs can be purchased through most brokerage accounts and can be bought and sold throughout the day on the AMEX or NYSE Arca.The firm offers over 40 unit investment trusts (UITs) across a variety of asset classes including: (1) domestic equity (2) global equity (3) taxable fixed-income (3) municipal fixed-income (4) theme-based (5) sector-based and (6) multi-asset. Claymore's UITs are each created based on a stated investment objective. The trust sponsor selects the securities for and determines the mandatory life of the trust.Claymore also offers a variety of strategies available through closed-end fund structures. The firm's closed-end funds are listed on the NYSE and encompass a variety of investment strategies for income-oriented investors. These strategies include covered calls, convertible securities, municipal bonds, preferred stocks and equity income portfolios, among others.Though not limited by sector, Claymore tends to invest in the stocks of companies in the finance, energy minerals, non-energy minerals, manufacturing and industrial sectors. The firm invests globally, across all market-caps. Claymore maintains a low turnover rate.                




Chief Executive Officer

                                    1996 - 2005                


Priority Healthcare Corp.


                  Priority Healthcare Corp. distributes pharmaceuticals and related medical products. The company provides biopharmaceuticals, medical, and complementary support services tailored to the individual needs of the customers and patients. The company offers its services in different parts of United States. The company was founded by  William E. Bindley on June 23, 1994 and is headquartered in Lake Mary, FL.                




Co-Founder

                                    Prior                


Elevate Orlando






Executive Positions

                                    Prior                


CoreSource, Inc.


                  CoreSource, Inc. provides full service national health benefits programs. It offers benefit integrators and third party administrators, serving self-insured companies with local market knowledge backed by national resources, delivered with a personal touch. The company was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Lake Forest, IL.                




Principal

                                    Prior                


First Benefit Corporation






Senior Vice President

                                    Prior                


Bindley Western Industries, Inc.


                  Bindley Western Industries, Inc. provided pharmaceutical products for healthcare companies around the globe. The company was founded in 1968 by William E. Bindley and was headquartered in Indianapolis, IN.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


International Business Machines Corporation


                  The International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) is an American multinational technology and consulting corporation, with headquarters in Armonk, New York, United States. IBM manufactures and markets computer hardware and software, and offers infrastructure, hosting and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2016 - Current                  


National Retail Properties, Inc.

                    National Retail Properties (NYSE: NNN), a real estate investment trust, invests in single-tenant retail properties generally subject to long-term, net leases.

As one of only 104 out of the more than 10,000 publicly-traded companies that have increased annual dividends for 23 or more consecutive years, we are a powerful partner for our retail customers and a proven investment for our shareholders. The average annual total return to shareholders has been 13.3% over the past 20 years.

We own a diversified portfolio of 1,622 freestanding retail properties in 47 states with a total gross leasable area of approximately 19.2 million square feet. These properties are leased to more than 300 tenants in 36 industry classifications.

A net lease generally places substantial financial and operating responsibilities of property ownership, maintenance and use on the tenant rather than the landlord. Our leases typically provide for attractive initial yields and potential growth in cash flow through a combination of base rents and periodic increases in these base rents and/or percentage rents based upon tenant sales                  




Chairman, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Elevate Indianapolis






Director

                    Current                  


NCH Management Systems, Inc.

                    NCH Management Systems, Inc. provides care management solutions which focuses on oncology and cardiology. It specializes in Specialty care management solutions, Leveraging technology and evidence-based medicine, Oncology, Cardiology, Maximizing treatment effectiveness, Reducing treatment variability, Improving clinical outcomes, Optimizing cost-effectiveness. The company was founded by Christopher Nee and Joseph M. Perez in 2002 and is headquartered in Wellesley, MA.                  




Lead Independent Director

                    Current                  


Coast Catamaran Corporation






Director

                    Prior - 2010                  


Gentiva CareCentrix, Inc.

                    CareCentrix was founded in 1996 as a division of Gentiva Health Services. In 2008, the firm partnered with Water Street Healthcare Partners, a leading private equity firm focused exclusively on health care, to become a standalone company. The firm is investing significant resources to create expanded services that will deliver greater value to health care providers, plans and patients.CareCentrix has earned a reputation for excellence by supporting health care plans and providers with meeting the home health needs of their patients for more than 15 years. The company believes that it can make even more of an impact by partnering with providers and payers in new ways that use home health care as a primary tool for helping people to manage their health.                  




Director

                    2008 - Prior                  


HealthPlan Holdings, Inc.

                    HealthPlan Holdings, Inc. provides business process outsourcing and distribution support services. It also provides business process outsourcing including distribution, enrollment, administration, customer support and retention services to insurers in the individual, small business, union trust and voluntary benefits markets. The company was founded in 1970 and is headquartered in Tampa, FL.                  




Director

                    2008 - Prior                  


CareCentrix, Inc.

                    CareCentrix, Inc. provides home health solutions. It provides services including coordination of home nursing, home infusion and home medical equipment. The company offers program to help people manage sleep disorders at home through its sleep management solutions division. It also provides home health benefit management and hospital readmission reduction program. CareCentrix was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Hartford, CT.                  




Lead Director, Board of Directors

                    2007 - 2015                  


Catamaran Corp.

                    Catamaran specializes in emerging markets and prides itself on being a high quality Research provider. Catamaran has built an extensive infrastructure to provide the best capabilities and service for its clients. Additionally, Catamaran has developed a very strong relationship ecosystem that includes brokers, analysts and fund managers, all of whom are invaluable in assisting us to identify, source, and analyze opportunities. This infrastructure and ecosystem has been built over the foundation of several decades of experience of its management team.

Catamaran continues to be trusted to several entities in the financial community. A combination of unique insight, application of sound ideas, and a high degree of ethics makes Catamaran an ideal partner for those interested in capitalizing upon the explosive growth in the emerging markets. Catamaran supports Research and Advisory, Execution management, Position tracking, Fund evaluation, Fund monitoring, Fund accounting, Compliance monitoring, NAV Reporting, Financial reporting. Catamaran Product and Service offerings include Portfolio Management and Reporting Services, Designing of Trading & Monitoring Models and also provide IT Solutions for Capital Market and other Financial Sectors.                  




Director

                    2006 - 2010                  


CCS Medical, Inc.

                    CCS Medical, Inc. provides healthcare products and services. It also provides mail-order delivery of medical supplies to treat diabetes, pulmonary disease, incontinence, and respiratory illnesses. The company was founded in 2006 and is located in Melbourne, FL.                  




Director

                    2005 - Prior                  


CyDex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                    CyDex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. provides pharmaceutical discovery, development and manufacturing services. Its product Captisol is a polyanionic beta-cyclodextrin derivative with a sodium sulfonate salt separated from the lipophilic cavity by a butyl ether spacer group, or sulfobutylether (SBE). The firm engages in technology with substantial characterization, safety documentation and regulatory review. The company was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.                  




Director

                    2001 - Prior                  


CIMA Labs, Inc.

                    CIMA Labs, Inc. develops and manufactures prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceutical products using fast-dissolve drug delivery technologies. It develops orally disintegrating technology based OraSolv and DuraSolv tablets. It also develops tranmucosal tablets that can be administered sublingually. The company is headquartered in Brooklyn Park, MN.                  




Chairman

                    Prior                  


Access MediQuip LLC

                    Access MediQuip LLC provides implantable device management services to the healthcare market. The firm works with payers, manufacturers and providers to manage the acquisition, financing, delivery and reimbursement of implantable medical devices such as orthopedic and spinal implants. The company was founded by William J. Carmer in 1997 and is headquartered in Lake Mary, FL.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


The Access Group LLC

                    The Access Group LLC, part of TranSystems Corp., is an American company located in Gallatin, TN. The firm provides business, manufacturing, and engineering services. On 04 Mar 09 TranSystems Corp. acquired The Access Group LLC .                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Prior                  


Claymore Securities, Inc.

                    Claymore Securities manages investments in ETFs, UITs and closed-end funds. The firm manages investments in ETFs that seek to capitalize on the investment potential of both strategic allocation strategies and broad market exposure for the core of a portfolio. Claymore's ETFs track what the firm believes to be best-in-class index providers. Their ETFs represent both domestic and global portfolios that include a variety of style allocations ranging from large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap equity to broad market, aggregate and short-term bonds, among others. Claymore's ETFs can be purchased through most brokerage accounts and can be bought and sold throughout the day on the AMEX or NYSE Arca.The firm offers over 40 unit investment trusts (UITs) across a variety of asset classes including: (1) domestic equity (2) global equity (3) taxable fixed-income (3) municipal fixed-income (4) theme-based (5) sector-based and (6) multi-asset. Claymore's UITs are each created based on a stated investment objective. The trust sponsor selects the securities for and determines the mandatory life of the trust.Claymore also offers a variety of strategies available through closed-end fund structures. The firm's closed-end funds are listed on the NYSE and encompass a variety of investment strategies for income-oriented investors. These strategies include covered calls, convertible securities, municipal bonds, preferred stocks and equity income portfolios, among others.Though not limited by sector, Claymore tends to invest in the stocks of companies in the finance, energy minerals, non-energy minerals, manufacturing and industrial sectors. The firm invests globally, across all market-caps. Claymore maintains a low turnover rate.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


ELAP Services LLC

                    ELAP Services LLC provides assistance to the employers in developing a transparent, rational method of reimbursing medical providers. It offers plan design, claims audit, member advocacy & defense, designated decision maker and direct contract services. The company was founded by Steve Kelly and Woody Waters in 2003 and is headquartered in Wayne, PA.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Premise Health Holding Corp.

                    Premise Health Holding Corp. operates as a leading worksite health and patient engagement company. The firm offers patient-centered medical home, primary care, occupational health, pharmacy, radiology, dental care, health coaching and wellness, absence management, chiropractic and acupuncture and telemedicine services. The company is headquartered in Brentwood, TN.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Chairman

                    Prior                  


Elevate Orlando






Director

                    Prior                  


Opportunity International, Inc.

                    Opportunity International, Inc. operates as a non profit organization that provides small business loans, savings, insurance and training. The firm’s focus areas are agriculture, education and technology. The company was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Chicago, IL.                  





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$5,000 - $7,499

                  2009
                


Sigma Chi Foundation


                  PROMOTE HIGHER EDUCATION                




$5,000 - $7,499

                  2009
                


Sigma Chi Canadian Foundation







$1,000 +

                  2008
                


Sigma Chi Foundation


                  PROMOTE HIGHER EDUCATION                




$5,000 - $7,499

                  2007
                


Sigma Chi Foundation


                  PROMOTE HIGHER EDUCATION                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Steven D. Cosler is affiliated with
                            Elevate Indianapolis, Water Street Healthcare Partners LLC, Guggenheim Partners Investment Management LLC, Claymore Securities, Inc., Priority Healthcare Corp., Elevate Orlando, CoreSource, Inc., First Benefit Corporation, Bindley Western Industries, Inc., International Business Machines Corporation, National Retail Properties, Inc., Elevate Indianapolis, NCH Management Systems, Inc., Coast Catamaran Corporation, Gentiva CareCentrix, Inc., HealthPlan Holdings, Inc., CareCentrix, Inc., Catamaran Corp., CCS Medical, Inc., CyDex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., CIMA Labs, Inc., Access MediQuip LLC, The Access Group LLC, Claymore Securities, Inc., ELAP Services LLC, Premise Health Holding Corp., Elevate Orlando, Opportunity International, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Steven D. Cosler: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 8:58 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Water Street Healthcare Partners



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Steven D. Cosler  Operating Partner, Water Street Healthcare PartnersAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 8 Board Members in 8 different organizations across 17 different industries.See Board Relationships61--
Background

		Mr. Steven D. Cosler, also known as Steve, is an Operating Partner at Water Street Healthcare Partners. Mr. Cosler served as Senior Vice President of Cardinal Health 100, Inc. He served at International Business Machines Corporation. He served as an Executive of CoreSource, Inc. Mr. Cosler has a wide-ranging executive management background. He also held senior management positions at CoreSource. Mr. Cosler served as the President and Chief Executive Officer at Priority ... Healthcare Corp. since March 2001 and January 2002 respectively, where he led its pharmacy services business and the successful initial public offering from Bindley Western Industries as well as strategic initiatives that contributed to its robust growth and ultimate sale to Express Scripts. He served as Chief Operating Officer of Priority Healthcare Corporation from January 2000 to January 2002. At Priority Healthcare Corporation, Mr. Cosler served as an Executive Vice President from January 2000 to March 2001 and Executive Vice President of Pharmacy Division from August 1997 to January 2000 and Senior Vice President and General Manager at Priority Healthcare Services Corporation from July 1996 to July 1997. He served as an Executive with First Benefit Corporation, where he was instrumental in leading its merger with CoreSource. Mr. Cosler was employed at IBM Corporation, where he had an extensive management career. He has over 16 years of management and significant operating experience, including a comprehensive understanding of many of the key healthcare segments such as specialty pharmacy, specialty distribution and outsourced payer and pharmaceutical service. He serves as the Chairman of New Century Health Quality Alliance, Inc. He also co-founded and serves as Chairman of Elevate Orlando. Among his civic contributions, Mr. Cosler co-founded and serves as the Chairman of Elevate Indianapolis. He served as the Chairman and Director of Access Mediquip, Inc. since January 2009 Mr. Cosler serves as Lead Independent Director of SXC Health Solutions Inc. He has been an Independent Director of National Retail Properties, Inc. since August 19, 2016. He serves several privately held healthcare companies including CCS Medical, Inc., Claymore Securities and SXC Health Solutions Inc. He serves as Director of Premise Health; The Access Group; Zenith American Solutions; SXC Health Solutions Inc.; HealthPlan Holdings, Inc.; CHS & Take Care; Opportunity International Inc.; and Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC. He served as the Lead Independent Director of Catamaran Corporation since March 9, 2011 and served as its Director since August 1, 2007. He served as a Director of CyDex Pharmaceuticals Inc. since January 2005 and CCS Medical Holdings, Inc. since 2006. Mr. Cosler served as a Director of CIMA Labs Inc. since October 2001 and Priority Healthcare Corp. since February 2000. He served as a Director of CareCentrix, Inc. since September 2008. Mr. Cosler served as an Independent Trustee of Ts&w/Claymore Tax-advantaged Balanced Fund since 2005. He served as Independent Trustee of Guggenheim Funds Trust - Guggenheim Municipal Income Fund and Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Income Fund since 2005. Mr. Cosler has a B.S. in Industrial Management from Purdue University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
444 West Lake StreetChicago, Illinois 60606United StatesPhone: 312-506-2900Fax: 312-506-2901
Board Members Memberships
DirectorHealthPlan Holdings, Inc.Lead Independent DirectorSXC Health Solutions, Inc.DirectorOpportunity International Inc.ChairmanNew Century Health Quality Alliance, Inc.DirectorGuggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC2007-PresentLead Independent DirectorCatamaran Corporation2009-PresentDirectorAccess MediQuip, LLC2016-PresentIndependent DirectorNational Retail Properties, Inc.
Education
BS Purdue University
Other Affiliations
CoreSource, Inc.CIMA LABS INC.International Business Machines CorporationCatamaran CorporationCardinal Health 100, Inc.National Retail Properties, Inc.Priority Healthcare CorporationCyDex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.HealthPlan Holdings, Inc.Chesapeake Infusion LLCPurdue UniversitySXC Health Solutions, Inc.Opportunity International Inc.New Century Health Quality Alliance, Inc.CareCentrix, Inc.Guggenheim Funds Trust - Guggenheim Municipal Income FundGuggenheim Funds Distributors, LLCGuggenheim Enhanced Equity Income FundAccess MediQuip, LLCCCS Medical Holdings, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Water Street Healthcare Partners, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close















































 



 Pamela K. M. Beall and Steven D. Cosler Appointed to Board of Directors of National Retail 
         










    










 













 











 



















Pamela K. M. Beall and Steven D. Cosler Appointed to Board of Directors of National Retail Properties, Inc.
        																																						
              











 News provided by
National Retail Properties, Inc.  
Aug 19, 2016, 08:30 ET









 Share this article




























































ORLANDO, Fla., Aug. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- National Retail Properties, Inc. (NYSE:   NNN), a real estate investment trust, today announced that Pamela K. M. Beall and Steven D. Cosler were appointed to the Board of Directors.
"We are excited to add Pam and Steve to our Board.  Pam's financial expertise and Steve's extensive management experience will make each of them an excellent addition.  They both bring a broad depth of business skill and prior board experience that will complement our other directors," said Craig Macnab, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.








Ms. Beall has an extensive background in finance and corporate risk.  She is Executive Vice President Corporate Planning and Strategy of MPLX LP and is a director on the board of its general partner, MPLX GP LLC., a subsidiary of Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC), which is a Fortune 50 public company.  MPLX LP, a publicly traded master limited partnership, is one of the largest petroleum pipeline companies and natural gas processors in the United States.  Previously, she held the positions of Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning, Government and Public Affairs of MPC and President of MPLX.  Ms. Beall currently serves on the board of trustees of the University of Findlay, and as a member of the executive, audit, business affairs and capital campaign committees.  Ms. Beall received a Bachelor of Science, Accounting degree from the University of Findlay, and a Master of Business Administration from Bowling Green State University, and is a non-practicing Certified Public Accountant.
Mr. Cosler has a wide-ranging executive management background.  He is an Operating Partner with Water Street Healthcare Partners, a private equity firm focused exclusively on the healthcare industry.  Prior to Water Street, Mr. Cosler was President and Chief Executive Officer of Priority Healthcare Corporation, a Fortune 1000 company that distributed and managed biopharmaceutical therapies until its acquisition by Express Scripts.  He also held executive positions with CoreSource, Inc., one of the nation's largest healthcare administrators and achieved a distinguished career at IBM Corporation.  Mr. Cosler currently serves as a director on four Water Street portfolio company boards, including New Century Health where he serves as Chairman.   He also served as lead director of Catamaran Corporation, one of the largest pharmacy benefit managers in the healthcare industry until its acquisition by United Healthcare in July, 2015.  Among his civic contributions, Mr. Cosler co-founded and serves as the Chairman of Elevate Indianapolis, a non-profit organization focused on advancing urban youth.  He received a Bachelor's degree in Industrial Management from Purdue University.
National Retail Properties invests primarily in high-quality retail properties subject generally to long-term, net leases.  As of June 30, 2016, the company owned 2,452 properties in 48 states with a gross leasable area of approximately 26.3 million square feet and a weighted average remaining lease term of 11.4 years.  For more information on the company, visit www.nnnreit.com.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pamela-k-m-beall-and-steven-d-cosler-appointed-to-board-of-directors-of-national-retail-properties-inc-300314355.html
SOURCE  National Retail Properties, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.nnnreit.com



 

















Sep 29, 2016, 16:05 ET
Preview: Craig Macnab To Retire As CEO Of National Retail Properties, Inc.; Julian E. ("Jay") Whitehurst Named As Successor















Aug 15, 2016, 08:30 ET
Preview: National Retail Properties, Inc. Declares Dividends For Its 6.625% Series D Preferred And 5.70% Series E Preferred Stocks






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 14, 2017, 08:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Common Dividend Increased By National Retail Properties, Inc.








 

May 15, 2017, 08:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              National Retail Properties, Inc. Declares Dividends For Its 5.70%...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
  Real Estate
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Pamela K. M. Beall and Steven D. Cosler Appointed to Board of Directors of National Retail Properties, Inc.


 News provided by
National Retail Properties, Inc.  
Aug 19, 2016, 08:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


   Steven Cosler | Water Street Partners LLC | ZoomInfo.com








Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.










Cosler, Steven D. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Steven D. Cosler
STEVEN D. COSLER is President and Chief Executive Officer of Priority
Healthcare Corporation. Mr. Cosler has been President of Priority
Healthcare since March 2001 and Chief Executive Officer since January
2002. Mr. Cosler was Executive Vice President of the company from
January 2000 to March 2001 and Chief Operating Officer from January 2000
to January 2002. From August 1997 to January 2000 he was Executive Vice
President ‘ Pharmacy Services. Prior to that time and since July 1996,
Mr. Cosler was Senior Vice President and General Manager of Priority
Healthcare Services Corporation, a subsidiary of Bindley Western
Industries. Mr. Cosler has served as a Director of the company since
February 2000.
Related Interviews:Steven Cosler - Priority Healthcare Corporation (phcc)June 02, 2004







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














Steven Cosler |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Steven Cosler Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Steven Cosler
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    Steven D. Cosler, 56, has been a director since August, 2007, and was appointed Lead Independent Director on March 9, 2011. Mr. Cosler is currently an... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2007


SXC Health Solutions Corporation

--

                                                United States










Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 




403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




   Steven Cosler | Water Street Partners LLC | ZoomInfo.com