    William Costello | Oracle Corporation | ZoomInfo.com
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




	CASEMART Trademark of COSTELLO, WILLIAM J.. Serial Number: 76369062 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
CASEMART










 
Get FREE email alerts













CASEMART  Trademark Information
 COSTELLO, WILLIAM J.
Distributorships in field of dental supplies




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
distributorships   field   dental   supplies    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CASEMART trademark by COSTELLO, WILLIAM J. 
                                in East Lansing, , 48823.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CASEMART trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner COSTELLO, WILLIAM J. of the CASEMART trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CASEMART trademark.
                           






On Monday, February 11, 2002,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CASEMART by 
                        COSTELLO, WILLIAM J., East Lansing 48823.
                        The USPTO has given the CASEMART 
                        trademark serial  number of  76369062.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for CASEMART is 
                        
                        
                                            ALAN B. SAMLAN of 
                                            KNECHTEL, DEMEUR & SAMLAN,  222 SOULH RIVERSIDE PLAZA, SUITE 1410 CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60606
                                .
                            The CASEMART trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CASEMART 
                            is Distributorships in field of dental supplies. 
                            





Word mark:
 CASEMART


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

1/15/2004






  Serial Number:  
76369062


  Filing Date:  
2/11/2002


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Distributorships in field of dental supplies


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
10/22/2002


Last Applicant/Owner:

COSTELLO, WILLIAM J.East Lansing 48823
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


ALAN B. SAMLAN
KNECHTEL, DEMEUR & SAMLAN
222 SOULH RIVERSIDE PLAZA
SUITE 1410
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60606





 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CASEMART trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/15/2004
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ALAN B. SAMLAN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CASEMART trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search casemart on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CASEMART 




CASEMART is providing Distributorships in field of dental supplies.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















William F. Costello: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:27 AM ET
Internet and Direct Marketing Retail

Company Overview of QVC, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
William F. Costello  Director, QVC, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 1 different industries.See Board Relationships70--
Background

		William F. Costello has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of QVC, Inc. (Formerly QVC Network Inc.) since December 1989. Mr. Costello served as Chief Operating Officer of QVC, Inc., from May 6, 2002 to January 2007 and served as its President of QVC International from 2001 to January 1, 2007. He served as Treasurer of QVC Network Inc. from December 1989 to September 1992. Mr. Costello served as an independent management and financial Consultant, ... since 1988. Prior thereto, he served with Best Products Co. Inc. where Mr. Costello served as President and Chief Operating Officer from March 1988 to November 1988, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from March 1987 to March 1988, and as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1985 to 1987. Mr. Costello has been a Director of QVC Network Inc., since December 1989. He served as Director of Best Products Co., from March 1988 to November 1988. Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1200 Wilson DriveWest Chester, Pennsylvania 19380United StatesPhone: 484-701-1000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
1989-PresentDirectorQVC, Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
				There is no Company Affiliations data available.
			

Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact QVC, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














William F. Costello - Former President at QVC, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





William F. Costello
Former President at QVC, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings 


William F. Costello
Former President at QVC, Inc.



 Overview



Age



70
                                  (Born 1947)
                                              




Notable Companies


Best Products Co., Inc.

QVC International LLC

QVC, Inc.




Board Seats



3





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 4,163 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Judy A. Schmeling

President of Cornerstone Brands & Chief Operating Officer at HSN, Inc.




Michael C. Boyd

Former President & Director at MURT, Inc.





Daniel H. Levy

Former Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Best Products Co., Inc.




Stewart M. Kasen

Former Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at Best Products Co., Inc.





Robert E. R. Huntley

Former President at Washington and Lee University




Arthur C. Martinez

Former Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at Sears, Roebuck & Co.





John B. Morse, Jr.

Former Senior Vice President of Finance & Chief Financial Officer at Graham Holdings Co.




Fiona P. Diaz

Principal Digital Partner at Ryan Retail Consulting LLC





Patrick Bousquet-Chavanne

Executive Director, Marketing Director at Marks & Spencer Group Plc




Thomas J. McInerney

Chief Executive Officer & Director at Altaba, Inc.







See 4,153 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 4,153 More 


 


 Paths to William F. Costello



            William F. Costello          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 William F. Costello






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with William F. Costello.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Master's in Business Administration 


Michigan State University - Eli Broad College of Business

                  Eli Broad College of Business is a school.                




Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration 


Iona College

                  Iona College is a diverse community of learners and scholars dedicated to academic excellence in the tradition of the Christian Brothers and American Catholic higher education. Their students, faculty, staff and administrators embody the values of justice, peace and service. Together, they share a mission to make a positive impact on the lives of others and to move the world.                





 Career History



President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    2001 - 2002                


QVC International LLC


                  Part of Liberty Interactive Corp., QVC International LLC is a company headquartered in West Chester,. The firm operates as a video and ecommerce retailer.                




President

                                    1987 - 2007                


QVC, Inc.


                  QVC, Inc. markets and sells consumer products through live televised shopping programs. It is retailer of consumer products, which are marketed and sold primarily by merchandise, televised shopping programs, the Internet and mobile applications. The firm offer many QVC-exclusive products, as well as popular brand name and lesser known products available from other retailers and many of its products are endorsed by celebrities, designers and other well-known personalities who often join presenters to personally promote their products and provide lead-in publicity on their own television shows. The company was founded by Joseph M. Segel on June 13, 1986 and is headquartered in West Chester, PA.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    Prior                


Best Products Co., Inc.


                  Best Products Co., Inc. offers category-dominant assortments of jewelry and home furnishings. The home furnishings category includes ready-to-assemble furniture, housewares, tabletop, leisure,juvenile,fitness and electronics. The company was founded in 1691 and is headquartered in Richmond, VA.                




Partner

                                    Prior                


KPMG LLP


                  KPMG LLP provides audit, tax & advisory services. It serves in chemical, healthcare, media, retail, technology, telecommunications and banking industries.  The firm has locations in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, North America and South America. KPMG was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Lieutenant

                                    Prior                


United States Navy


                  The United States Navy (USN) is the naval warfare service branch of the United States Armed Forces and one of the seven uniformed services of the United States. It is larger than the next 13 largest navies combined in terms of battle fleet tonnage, according to one estimate. The U.S. Navy also has the world's largest carrier fleet, with 10 in service, one under construction (two planned), and two in reserve. The service has 317,054 personnel on active duty and 109,671 in the Navy Reserve. It operates 283 ships in active service and more than 3,700 aircraft.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2008 - Current                  


HSN, Inc.

                    HSN, Inc. (Nasdaq: HSNI) is a $3 billion interactive multi-channel retailer with strong direct-to-consumer expertise and operates two business segments, HSN and Cornerstone. HSNi offers an innovative, differentiated retail experience on TV, online, via mobile, in catalogs, and in brick and mortar stores. HSN delivers a curated assortment of exclusive products and top brand names, and broadcasts live 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 364 days a year, reaching approximately 96 million homes. HSN.com is a top 10 most trafficked e-commerce site that creates a unique experience by leveraging content, community and commerce. In addition, HSN is an industry leader in transactional innovation, offering services such as HSN Shop by Remote®, the only service of its kind in the U.S.; mobile applications, including HSN apps for iPad®, iPhone®, Android™; and HSN on Demand®. Cornerstone is comprised of leading home and apparel lifestyle brands, including Ballard Designs, Frontgate, and Garnet Hill. Cornerstone operates eight separate e-commerce sites, distributes more than 300 million catalogs annually, and has 11 retail and outlet stores.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Liberty Interactive Corp.

                    Liberty Interactive Corp. owns interests in subsidiaries and other companies which are primarily engaged in the video and on-line commerce industries. The company's principal businesses and assets include its significant consolidated subsidiaries: QVC, Inc., Backcountry.com, Inc., Bodybuilding.com LLC, CommerceHub and Evite, Inc and its equity affiliates Expedia, Inc., HSN, Inc., FTD Companies, Inc., Interval Leisure Group, Inc. and LendingTree, Inc. QVC markets and sells a wide variety of consumer products primarily through live televised shopping programs distributed to worldwide households. Backcountry operates as an e-retailer for outdoor adventure, cycling, action sports and motorcycle gear and clothing. Bodybuilding is an Internet retailer of sports, fitness, and nutritional supplements. It also hosts an online health-and-fitness publication, offering free fitness content, workout programs, video trainers, recipes and health advice. CommerceHub provides a Software-as-a-Service platform for online retailers and their suppliers (manufacturers, and distributors). The retailers use the company's software to sell products to consumers without physically owning inventory, or managing the fulfillment of those products. Evite provides an online invitation and social event planning service on the web. HSN is an interactive multi-channel retailer with strong direct-to-consumer expertise among its two operating segments, HSN and Cornerstone Brands. HSN offers innovative, differentiated retail experiences on TV, online, mobile, in catalogs, and in bricks-and-mortar stores. Cornerstone Brands comprises home and apparel lifestyle brands, including Ballard Design, Frontgate, Garnet Hill, Grandin Road, Improvements, Chasing Fireflies and Travelsmith. Expedia is an online travel company, empowering business and leisure travelers with the tools and information they need to efficiently research, plan, book and experience travel. FTD is a premier floral and gifting company that provides floral, gift and related products and services to consumers, retail florists, and other retail locations and companies in need of floral and gifting solutions. Interval Leisure Group is a global provider of membership and leisure services to the vacation industry. LendingTree is the owner of several brands and businesses that provide information, tools, advice, products and services for critical transactions in their customers' lives. Liberty Interactive was founded on September 23, 2011 and is headquartered in Englewood, CO.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Best Products Co., Inc.

                    Best Products Co., Inc. offers category-dominant assortments of jewelry and home furnishings. The home furnishings category includes ready-to-assemble furniture, housewares, tabletop, leisure,juvenile,fitness and electronics. The company was founded in 1691 and is headquartered in Richmond, VA.                  





 Political Donations



$1,000

                  1999                


George W. Bush


                  Former President of United States                




$400

                  1996                


Chuck Hagel


                  Former Senator from Nebraska                




$500

                  1994                


Edward J. Markey


                  Representative from Massachusetts's 7th Congressional District                




$1,000

                  1994                


Robert Kerrey


                  Former Governor of Nebraska                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              William F. Costello is affiliated with
                            QVC International LLC, QVC, Inc., Best Products Co., Inc., KPMG LLP, United States Navy, HSN, Inc., Liberty Interactive Corp., Best Products Co., Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















WILLIAM COSTELLO - FAYETTEVILLE, AR - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AR



FAYETTEVILLE



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            WILLIAM COSTELLO
                                    



 





















W 


WILLIAM COSTELLO
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1015 N VALLEY VIEW DR FAYETTEVILLE, AR 72701
Get Directions



(479) 442-5344





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts WILLIAM COSTELLO






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


William Costello was founded in 2011, and is located at 1015 N Valley View Dr in Fayetteville. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























William Costello - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















William Costello
Board Member at HSN, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you William Costello? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William Costello's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William Costello's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William Costello's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William Costello through your network of contacts.
												








William Costello's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
HSN, Inc.


Past
To view William Costello's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
70

 
 


William Costello's Biography



William Costello, 70, has served as a member of the Board of Directors since August 2008. Until his retirement in March 2007, Mr. Costello served in a number of executive positions with QVC, Inc. He joined QVC as its Chief Financial Officer in November 1989, became President of QVC International in July 2001 and Chief Operating Officer in May 2002. Prior to joining QVC, Mr. Costello served as Chief Financial Officer, then Chief Operating Officer and a member of the board of directors of Best Products, a catalog showroom retailer. Prior to joining Best Products, Mr. Costello was a partner at KPMG LLP. Mr. Costello was nominated as a director o ...
(Read More)

			William Costello, 70, has served as a member of the Board of Directors since August 2008. Until his retirement in March 2007, Mr. Costello served in a number of executive positions with QVC, Inc. He joined QVC as its Chief Financial Officer in November 1989, became President of QVC International in July 2001 and Chief Operating Officer in May 2002. Prior to joining QVC, Mr. Costello served as Chief Financial Officer, then Chief Operating Officer and a member of the board of directors of Best Products, a catalog showroom retailer. Prior to joining Best Products, Mr. Costello was a partner at KPMG LLP. Mr. Costello was nominated as a director of HSNi by Liberty Interactive Corporation, our largest shareholder. See "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions-Relationship Between HSNi and Liberty."

Mr. Costello's executive positions with QVC have given him important insight into the area of electronic retailing and his experience with Best Products has given him valuable insight into the catalog business. Mr. Costello's professional experiences as well as his financial acumen enable him to provide significant contributions to the Board of Directors, particularly in the areas of operations and finance. Mr. Costello's professional experiences also enable him to qualify as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined by the SEC.
		
Source: HSN, Inc. on 04/10/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William Costello's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William Costello. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William Costello's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William Costello's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William Costello through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William Costello


















William Costello's Connections (36)





Sign up now to view William Costello's 36 connections »









Gregory J. Henchel
Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, HSN, Inc.









William C. Brand
President, HSN and Chief Marketing Officer, HSN, Inc.









Karen S. Etzkorn
Board Member, Hibbett Sports, Inc.









James M. Follo
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, The New York Times Company









Lisa A. Letizio
Board Member, EVINE Live Inc.









John B. Morse
Board Member, Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.









Mindy F. Grossman
Chief Executive Officer and Director, HSN, Inc.









Judy A. Schmeling
President, Cornerstone Brands, Inc. and Chief Operating Officer, HSN, Inc.









Stephanie A. Kugelman
Board Member, HSN, Inc.









Matthew E. Rubel
Board Member, Hudson's Bay Company








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993























Car & Home Insurance Agency in Groveland, MA & Plaistow, NH






























































Costello Insurance Agency

Friendly, dependable service since 1929








History


Our family – the Costello family – has been in the insurance business for more than 50 years. Our commitment to meeting the insurance and risk management needs of our neighbors now spans three generations. Robert W. Costello, Sr. founded the agency in Bradford, MA in 1954. Robert’s two sons, William J. Costello and Robert W. Costello, Jr., joined him in the late 1970s and together, continued to serve the Bradford area.
In 1983, we decided to expand our business into New Hampshire. We established the Costello New Hampshire Insurance Agency in Exeter, NH.
Emily S. Costello, the third generation of our family and daughter of William Costello, joined the business. William and Emily continue the family business in both their Massachusetts and New Hampshire locations










 

Follow Us 








