


Elizabeth H. Cottrell, Author at RiverwoodWriter








































































RiverwoodWriter
Connect, Create, Communicate: Writing, Publishing, & Customer Connection Tools for Small Business Owners & Solopreneurs

Navigation






Home
About
Services

Freelance Writing & Editing Solutions
Digital & Desktop Publishing Solutions


Portfolio
Products

Custom Printed Products


Elizabeth Recommends

Writing
Publishing
Job Hunting


RiverwoodWriter’s Blog
Contact







You are here: Home › Elizabeth H. Cottrell


About Elizabeth H. Cottrell
		Elizabeth H. Cottrell is a freelance writer, author, social media pro, and digital publisher in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia. She teaches small business clients how to increase visibility and build strong customer relationships. She helps authors get the book out of their head and published. She blogs for writers and authors at RiverwoodWriter.com and for small business owners and solopreneurs at SmallBizSpoken.com. She blogs about the power of connection and note writing at Heartspoken.com.			


Author Archive | Elizabeth H. Cottrell


How I learned to write like James Chartrand*: A Non-Fiction Writing Course Like No OtherBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on August 29, 2015 in Courses/Training, Writing 

New sessions of this course have been running in early spring and early fall each year, with sign-ups usually in January or early February and August. To be notified when registration is open—and to get lots of great free writing tips between now and then—get your name on the course’s email list HERE. Absolutely no obligation.
===================================
In the beginning I could write.
I was a nuts-and-bolts writer for twenty-five years. I did technical writing for an engineering company and medical writing for physicians. For both, I turned obscure terms and concepts into writing a lay person could understand. Subscribers found my home-business content valuable when I wrote for a home-based entrepreneur website. At a local community foundation, I became the go-to person when a written piece needed just the right touch. On a personal level, I’ve always gotten warm feedback from my handwritten notes of thanks, sympathy, or encouragement. I thought I was a decent writer.
Then the blogging bug bit me. 
I started Heartspoken.com and began writing about topics to teach and encourage readers to live their most wholehearted life at any age. To accomplish that, I needed an entirely different result. I wanted to inspire and educate… …but the practical, utilitarian writing of my past was too often flat—and rarely compelling. I hired a proofreader, Karen Sanderson, thinking she would at least save me from embarrassing typos. Her first proofreading job came back covered with comments and red lines. I was horrified! Little did I know she was an accomplished editor who believed in giving extra value by making suggestions beyond correcting mistakes. As I absorbed each comment and saw how her subtle changes added kick and direction to my writing, I came to a startling realization:
I really needed to crank my writing up a few notches!
I thought writing classes were just for imaginative souls who wove characters into fiction plots, so I hadn’t considered there might be a writing course for bloggers or business writers. I found plenty of blogs talking about blogging, though. I signed up for updates from Men with Pens and Copyblogger. I eagerly anticipated posts from James Chartrand, Sonia Simone, Brian Clark, and Jon Morrow. Their writing was strong and compelling; they became my rock stars. It never occurred to me I could learn to write like they do.
Damn fine timing brought me a writing course on steroids.
The next thing I knew (ah, the Universe is a wonderful thing), I received an email from James Chartrand, A-list blogger and founder of Men with Pens, about her writing class called Damn Fine Words.The course description said I would learn how “to create compelling, engaging content… the kind of content that reaches your target market, increases your readership, pulls in new clients, boosts your sales and brings you better success…” Yowzer, this looked good. And that was only the beginning. The course would help me smash writer’s block and teach me how to write quickly and easily on any topic, regardless of my niche. I’d be able to overhaul my website copy, write the ebook that has eluded me, and write marketing copy and newsletters like a pro. But here was the clincher: The course included personal coaching from James Chartrand herself! I couldn’t get to the sign-up form fast enough.
Damn Fine Words delivered!
My classmates included bloggers, entrepreneurs, artists, an attorney, a comedian, a martial arts instructor, and a handwriting analyst. What bound us was a commitment to becoming better communicators, and by course design, we learned from each other as well as from our teacher. Ten weeks and 20 value-packed lessons later, I feel like Superwoman, with a commanding new arsenal of writing weapons that empower me to take charge of my writing. The practical, immediately implementable strategies included learning to:

Create a writing space and ritual that makes me much more productive.
Be clearer on my goal for each piece before I even start writing.
Develop a system for capturing ideas immediately. (I have filled my editorial calendar for months ahead!)
Crank out lots of “shitty first drafts” to ensure a supply of pieces that can be quickly whipped into shape when needed.
Recognize where breaks and formatting add punch and readability.
Spot unsupported statements in my own and others’ writing.
Write with the reader’s needs in mind.

There were highs and lows, to be sure. I got behind in a couple of spots, and I still need to practice, practice, practice. But thanks to James Chartrand’s Damn Fine Words, I write with much more confidence and authority. That makes me a Damned Fine Writer, and you can become one too. This university-level class has been offered twice a year, usually in late winter/early spring and late summer/early fall, so Click here right away to start receiving free information and updates, with absolutely no obligation. These emails alone, from course designer James Chartrand, are loaded with writing tips, tricks, and free information.
Aren’t you just a wee bit curious?
James Chartrand, founder of Men with Pens and creator of Damn Fine Words writing course
This was the best investment I’ve made in myself in years, and if your source of income or your mission in life depends on your ability to communicate clearly and passionately, this could be your best investment too. It costs nothing to learn more about what the course covers, who it’s designed for, and all about James and her staff. Click here NOW. After reading this, you’ll know whether or not the course can help you. All the links to the course here are affiliate links, which means I get a commission if you sign up. If you know me, you know I would never endorse something I didn’t believe in wholeheartedly. I’ll sweeten the pot for you with two offers:

Feel free to call me at 540-436-3969 between 10am and 5pm Eastern Daylight time to ask me any questions you want about my experience with the Damn Fine Words class. Or email me at [email protected]dotcom
Anyone who becomes a paid class member through my affiliate link will get a prize. Just email me your receipt with your name and snail mail address and I’ll send you a gift of personal stationery.

Don’t miss registration for the next session
Don’t wait to find out about this terrific course today. If nothing else, get on the email list and start receiving lots of free writing tips. The class is usually offered twice a year, usually in March and September.
 * James Chartrand founded and owns one of the world’s most respected copywriting and website design companies and its wildly popular blog, Men with Pens.
Top photo credit: “Digital vs Analog” by David Crockett via BigStockPhoto
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 4 } 


Great Resource For Job-Hunting College StudentsBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on October 11, 2013 in Job Hunting 

While I no longer include writing resumés among my business services, I occasionally get calls from former resumé customers or know of young people who ask for help navigating the brave new world of job hunting. There’s so much doom and gloom out there, but someone who is smart and determined and willing to do some groundwork can significantly improve their odds of landing a job that will at least move them in the right direction.
I was recently sent a link to this excellent free guide called “Career Skills You Won’t Learn In School,” written by Teresa Crane, a student researcher for BestCollegesOnline.com. It stood out to me for several reasons:

It’s got a no-nonsense practical approach to the job-hunting process, with small steps that are easy to implement.
It offers a good balance of high-tech and low-tech resources and tips.
It doesn’t forget that job seekers and those who are looking for employees are both human beings, so when you try to put yourself in the other person’s shoes, you might be more successful in making an authentic connection with them.
The job interview tips alone are worth reading the article.
There are details not often found in this kind of article, such as what to expect after your interview and what the types of things you’ll have to be ready to negotiate.
It includes ways to stay active and avoid discouragement while you’re job hunting.

I know there is a line of thought lately that the resumé is a thing of the past. Possibly, but I’d have one anyway. Being prepared is what will give you the edge over someone who’s not.
Let me know in the comments below or on my Facebook business page if you have any other great job-hunting advice to share.
Photo credit: “JOBS” by Svilen Miley from Bulgaria via StockXChng
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 0 } 


6 Tips For Getting The Most Out Of Your ResuméBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on October 1, 2013 in Job Hunting 

The Purpose of a Resumé
The purpose of a well-crafted resumé is to secure an interview. Your resume should stand out from other resumés being examined by a prospective employer. Anyone reading it should be able to easily and quickly identify your most important skills and talents and what you would add to the business or organization if you were hired for that position.
Six Tips for Getting the Most Out of Your Resumé

Be prepared to have at least three references ready to give a prospective employer if they are requested. It’s good to line these up ahead of time. You should not only have their permission to use their name, but also their complete (and preferred) contact information, including email if they have it.
Be prepared to explain any gaps there might be in the chronology of your work experience — perhaps you were raising children or just doing other things, but it’s good to expect questions about this in an interview — also expect questions about why you left various employments.
In general, you should include a cover letter when you submit a resumé unless you’re hand delivering it. Even then, you should have SOMETHING to go with it in case you are unable to see the person who actually will review it. You should always try to be as specific as possible when you write. If you can find out the name of the Human Resources person, for instance, it’s better to address it directly to that person than to just put Dear Sir or Madam. It shows that you went the extra mile.
Before you go for an interview, do as much research as you can about the company–what they do, what their mission is, what their main products or services are, etc., even who their key officers are. If at all possible, try to formulate some specific way you feel you can make a contribution based on what you’ve learned about the company. They will know you have gone to the trouble to look them up and find out about them and that you have given some thought to how you can complement their team.
If you know the name of the person with whom you have an interview, look them up on LinkedIn.com or otherwise try to find out what you can about their own background. You’ll want to strike a balance between being nosy and being interested, but some knowledge may afford you the opportunity to find some friend or some interest you have in common.
Volunteer activities may be included if they were skill-building (e.g., managing a budget, managing a team, etc.). Include numbers, if possible: “Developed and implemented a $100K budget” or “Supervised a team of 25 volunteers to accomplish our goal.” Don’t include work with organizations that might be considered polarizing. Don’t emphasize parenting skills.

Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 0 } 


Looking for Work? Use Your Networks!By Elizabeth H. Cottrell on October 1, 2013 in Job Hunting 

“Use Social Networking To Find Your Next Job” by Kevin Brennfleck and Kay Marie Brennfleck, National Certified Career Counselors and Life Calling Coaches
“How to Use the Social Web to Find Work”  Free e-book by Chris Brogan. Don’t let the old date (2009) on this guide keep you from reaping the valuable information. Chris Brogan is a highly respected and articulate blogger and writer. If you’re looking for work and know your way around the Internet just a bit, this is worth reading.
“10 Smart Ways to Use Social Media in Your Job Search” by Alexis Grant. Tips on several different social media platforms, including recommendations on privacy settings.
“The 10 Best Job-Hunting Secrets of All Time” by Lou Adler. A different take on things that could set you apart.

Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 0 } 


Capture The Life Stories That Must Be Told and RememberedBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on September 7, 2013 in Courses/Training, Writing 

Capture life stories while you can
My 95-year-old father died just two weeks ago, and as friends and family gathered to celebrate his life throughout the week, there were dozens of stories told about him and about the ways, large and small, he touched people’s lives. Born in 1918, a fighter pilot during WWII, he witnessed a remarkable span of world history, and much of his perspective on those things will be lost except those which we had the foresight to preserve on tape or on paper.
I’m so grateful that he recorded some of his memories, and I’m also glad I wrote about him in a blog post last summer called “Life Lessons From A Great Dad.” 
Memories all around us are being lost every second, so I was thrilled to find out that Dennis Becker, a wonderful man whom I met when I attended the NAMS conference last month in Atlanta, has created a remarkable e-course called Writing Life Histories for Fun and Profit and is offering it at the incredible introductory price of $9.95. I have just bought and taken a look at it, and I’m promoting it enthusiastically to anyone who wants to write life histories, either for themselves or for others. If you do nothing more than use his guidelines and interview questions to write your own or a loved one’s family history, you can’t go wrong at this price, especially with Dennis’s 60-day money-back guarantee, but Dennis’s training includes all the material you need to create a business writing life histories for others if you should ever want to do so.
http://www.elizabethrecommends.com/LifeStories
You won’t believe the value in this e-course!
Here’s what you’ll get from this downloadable e-course:

Everything you need to get started as a personal historian!
Learning how easy it is to turn oral interviews into printed, published gold for pennies on the dollar.
Learning how to turn writing simple personal histories into a powerful business for yourself, including the ability to charge hundreds up to thousands or more in some specific situations that you’ll learn inside.
By the time you finish this course, you’ll be able to either write personal histories for your own family’s legacy or for others.

For this small investment of under $10 (Dennis says the introductory price will go up soon), you have the tools to quickly and easily capture these incredible life stories all around you. They’re perfect for helping you write your own life story, and there are many more among your family and friends who have their own priceless stories that area begging to be told. And if you want, you can do this for others as a lucrative writing service.
Time is fleeting!
http://www.elizabethrecommends.com/LifeStories
If you’re a freelance writer, helping capture life stories is a natural service to add to your offerings. Even if you’re not a writer yourself, the interview questions in this e-course can be used to record sessions with your loved ones. Or record your own answers to the questions and get them transcribed for your family and friends.
Click the link above, read more about the course and what it includes, and grab this wonderful e-course “Writing Life Histories for Fun and Profit” now. Because NOW is the best time to start preserving your own memories or those of others.
Back on its golden hinges
 The gate of Memory swings,
 And my heart goes into the garden
And walks with the olden things.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox


Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 0 } 


Outstanding Online Business Membership ProgramBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on June 10, 2013 in Marketing/visibility, Product Info 

You’ve probably heard me raving about the Novice to Advanced Marketing System (NAMS). That’s the workshop David Perdew puts on twice each year in Atlanta. CLICK HERE to see what I wrote about it when I returned from NAMS9 in February, 2013.
Well, he recently launched an online branch of NAMS called MyNams Total Business System (MNTBS), and it’s packed full of incredible training resources. Regardless of where you are in your online business journey, you’ll find help at MyNAMS.com. Click the link below to get details about all the information, videos, training, and tools it includes.
http://elizabethrecommends.com/MNTBS
David has weekly webinars with industry experts, monthly Q & A calls where you can get all your questions answered, private accountability groups, and lots of other things to help ensure your success. While much of the content is for those using affiliate marketing as part of their business model, the resources for ANY small business owner are increasing every day. Just recently, for instance, David had a free speakers talking about website security and another about business legal issues. Other topics have included content creation, e-book writing, publishing on Kindle, and much, much more.
http://elizabethrecommends.com/MNTBS
But the best part is that there are three price levels to support every budget. I’m a lifetime member myself, and I urge you to at least take a look and see what you get.
Let me know if you become a member using my link. I’ll give you a one-time 10% discount on any of my writing, editing, or website critique services. Or a free 30-minute consultation to answer your most pressing social media or website questions.
P.S. Here’s a link to the training that new members get in how to actually use all the features and resources at their disposal.
7-Part Series: How to Use MyNAMS
Without this, you’re getting so much great content that it could be a bit overwhelming to figure out where to start unless you use this guide.
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 0 } 


Women Entrepreneurs: Ignite Your Creative Business SpiritBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on May 17, 2013 in Courses/Training 

Calling all creative women!
…even those who don’t think they’re creative…
Don’t miss Laura West’s complimentary webinar called “Getting to YESSS! 5 Steps to Ignite Your Creative Business Spirit” on Tuesday, May 21, 2013 at 1pm EST.
Find out exactly what she’ll cover here: http://www.elizabethrecommends.com/ignite
Forget the hype
There’s a lot of hype these days about following your passion. “Do what you love and the money will follow.”
It’s all well and good to be inspired or excited by a business idea, but what is usually missing from those advocating such a pursuit is the HOW. It’s not a business unless you make money, but somewhere along the line we’ve heard conflicting messages making us question whether we can do good and make money at the same time.
Last fall, I signed up for a class called The 30-Day Passion Project with Laura West, founder of The Center for Joyful Business, because I wanted some accountability for a project I was working on. What I gained was so much more: a whole community of women discovering that passion, creativity, and real success are not mutually exclusive! Laura, as I learned from a later session with her and from meeting her at the MyNams conference in February, is a remarkably talented and amazingly intuitive business woman who has helped thousands of women figure out how to make a successful, heart-centered business out of something they feel called to do. I’m a proud affiliate of her programs.
Find your own spark and let it ignite your business
Laura West , CPCC
Now she’s offering a free webinar called “Getting to YESSS! 5 Steps to Ignite Your Creative Business Spirit” On Tuesday, May 21, 2013 at 1pm EST.
Learn more and sign up here: http://www.elizabethrecommends.com/ignite
If you feel there are creative juices swirling around but you don’t know how to harness them and turn them into a viable business—or if you just feel you need to crank things up to a higher level—Laura is the person you need to hear. This is a complimentary webinar, and Laura always delivers great insight and value.
Sign up even if you can’t join her live. She almost always records her webinars and makes it available to those who have signed up. That’s what I plan to do since I have a conflict.
P.S. Laura’s next 30-Day Passion Project starts June 3, 2013. Check it out: http://elizabethrecommends.com/passionproject
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 0 } 


Direct Mail + Internet = Modern MarketingBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on May 17, 2013 in Marketing/visibility 

Small business owners used to think of direct mail and the Internet as two distinct marketing channels, but the United States Postal Service (USPS) is trying to bring itself into the 21st century by leveraging the power of mobile technologies and smartphones with direct mail. As reported in the most recent USPS publication MailPro (March/April 2013), “Direct mail marketers are incorporating QR codes, augmented reality, image recognition, and digital watermarks into direct mail pieces, providing consumers with unique experiences, and companies with effective ways to reach them.” CLICK HERE for information on the USPS promotions and incentives.
Registration has closed for the Direct Mail Mobile Coupon/Click-to-Call promotion and the Earned Value Reply Mail Promotion, but click the links below to learn about upcoming promotions and see if they might apply to your business.

Picture Permit Promotion: Registration June 1 to Sept. 30, 2013
Product Samples Promotion: August 1 to Sept. 30, 2013
Emerging Technologies Promotion

For more information, USPS offers a free PDF download called “A Marketer’s How-To-Guide to Using Direct Mail.”
If you’ve used direct mail or other USPS services effectively, let us know in the comments below. Other small business owners would appreciate knowing about your experience.
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 2 } 


Smartphone Pics Post Privacy RiskBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on May 15, 2013 in Facebook, Social Media 

I am not usually an alarmist, but this news report was scary about how easy it is to track the location and private information of people (including our children) whose pictures we take with our iPhones or iPads and post to Facebook or other picture-sharing sites. Watch to the end to find out exactly how to turn off the GPS-location function with your photos without losing your desired mapping function.

Thank you to my friend and nurse-midwife Barbara Kirkland for sharing this video.
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 0 } 


Offline Ways To Drive Traffic To Your Facebook PageBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on April 29, 2013 in Facebook, Marketing/visibility, Social Media 

Just because you’re marketing online doesn’t mean you should forget about your offline marketing options. In fact, you should absolutely use offline sources to drive traffic to your Facebook Page.
So many local businesses promote their Facebook Page, it has become a new norm.  Ice cream shops paint it on their front display windows.  Bowling alleys feature Facebook promotions on display monitors.  Churches and schools put calls to come to church and Like them on Facebook on their exterior signage and billboards.

Even if you don’t have a physical building or storefront, you can put your Facebook Page URL (website address) and call to action on:

Countertop sign
Sign on your cash register
Business Cards
Brochures
Letterhead
Postcards
Workshop handouts
Samples
Your vehicle
Magnets or other advertising specialties

I’m sure you can think of lots of other ways too.
Don’t have a Facebook Page? It’s free and gives you great visibility online, so I highly recommend you consider it. I’ve helped several businesses learn how to manage their Facebook Page. But even if you don’t have a Facebook Page, you can use these same strategies to drive traffic to your website or blog.

RiverwoodWriter is a proud dealer for Navitor business stationery and imprinted products. Call us today for pricing on any of the above items.
Peruse our Navitor Business Stationery Professional Collection:
PDF catalog
Online e-catalog

Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 2 } 


Older posts 



Article TopicsArticle Topics
Select Category
Book Reviews
Business Etiquette
Courses/Training
Customer connection
Event
Inspiration
Job Hunting
Leadership/Motivation
Marketing/visibility
Networking
Product Info
Productivity Tools
Publishing
Social Media
   Facebook
   LinkedIn
Writing


Search this blog






RiverwoodWriter WritesYou need content. I'd love to help you communicate your message clearly and passionately. Call me when you need to research or write:
Books  •  E-books  •  Blog posts  •  E-courses  •  Tech reports  •  Newsletter Content
I have experience writing in many business and scientific topics. Call to see if my expertise matches your content requirements. 540-436-3969.  Mailing and email address on my CONTACT page.
Proud member:Best writing course I ever took: 
New from Kelly Rae Roberts!FLYING LESSONS: Tips + Tricks To Help Your Creative Biz Soar! 
My favorite writing tool: 
Quality Images for $1 each 
My Tweets 
All the social media experts will be there…will YOU?  
Never stop learning! 

 
Special Note to Resumé Customers While I no longer offer resumé services, I am happy to support past resumé customers when they need updates and revisions.  Call me at 540-436-3969. Look in the Resources drop-down menu for Job-Hunting Resources.





 

Powered by WordPress and Insidedesign.











Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			






















需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





Elizabeth H. Cottrell, Author at RiverwoodWriter - Page 2 of 5











































































RiverwoodWriter
Connect, Create, Communicate: Writing, Publishing, & Customer Connection Tools for Small Business Owners & Solopreneurs

Navigation






Home
About
Services

Freelance Writing & Editing Solutions
Digital & Desktop Publishing Solutions


Portfolio
Products

Custom Printed Products


Elizabeth Recommends

Writing
Publishing
Job Hunting


RiverwoodWriter’s Blog
Contact







You are here: Home › Elizabeth H. Cottrell


About Elizabeth H. Cottrell
		Elizabeth H. Cottrell is a freelance writer, author, social media pro, and digital publisher in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia. She teaches small business clients how to increase visibility and build strong customer relationships. She helps authors get the book out of their head and published. She blogs for writers and authors at RiverwoodWriter.com and for small business owners and solopreneurs at SmallBizSpoken.com. She blogs about the power of connection and note writing at Heartspoken.com.			


Author Archive | Elizabeth H. Cottrell


20 Simple Secrets of LifeBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on March 1, 2013 in Leadership/Motivation 

Since a swift kick to get us out of our ruts is healthy from time to time, I’m sending you over to this excellent article by Johnny B. Truant: “20 truths about life that nobody wants to believe.” 
In Johnny’s typical irreverent but refreshingly blunt style, he introduces the 20 truths with these words: “…I thought I’d make a list of the truths I’ve discovered in case anyone out there is wondering about them. NOW: I’ve tested these things and can vouch for their truth, but feel free to ignore me if you’d like the experience of screwing up for yourself. It’s cool.” 
Read them here for yourself.
What other life truths have YOU learned (the hard way or otherwise)?
Photo credit: Dmitriy Shironosov via BigStockPhoto
 
 
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 6 } 


Live Event Report: Online Business Training That Knocked My Socks OffBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on February 12, 2013 in Event 

Limited Time Offer on recordings of all the sessions from this conference: Over 70 hours of recordings from 30+ NAMS Presenters. Only $77 until midnight 3/4/13. Then increase to $197. CLICK HERE (my affiliate link) for more info.
Just returned from NAMS9
I got in about 1am Monday morning from NAMS9, an absolutely top-notch conference of online business workshops in Atlanta. The brainchild of David Perdew, it was three solid days of pure gold, not only in the training and information I received, but also in the networking and relationship building I was able to do with smart, successful people who were generous with their time and knowledge. It truly was a community of entrepreneurs who believe the focus of any business is service and many of whom considered their business to be their mission, not just their livelihood. NAMS is an acronym for Niche Affiliate Marketing System, and while there is definitely training about how to sell other people’s products by becoming their affiliate, most of the workshops were about removing common obstacles to success and developing business skills in any type of business or industry.
Experts, experts, experts…
Each of the three days consisted of three workshops as well as a morning and evening keynote speaker. Each of the three workshop time slots offered a choice of four different workshops, ranging in experience level from beginner to advanced. The ones I attended were all excellent:

Kevin Riley: “Your First Product.” This gave the step-by-step formula for creating an info-product from idea to sales page.
Jeff Herring: “Ca$h In On Your Content: How to Create Prospect & Profit Pulling Content in 20 Minutes or Less.” When we finished this workshop, we had written the outline and partly fleshed out the content for an article in our own area of expertise we could take home and use in our blog or get published in someone else’s ezine or blog.
Lou Bortone: “How to Become a Product Machine.” Lou is known as The Video Guy, but he gave clear instructions on how a simple topic or article could be repurposed to become a slideshow, a podcast, a video, or any number of other products to offer for sale.
Tina Williams: “Social Marketing: Social Search Engine Optimization.” Tina gave a grad-level course on using social media to drive traffic to your website.
Maritza Parra: “Building Yor List.” Maritza covered her famous list-building system and had us actually start writing our compelling opt-in offer that would entice site visitors to share their email.
Connie Ragen Green:” Getting Started with Affiliate Marketing Using the NAMS Model.” Connie took the mystery out of the intimidating MyNAMS website and showed us how we can build a business based on selling other people’s quality products and services by being their affiliate.
Helen Raptoplous: “Playing to Win: Productivity Beyond Average.” Helen motivated us to step up our game, whatever that is. She compelled us stop playing not to lose and start playing to win.

Here’s a photo from one of the keynote sessions – that’s me in the bright red jacket; NAMS9 photo by Kurt Scholle
Here I am in the workshop with Jeff Herring on creating content: NAMS Workshop group by Kurt Scholle
The cost of the conference includes recordings of ALL the sessions, so I didn’t have to fret about choosing the wrong one. Others included Nicole Dean discussing ways to add income streams to your existing business, Ellen Britt showing how to repurpose your content to use it in various formats and platforms, Daniel Hall revealing ways to get your ebooks and content on iTunes, Regina Smola demonstrating WordPress and Internet security, Karen Thackston teaching copywriting skills, Marnie Pehrson showing how to write a WOW book, and Internet Marketing master Willie Crawford inspiring small steps to great success and tackling common business hurdles. In addition to the hour-and-a-half workshops, they also offered free 15-minute laser-sessions with experts of your choice: the perfect way to ask questions about your particular business or industry. I scheduled at least four of these.
Don’t miss NAMS10
You should absolutely consider getting to NAMS10 next August 9-11:

if you’re a small business owner with a storefront trying to enhance your visibility and marketing online.
if you’re a local service provider who’s been told they need to get online but doesn’t know how.
if you have an idea for an online business but don’t know how to get from idea to implementation.
if you want to get an idea about the variety of ways you could add one or more income streams to your website and blog.
if you’re fairly comfortable with the Internet and social media, but you want to crank your business success to another level.

The cost is only $197 for a ticket to NAMS10, and that includes not only the workshops and keynote addresses, but also audio recordings of each workshop, even the ones you don’t attend. Hotel and travel are separate, of course, but the conference rate for the fantastic Atlanta Century City Marriott was only about $100 a night. Take a friend and share a room! You won’t find this kind of value anywhere. And here’s the bonus if you sign up through my link: I’ll be there too, so I can introduce you to some of the awesome people I met last weekend, and I’ll have a bonus teleconference call afterwards to help guide you in implementing what you learn.
Your ticket will give you access to all the NAMS10 workshop recordings even if you don’t get to the live event, so you’ve got nothing to lose by signing up now. 
Don’t wait. Sign up now at MyNAMSLiveEvent.com, and please write my name in the box asking who referred you.
Email or call me or leave a comment below if you have any questions.
P.S. Since I wrote the post above in mid-February, 2013, David Perdew, NAMS founder, sent the following information:
NAMS10 is on Aug. 9-11 in Atlanta.
We’re capping NAMS10 at 500 people. Right now, as I
type this, we have 189 signups – that’s in 5 days
after NAMS9 kicked off.
We’re also adding a fifth educational track that will
include:


NAMS100 – beginners with no sales and no site
NAMS200 – beginners with occasional sales and a blog
NAMS300 – intermediate folks making money, but working way too hard
NAMS400 – advanced, full-time business folks who are trying to build sustainable business and business assets
NAMS-Special – Special tools and knowledge


 
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 0 } 


What To Do When “Shockwave Flash Has Crashed”By Elizabeth H. Cottrell on February 8, 2013 in Productivity Tools 

[Since first writing this post, I have encountered a downside to disabling Shockwave Flash: you may get an error message when you try to watch some videos. If you get a message saying that Adobe Flash is not active, all you have to do is go into your Chrome plugins (http://chrome://plugins/), find Adobe Flash and Enable it again.]
I love the Google Chrome browser and use it on my Mac instead of Firefox or Safari. It is intuitive; you can type a search term right into the browser window without having to put it in the Google browser first; and it has lots of optional free extensions that add convenience and functionality.
And Chrome worked great until…well, until it didn’t.
First, out of the blue, my Gmail became slow as molasses. Then other tabs froze. I couldn’t even quit or close windows for a while. Eventually I got this scary message:

Usually I could close Chrome and open it again without problems, but eventually, the same thing happened over and over. I won’t bore you with the searching I did and the things I tried to fix this. I finally found an article by a couple in New Zealand named Mike and Midge, that provided this simple solution:

Type  chrome:plugins  into your browser. This will take you to the plug-ins that are operating behind the scenes in your Chrome browser. Here’s what you’ll see (yours may differ in the exact plug-ins, but you get the idea):



Scroll down until you find Adobe Flash Player Shockwave Flash and click the Disable link.
That’s it! You’re done.

Mike and Midge suggest other things to do while you’re there and in your Tools/Extensions folder to remove unnecessary functions that can potentially slow down your browser. Read their article if you’d like to do any of this, but I primarily wanted to share the solution to the Shockwave Flash irritation.
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 2 } 


Designing a Logo or Website? Learn About the Psychology of Color.By Elizabeth H. Cottrell on February 6, 2013 in Marketing/visibility 

I loved this eye-popping infographic by the folks at The Logo Company in a fascinating article by Simon McArdle.
My RiverwoodWriter colors say, “Peace” and “Trust”–love it! My colors at Heartspoken.com are more about “Excitement” and “Creativity.” I especially enjoyed seeing the logos of brands I know.
When you’re designing a logo or website, it’s clear from this chart you need to think about more than just your favorite colors. What colors have you chosen for your logo or site and why? You’re welcome to leave its URL in the comments below.
Infographic by The Logo Company
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 3 } 


Keep Up With Critical Changes At LinkedInBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on February 4, 2013 in LinkedIn, Marketing/visibility, Social Media 

Wayne Breitbarth, author of  The Power Formula for Linkedin Success: Kick-start Your Business, Brand, and Job Search, is my go-to person for LinkedIn expertise. He’s been helping his blog followers with posts on how to navigate all the recent changes at LinkedIn, but I was still delighted to learn that Joan Stewart, Publicity Hound, is interviewing Wayne in a special webinar called “LinkedIn Update: What’s In, What’s Out and Under-the-Radar Tricks to Help You Crush It in 2013.”
Who should attend?

Anyone who uses LinkedIn to find their next big customer, investor, strategic partner, vendor, donor or job opportunity
LinkedIn users who want to promote their products and services without obnoxious promoting
Business owners who want to use LinkedIn to grow their email lists
PR people and marketers who manage their clients’ LinkedIn accounts
Publicists who want to know all the ways their clients can use LinkedIn to promote
Social media experts who want to share these new tools with their clients
 Virtual assistants who help their clients with social media

If any of these describes you, invest in your business and learn to use this valuable professional development tool.
Can’t attend the live event? It will be recorded.
The live event will take place Thursday, February 7 from 3-5pm EST, but when you buy your ticket, you’ll get both the video replay and an MP3 recording so you can watch or listen to it at your leisure.
CLICK HERE to get all the details and bonuses.
 
 
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 0 } 


Digital Publishing Online Intensive: Stellar Lineup of Experts!By Elizabeth H. Cottrell on January 31, 2013 in Marketing/visibility, Publishing 

Guy Kawasaki
If you are an online entrepreneur or author who is interested in learning how to create, market and monetize your digital content—and these days, who isn’t?—you should strongly consider attending the LIVE Digital Publishing Online Intensive beginning March 6th…
BREAKING NEWS: Tech guru, author and former Apple Product Evangelist Guy Kawasaki has just been announced as the Keynote Speaker…
http://denisewakeman.com/cmd.php?Clk=4962870
Plus, these 12 expert faculty members will deliver the very best training in a dozen in-depth webinars. I’ve taken classes from many of them, and it’s an absolutely stellar lineup of instructors. The presentations include:

Kathleen Gage – Internet Marketing Mentor
Lynne Klippel – Expert Book Coach & Publisher
Laura West – The Creative Thought Leader
Daniel Hall – Serial Entrepreneur and Webinar Master
D’vorah Lansky – Book Marketing Expert
Lou Bortone – The Video Master
Marnie Pehrson – Founder of Ignite Point
Sue Painter, The Confident Marketer
Jim Kukral – Best-Selling Marketing Author & Professional Speaker
Bob Jenkins – Internet Marketing Business Teacher
Kristen Eckstein – Expert Publishing Consultant
Nina Amir – Inspiration to Creation Coach

This Digital Publishing Online Intensive is like no other you’ve ever attended…
http://denisewakeman.com/cmd.php?Clk=4962869
You’ll walk away from each training webinar with concise, powerful, effective digital published strategies…and practical information that you can implement right away to help you create, publish and monetize your digital content…whether you are an experienced digital publisher or a newbie…
And don’t worry, there will be plenty of information for new business owners as well as more advanced strategies for you experienced folks…
All you have to do is click on the link below to purchase your ticket and reserve your seat now for a savings of $250 today (until 2/2/13, then it goes up but is still a great value)…
http://denisewakeman.com/cmd.php?Clk=4962869
but do it now…
Don’t let this opportunity to learn how to create, market and monetize your digital content pass you buy
To your success in 2013 and beyond!
Warmly,
Elizabeth Cottrell
P.S. Plus, you’ll get access to our private and exclusive Facebook Group, just for attendees, so you can ask questions, share resources, network with your colleagues, and…
AND get a Free copy of Guy Kawasaki’s new book APE: Author, Publisher, Entrepreneur with your ticket…
Reserve your seat now, as the price goes up Feb 2nd! (and yes, all sessions will be recorded if you can’t make it live)
HERE’S THE REGISTRATION LINK 
Promotion Alert: Yes, I’m promoting this and have already signed up to attend myself. I wouldn’t miss this combination of experts for any price.
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 4 } 


A New Reputation Tool Makes Its Debut: TrustCloudBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on January 25, 2013 in Marketing/visibility, Networking, Social Media 

I’m honored to be the guest blogger today on Karen S. Elliott’s excellent blog “The Word Shark.” It’s called “TrustCloud: Harness the Power of Technology to Build a Reputation.” I think many of you readers here at RiverwoodWriter will find it interesting and helpful. Click on over and leave a comment — that will help me thank Karen for having me!
While you’re there, take a look at her other topics, many related to writing and editing. Karen is an outstanding editor and has become a friend and valued business associate.
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 0 } 


Social Media Marketer Program: The Online Library of Social Media TrainingBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on December 11, 2012 in Marketing/visibility, Social Media 

Introducing Laura K. Roeder
I want to introduce you to remarkable, young, and highly successful business woman named Laura Roeder. Laura has skyrocketed to social media prominence by teaching online business owners how to use social media simply and effectively. The first video I saw her do was so simple, clear, and practical, I was immediately impressed. Unlike many other “experts,” Laura has not forgotten the frustrations, fears, and confusion we all go through when learning a new set of skills. In fact, she loves to remind her students there’s no other place to start than at the beginning. I find that very comforting when I’m learning something new.
Introducing LKR’s Social Media Marketer program
I’ve taken Laura’s classes to learn more about Facebook, WordPress, and Twitter, and I hired her as a business coach for several months. She taught me a great deal about how to harness the various social media tools for marketing in today’s online world. She always teaches both the Why and the How, so you’re given the framework before you have to build the house. Laura is smart, savvy, and no-nonsense. When she launched a new membership program called Social Media Marketer a few months ago, I was among the first to sign up.
Nothing in it for me except to help you
There is no affiliate program with Social Media Marketer, so there is no monetary incentive for me to recommend it—except my conviction that it could help many of you. After being a member for several months myself, I am able to attest to its value. I do consider Laura a friend and valued professional associate, but even then, I wouldn’t recommend this if I didn’t think it had serious merit for small business owners wanting to ramp up their knowledge of social media and how to use it.
What’s inside Social Media Marketer?
“Social Media Marketer is an online classroom and community that walks you through exactly how to get results from all the social media sites step-by-step.” To me it’s like an online university. Others might think of it as a very comprehensive library of social media videos, checklists, and strategy guides created for small businesses.
In the video below, Laura gives you a quick look at what’s inside. To get a detailed list of the modules included in Social Media Marketer, CLICK HERE and scroll down to “Let’s Get To The Point.”

Who would most benefit from Social Media Marketer?
If you’re a small business owner and you have a website, you can benefit from this program. Even if you consider your primary business to be a “bricks-and-mortar” store, you have an online presence that needs to be nurtured. Your customers and prospects spend a lot of time on the Internet, and you need to know how to connect with them.
More specifically, Social Media Marketer is great for you if:

You don’t have time for social media: you’ll learn how to incorporate it into your existing busy life.
You need personalized advice: you can get it through the community and the comments area.
You own more than one business: you’ll learn how to streamline your social media accounts.
You’re in a transition period or feel stuck: harnessing social media can make a huge difference.
You need to budget: The pricing should be considered part of your education budget. It is designed to offer huge value for a predictable amount of money with no contracts or commitments. Join for a month or stay long term. I had planned to make my membership short term, but she keeps adding great new content!

My favorite things about Social Media Marketer

All the course materials and resources are online and can be covered at your own pace.
Social Media Marketer content is well done and available in a choice of formats to suit your learning style. Every video comes with a downloadable transcript and audio file.
Programs are updated constantly to reflect important changes and strategies.
The available training classes range from beginner to advanced.

My results from Social Media Marketer
I was fairly comfortable with the social media basics when I joined SMM, but the basic courses feature ongoing updates to reflect recent changes (and these platforms change constantly). There are also modules for advanced social media users to add to their understanding of video marketing, measurements and metrics, and advanced business systems. So far, I have concentrated on learning to move efficiently coordinate the various social media platforms and what can be automated and what can’t.
The 30-Day Money Back Guarantee
“If Social Media Marketer doesn’t go above and beyond your expectations, we will refund your first month’s payment in full.” So there’s truly no risk to you and no reason not to check it out.
Make it a slam-dunk investment
To minimize the cost, look at your calendar and pick a month to start when you can devote time for this excellent training. Concentrate on the classes you feel you need the most. After that, you can stop the membership and know you’ve gotten the equivalent of many professional training conferences at a fraction of the cost. Or you can decide that, for you, it’s worth the ongoing membership to stay abreast of emerging social media trends and information. CLICK HERE to learn more or sign up.
Note from Elizabeth: I’m here to help you with social media too. Call me for a free preliminary consultation to discuss your social media concerns for your business (540-436-3969) or check out my products and services in the main menu above.
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 2 } 


A Lovely Message From WikipediaBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on December 5, 2012 in Customer connection, Marketing/visibility 

Even though the email from Wikipedia below is an automated one thanking me for a recent donation, I thought it was lovely. I’m sharing it for five reasons:

I want you to remember, whether you’re a business owner or not, there’s always time and place for expressing old-fashioned gratitude.
Gratitude, when expressed simply and from the heart, is a powerful connection tool.
The author of this letter asked me to share it because Wikipedia serves an important function to all of us who use the Internet.
There is a link for how you can make additions and edits to Wikipedia entries.
If you use Wikipedia, I hope you’ll consider making a donation too.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *
Dear Elizabeth,
Thank you for donating to the Wikimedia Foundation. You are wonderful! It’s easy to ignore our fundraising banners, and I’m really glad you didn’t. This is how Wikipedia pays its bills — people like you giving us money, so we can keep the site freely available for everyone around the world.
People tell me they donate to Wikipedia because they find it useful, and they trust it because even though it’s not perfect, they know it’s written for them. Wikipedia isn’t meant to advance somebody’s PR agenda or push a particular ideology, or to persuade you to believe something that’s not true. We aim to tell the truth, and we can do that because of you. The fact that you fund the site keeps us independent and able to deliver what you need and want from Wikipedia. Exactly as it should be.
You should know: your donation isn’t just covering your own costs. The average donor is paying for his or her own use of Wikipedia, plus the costs of hundreds of other people. Your donation keeps Wikipedia available for an ambitious kid in Bangalore who’s teaching herself computer programming. A middle-aged homemaker in Vienna who’s just been diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease. A novelist researching 1850s Britain. A 10-year-old in San Salvador who’s just discovered Carl Sagan.
On behalf of those people, and the half-billion other readers of Wikipedia and its sister sites and projects, I thank you for joining us in our effort to make the sum of all human knowledge available for everyone. Your donation makes the world a better place. Thank you.
Most people don’t know Wikipedia’s run by a non-profit. Please consider sharing this e-mail with a few of your friends to encourage them to donate too. And if you’re interested, you should try adding some new information to Wikipedia. If you see a typo or other small mistake, please fix it, and if you find something missing, please add it. There are resources here that can help you get started. Don’t worry about making a mistake: that’s normal when people first start editing and if it happens, other Wikipedians will be happy to fix it for you.
I appreciate your trust in us, and I promise you we’ll use your money well.
Thanks,
Sue
Sue Gardner
Executive Director,
Wikimedia Foundation
https://donate.wikimedia.org
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 2 } 


Vote For Your Favorite Self-Publishing BlogBy Elizabeth H. Cottrell on November 29, 2012 in Publishing, Writing 

Contest Finalists
Here, straight from an announcement by Ellen Britt, PA, Ed.D. on The Future of Ink website, are the finalists for The Future of Ink’s “Top 10 Self-Publishing Blogs 2012” Contest. Their Judges include Alltop.com founder Guy Kawasaki, Smashwords founder Mark Coker and Internet marketing veteran Jim Edwards.

How the Winners will be Selected:
All finalists will be judged on:
1) the quality of their content
2) the frequency of their posts
3) reader involvement and…
4) their blog’s ranking (in that order).
The judges will decide the final winners.
The Future of Ink will announce the winners soon, so head on over and subscribe to their blog so you won’t miss the announcement.
In the meantime, please look for your favorite self-publishing blog among the finalists below and give it a “thumbs up.” Of course your comments are welcome too, either here or on The Future of Ink site.









 REPORT
    






Denise Wakeman
Owner




29
items  
247
followers  
323
votes  
8.88k
views



Top 10 Self-Publishing Blogs 2012 - Finalists
Listly by Denise Wakeman

List of finalists for Top Ten Self-Publishing Blogs 2012 contest sponsored by The Future of Ink - digital publishing for online entrepreneurs. [List is in alphabetical order.] Please comment, share and check out each of these terrific finalists for the Top 10 Self-Publishing Blogs Award.


      Source: http://thefutureofink.com/top-ten-self-publishing-blogs-2012-finalists/



Follow List


Embed List

















1

30 Day Books | A book studio for self-published & indie authors



Nov 22, 2012 - 30daybooks.com - 1326












 7
          



Upvote



 0











2

A Newbie's Guide to Publishing













 14
          



Upvote



 0











3

BiblioCrunch



Nov 22, 2012 - blog.bibliocrunch.com - 1449






Self Publishing Blog







 20
          



Upvote



 5











4

Book Marketing Made Easy







Simple Strategies for Selling Your Nonfiction Book Online







 7
          



Upvote



 0











5

Catherine, Caffeinated



Nov 22, 2012 - catherineryanhoward.com - 1274






Writer, astronaut, skinny - Catherine Ryan Howard wouldn't mind being any of those things.







 10
          



Upvote



 0











6

C h a z z W r i t e s | Cracking the Indie Author Code Every Day







Cracking the Indie Author Code Every Day







 3
          



Upvote



 0











7

David Gaughran | Let's Get Digital







Let's Get Digital







 6
          



Upvote



 0











8

How to Blog a Book - A Step-by-Step Guide for Writing, Publishing & Promoting Your Manuscript on the Internet



Nov 22, 2012 - howtoblogabook.com - 1292












 5
          



Upvote



 0











9

How to Make, Market and Sell Ebooks – All for Free



Nov 22, 2012 - ebooksuccess4free.wordpress.com - 1658






sell ebooks, market ebook, self publish, ebook business







 6
          



Upvote



 0











10

http://www.deanwesleysmith.com/







Dean Wesley Smith - The writing of Dean Wesley Smith







 6
          



Upvote



 0











11

Indies Unlimited



Nov 22, 2012 - indiesunlimited.com - 1623






It is the mission of Indies Unlimited to celebrate independent authors; to help them build their followings; to provide a platform for members of the independent author community to share and exchange ideas, knowledge, expertise and frustrations; and, for readers and reviewers to become exposed to the amazing depth and array of talent in the indie community.







 65
          



Upvote



 1











12

Lindsay Buroker -- Fantasy Author



Nov 22, 2012 - lindsayburoker.com - 1501






Steampunk, high fantasy, and other adventures. Official blog of indie fantasy author Lindsay Buroker







 5
          



Upvote



 0











13

On Living and Writing Well - LiveHacked.com



Nov 22, 2012 - livehacked.com - 1501






On Living and Writing Well







 46
          



Upvote



 0











14

Self-Publishing Blog | Indie Author Book Marketing Help | Duolit



Nov 22, 2012 - selfpublishingteam.com - 1588






Helping passionate writers become empowered authors by promoting the awesomeness of self-publishing.







 38
          



Upvote



 0











15

Self-Publishing | Publishing Talk



Nov 22, 2012 - publishingtalk.eu - 1309












 2
          



Upvote



 0











16

Self-Publishing Resources Guides Authors to Success



Nov 22, 2012 - selfpublishingresources.com - 1309






From 'The Complete Guide to Self-Publishing' to our free online resources, we are committed to providing authors the information and support they need to successfully self-publish. Self-Publishing Resources answers the 'how to self publish for success' question.







 2
          



Upvote



 0











17

S.R. Johannes



Nov 22, 2012 - srjohannes.com - 1466












 2
          



Upvote



 0











18

Stories To Tell Books







Stories To Tell Book Publishing Services







 2
          



Upvote



 0











19

The Book Designer — Practical Advice to Help Self-Publishers Build Better Books







Book design and production, cover design, consulting and book services for independent publishers, self publishers and authors







 9
          



Upvote



 0











20

The Creative Penn Blog: Helping you write, publish and market your book | The Creative Penn







Discovering Scrivener really did change my writing life. It helped me to organize my writing by scenes and also enables me to publish in Kin







 21
          



Upvote



 0











21

The Future of Ink: Get Our Articles Free via Email



Nov 28, 2012 - thefutureofink.com - 1728






Get original Future of Ink articles sent straight to your email inbox for free. Don't miss the moment when we announce the winners of the Top 10 Best Self-Publishing Blogs.







 7
          



Upvote



 0











22

The Savvy Book Marketer







Book marketing blog packed with free book marketing tips and resources for promoting your book.







 4
          



Upvote



 0











23

The World's Greatest Book - The Professional's Resource for Self-Publishing



Nov 22, 2012 - theworldsgreatestbook.com - 1449






The Professional's Resource for Self-Publishing







 6
          



Upvote



 0











24

The Writer's Guide to E-Publishing



Nov 22, 2012 - thewritersguidetoepublishing.com - 1431






Tips, Resources, Real Numbers, and What's New in E-Publishing







 2
          



Upvote



 0











25

Ultimate Ebook Coach: How to get published: avoid scams with independent publishing



Nov 22, 2012 - ultimatebookcoach.com - 1501






Publishing options are confusing. Learn how to get published under your own label, effectively market your book, increase your credibility and boost book sales.







 9
          



Upvote



 0
















Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 


Comments { 2 } 


Older posts Newer posts 



Article TopicsArticle Topics
Select Category
Book Reviews
Business Etiquette
Courses/Training
Customer connection
Event
Inspiration
Job Hunting
Leadership/Motivation
Marketing/visibility
Networking
Product Info
Productivity Tools
Publishing
Social Media
   Facebook
   LinkedIn
Writing


Search this blog






RiverwoodWriter WritesYou need content. I'd love to help you communicate your message clearly and passionately. Call me when you need to research or write:
Books  •  E-books  •  Blog posts  •  E-courses  •  Tech reports  •  Newsletter Content
I have experience writing in many business and scientific topics. Call to see if my expertise matches your content requirements. 540-436-3969.  Mailing and email address on my CONTACT page.
Proud member:Best writing course I ever took: 
New from Kelly Rae Roberts!FLYING LESSONS: Tips + Tricks To Help Your Creative Biz Soar! 
My favorite writing tool: 
Quality Images for $1 each 
My Tweets 
All the social media experts will be there…will YOU?  
Never stop learning! 

 
Special Note to Resumé Customers While I no longer offer resumé services, I am happy to support past resumé customers when they need updates and revisions.  Call me at 540-436-3969. Look in the Resources drop-down menu for Job-Hunting Resources.





 

Powered by WordPress and Insidedesign.











Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			


























Elizabeth Cottrell, Author at Elizabeth RecommendsElizabeth Recommends





















 






Elizabeth Recommends
Books, Courses, & Products to Enhance Your Connection Power





Search









Author Archives: Elizabeth Cottrell



Elizabeth H. Cottrell Online

Posted on April 20, 2013  by  Elizabeth Cottrell 



Welcome! I’m Elizabeth H. Cottrell, a freelance writer and author who teaches about the power of genuine connection in all aspects of personal and professional life. This site has been set up to do some behind the scenes things for my business. You’ve probably landed here because of a link to a product, service, or course I have recommended.
You’ll find out more about me (including contact information) at Heartspoken.com, where I explore ways to strengthen life’s essential connections: with self, with others, with God, with nature, and through personal handwritten notes.
If you’re a small business owner, solopreneur, consultant, artist, or writer, you’ll find support and training at SmallBizSpoken.com, where I blog about online and offline ways to make meaningful connections with prospects and clients.
And last, but not least, at RiverwoodWriter.com, you’ll learn all about my freelance writing and blogging, ghost writing, content creation, and digital publishing services. The blog there covers topics relating to writing, editing, and publishing.







Archives

April 2013



Meta

Log in











Elizabeth H Cottrell - Maurertown, VA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Elizabeth H Cottrell in Maurertown, VA


Elizabeth H Cottrell

                                                                                       Intelius found that Elizabeth H Cottrell  is  a female between 60 and 70 years old from Maurertown, VA.  We have connected them to
                15 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 8 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Elizabeth H Cottrell is in her 60s

Elizabeth Has Lived In

Maurertown, VA
New York, NY
Davidson, NC

Elizabeth's Relatives

Candy Cudd
Pamelizabeth Cottrell
J Austin Cottrell
Sue Cottrell







Elizabeth H Cottrell



Zodiac SignAries



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Business Social Media Consultant, and Connection Evangelist at Heartspoken



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Elizabeth? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Elizabeth, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Elizabeth H Cottrell
Get a Criminal Check on Elizabeth H Cottrell
Get a Public Record Report on Elizabeth H Cottrell
Get a People Search Report on Elizabeth H Cottrell


Elizabeth H Cottrell's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Elizabeth H Cottrell has lived as well as Elizabeth H Cottrell's phone numbers and email addresses.




Elizabeth H Cottrell Has Lived in 4 States
Virginia Address for Elizabeth H Cottrell


57 M********* 

Maurertown, VA


Has Lived In

Maurertown, VA
New York, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Elizabeth H Cottrell

(512) ***-**** - Austin, TX 
(540) ***-**** - Maurertown, VA 
(540) ***-**** - Strasburg, VA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Elizabeth H Cottrell

h******z@***.com
e*******l@***.com
e*******l@***.com


Get Email Report




Elizabeth H Cottrell's Professional Information
Information regarding Elizabeth H Cottrell's professional history.  Find out previous places Elizabeth H Cottrell has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Elizabeth H Cottrell Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Heartspoken
               Title: Business Social Media Consultant, and Connection Evangelist
Company: Riverwoodwriter, LLC
               Title: Owner
Elizabeth H Cottrell's Experience
Title: Business Social Media Consultant, and Connection Evangelist
               Company: Heartspoken
Job Details
               How to connect in a disconnected world
Title: Owner
               Company: Riverwoodwriter, LLC
Job Details
               Since 1990, RiverwoodWriter, LLC (formerly Riverwood Technologies) has been helping customers in the Shenandoah Valley and beyond say what they really want to say about themselves and their products and services.
Additional Professional Information on Elizabeth H Cottrell

 See Elizabeth H Cottrell's LinkedIn Profile



Elizabeth H Cottrell's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Elizabeth H Cottrell


Elizabeth H Cottrell's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Elizabeth H Cottrell's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Elizabeth Cottrell
Username Matches

                  ElizabethCottrell
                  CottrellElizabeth
                  Elizabeth.Cottrell
                  Cottrell.Elizabeth
                  Elizabeth_Cottrell
                  Cottrell_Elizabeth
                  Elizabeth-Cottrell
                  Cottrell-Elizabeth
                  ECottrell
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
E Cottrell







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.
















Elizabeth Cottrell - Connection Coach, Author, Digital Publisher






























 





Elizabeth Cottrell
Connection Coach, Author, Digital Publisher










We are hard-wired for connection




Believing this with every ounce of my being, I developed this personal mission statement:
In every aspect of my life, I seek to connect people I meet with the information, contacts, and resources they need to reach their fullest personal and professional potential. 
To accomplish this, I have three primary areas of focus:

Heartspoken.com: How to connect in a disconnected world. Here I focus on strengthening those essential life connections that enhance success and happiness: connection with God, with Self, with others, and with nature. I also explore my favorite connection tool: the personal handwritten note.
SmallBizSpoken.com: Listen • Connect • Deliver. Here I equip small business owners and solopreneurs with information and tools, online and offline, to help them implement relationship marketing, increase their visibility, and turn their business into a customer magnet!  
RiverwoodWriter.com: Connect • Create • Communicate. Here I work with individuals and business owners to provide freelance writing, editing, blogging, and digital publishing services to help them get their message to the world and establish their expertise or brand.  

Each of these sites has a free gift, so please visit any or all that interest you and enjoy the gifts.
I share content about personal and professional connection, including connection through the written and published word, at my Facebook Page.






 
The Writing Course on Steroids 
Harness the power of Evernote 
My favorite business magazine 
 










Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          
















Amazon.com: Books













 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks











































































Books Home


Shop by Category


More Ways to Shop




Books Home


Shop by Category


More Ways to Shop






Shop by Category



More Ways to Shop










Arts & Photography







Biographies & Memoirs







Children's Books







Cookbooks, Food & Wine







History







Literature & Fiction







Mystery & Suspense







Romance







Sci-Fi & Fantasy







Teens & Young Adult









Amazon Charts







Customer Favorites







100 Books to Read







Award Winners







From Page to Screen







Start a New Series







Book Club Picks







Kindle eBooks







Textbooks







Audible










Books Home
























































































More from the Amazon Book Editors












Best Books of the Month




  
  Top 10





  
  Literature & Fiction





  
  Kids & Teens Books





  
  Mystery & Thriller




See all categories










Celebrity Picks




  
  John Grisham





  
  William Shatner





  
  Dennis Lehane





  
  Greg Iles




See all Celebrity Picks










Summer Reading




  
  Fiction





  
  Beach reads





  
  New in Paperback




See all










Best Books of 2017 So Far




  
  Top 20





  
  Children's Books





  
  Literature & Fiction





  
  Mysteries & Thrillers




See all










Books Bestsellers

						See more
					




Previous page






The Silmarillion













	J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien




	
		Kindle Edition
	



2,080



$8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.99  








The Old Man













	Thomas Perry, Peter Berkrot...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



328



$27.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.95  








The Miracle of Dunkirk: The True...


Walter Lord

		Kindle Edition
	



238



$1.51  








From Sand and Ash


Amy Harmon

		Kindle Edition
	



1,417



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.49  








The Hangman's Daughter













	Oliver Pötzsch, Lee Chadeayne




	
		Kindle Edition
	



3,983



$18.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.49  








A Criminal Defense


Jr William L. Myers

		Kindle Edition
	



3,080



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








Ready Player One













	Ernest Cline, Wil Wheaton...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



12,540



$31.50 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $26.95  








The Storied Life of A. J. Fikry: A Novel


Gabrielle Zevin

		Kindle Edition
	



5,375



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.12  








Gwendy's Button Box


Stephen King, Richard Chizmar

		Kindle Edition
	



1,089



$25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.99  








The Passage: A Novel


Justin Cronin

		Kindle Edition
	



3,749



$18.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








Beautiful Broken Rules


Kimberly Lauren

		Kindle Edition
	



820



$12.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $0.99  








Foundation


Isaac Asimov

		Kindle Edition
	



2,260



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








The Dark Tower I: The Gunslinger













	Stephen King, George Guidall...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



3,144



$18.89 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.95  








Shogun (Asian Saga Book 1)


James Clavell

		Kindle Edition
	



1,329



$9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  


Next page












Books Hot New Releases

						See more
					




Previous page






Little Boy Lost


J. D. Trafford

		Kindle Edition
	



433



$4.99  








Stillhouse Lake


Rachel Caine

		Kindle Edition
	



3,031



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








The Late Show


Michael Connelly

		Kindle Edition
	



155



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








A Beautiful Poison


Lydia Kang

		Kindle Edition
	



286



$4.99  








Beautiful Mistake













	Vi Keeland, Jessica Royer Ocken




	
		Kindle Edition
	



291



$3.99  








Secondborn (Secondborn Series Book 1)


Amy A. Bartol

		Kindle Edition
	



572



$4.99  








The Sky Below: A True Story of...


Susy Flory, Scott Parazynski

		Kindle Edition
	



155



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Everything We Left Behind: A Novel


Kerry Lonsdale

		Kindle Edition
	



244



$4.99  








NO EXIT a gripping thriller full of...


TAYLOR ADAMS

		Kindle Edition
	



233



$2.99  








Fractured Love: A Standalone...


Ella James

		Kindle Edition
	



151



$0.99  








I Can't Make This Up: Life Lessons













	Kevin Hart, Neil Strauss - contributor...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



273



$29.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $25.95  








Swink


Adriana Locke

		Kindle Edition
	



283



$3.99  








Dangerous


Milo Yiannopoulos

		Hardcover
	



781



$30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.00  









Bullet Rain - A Nova Bartkowski Novel


Robert Swartwood

		Kindle Edition
	



39



$0.99  








The X-Files: Cold Cases













	Joe Harris, Chris Carter...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



15



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.95  








Fire & Ice: A Ménage Fantasy


Chance Carter

		Kindle Edition
	



406



$0.99  








The Man of Legends


Kenneth Johnson

		Kindle Edition
	



950



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Harem: An MFMM Romance


Alexis Angel, Abby Angel

		Kindle Edition
	



105



$0.99  








Country Nights


Winter Renshaw

		Kindle Edition
	



434



$0.99  








Camino Island: A Novel













	John Grisham, January LaVoy...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



1,819



$31.50 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $26.95  


Next page












Most Wished For in Books

						See more
					




Previous page






Before We Were Yours: A Novel


Lisa Wingate

		Kindle Edition
	



405



$26.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.99  








The Letter: The #1 Bestseller that...













	Kathryn Hughes




	
		Kindle Edition
	



2,053



$13.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck...


Mark Manson

		Hardcover
	



1,595



$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.97  









Finding Your Colors: Fine Art Adult...


Hertz Nazaire

		Paperback
	



10



$9.99  









Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel


Mark Sullivan

		Kindle Edition
	



5,776



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Harry Potter and the Prisoner of...













	J.K. Rowling, Jim Kay




	
		Hardcover
	

$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.99  









Astrophysics for People in a Hurry


Neil deGrasse Tyson

		Hardcover
	



793



$18.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.37  









Q&A a Day: 5-Year Journal


Potter Style

		Diary
	



1,427



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.63  









Everything We Keep: A Novel


Kerry Lonsdale

		Kindle Edition
	



10,550



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.99  








The Identicals: A Novel


Elin Hilderbrand

		Kindle Edition
	



318



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








Devil's Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald...


Joshua Green

		Kindle Edition
	



34



$13.99  








A Gentleman in Moscow: A Novel


Amor Towles

		Kindle Edition
	



3,478



$27.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.99  








The Missing Ones: An absolutely...


Patricia Gibney

		Kindle Edition
	



1,338



$11.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $0.99  








Quantum Physics for Babies


Chris Ferrie

		Board book
	



160



$9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.55  









Pandemic (The Extinction Files Book 1)


A.G. Riddle

		Kindle Edition
	



948



$19.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Rocket Science for Babies


Chris Ferrie

		Board book
	



12



$9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.77  









You Are a Badass: How to Stop...


Jen Sincero

		Paperback
	



2,577



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.63  



Next page












Most Gifted in Books

						See more
					




Previous page






First 100 Words


Roger Priddy

		Board book
	



6,921



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  









Blindsided: The True Story of One...


James L. Ferraro

		Hardcover
	



9



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.30  









Giraffes Can't Dance


Giles Andreae, Guy Parker-Rees

		Board book
	



3,048



$6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.33  









Dear Zoo: A Lift-the-Flap Book


Rod Campbell

		Board book
	



2,302



$6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.15  










Goodnight Moon













	Margaret Wise Brown, Clement Hurd




	
		Board book
	



2,934



$8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.32  









Puppy Birthday to You!













	Golden Books, Fabrizio Petrossi




	
		Hardcover
	



1,195



$4.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $3.92  










The Very Hungry Caterpillar


Eric Carle

		Board book
	



3,079



$10.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.86  










The Going-To-Bed Book


Sandra Boynton

		Board book
	



2,284



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  










Dr. Seuss's Happy Birthday, Baby!













	Dr. Seuss, Jan Gerardi




	
		Hardcover
	



458



$11.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  









Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?













	Bill Martin Jr., Eric Carle




	
		Board book
	



2,468



$7.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.85  









The Wonderful Things You Will Be













	Emily Winfield Martin




	
		Hardcover
	



1,185



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.13  









If Animals Kissed Good Night













	Ann Whitford Paul, David Walker




	
		Board book
	



876



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.06  









Chicka Chicka Boom Boom (Board Book)













	Bill Martin Jr., John Archambault...




	
		Board book
	



2,379



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.03  










Love You Forever


Robert Munsch, Sheila McGraw

		Paperback
	



5,956



$5.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  









Al Franken, Giant of the Senate


Al Franken

		Hardcover
	



820



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.76  










Dragons Love Tacos


Adam Rubin, Daniel Salmieri

		Hardcover
	



1,837



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.69  









She Persisted: 13 American Women Who...













	Chelsea Clinton, Alexandra Boiger




	
		Hardcover
	



253



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $15.59  










Little Blue Truck board book


Alice Schertle, Jill McElmurry

		Board book
	



3,235



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.15  









The Pout-Pout Fish


Deborah Diesen, Dan Hanna

		Board book
	



1,827



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.99  









Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family...













	J. D. Vance




	
		Hardcover
	



7,529



$27.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.79  



Next page





























































































































Popular in BooksAward WinnersBargain BooksBest Books of the MonthBest Books of 2017 So FarBooks in SpanishChildren's BooksDeals in BooksSummer ReadingMore in Books100 Books to Read in a LifetimeAmazon Book Review BlogAmazon Books on FacebookAmazon Books on TwitterAmazon KindleKindle eBooksKindle DealsKindle UnlimitedSpanish Kindle eBooksTextbooksTextbooks StoreTextbook RentalsSell Us Your BooksKindle eTextbooks 

Show results forNew ReleasesLast 30 daysLast 90 daysComing SoonBooksArts & PhotographyBiographies & MemoirsBusiness & MoneyCalendarsChildren's BooksChristian Books & BiblesComics & Graphic NovelsComputers & TechnologyCookbooks, Food & WineCrafts, Hobbies & HomeEducation & TeachingEngineering & TransportationGay & LesbianHealth, Fitness & DietingHistoryHumor & EntertainmentLawLiterature & FictionMedical BooksMystery, Thriller & SuspenseParenting & RelationshipsPolitics & Social SciencesReferenceReligion & SpiritualityRomanceScience & MathScience Fiction & FantasySelf-HelpSports & OutdoorsTeen & Young AdultTest PreparationTravelRefine byFormatPaperbackHardcoverKindle EditionLarge PrintAudible Audio EditionPrinted Access CodeDigital Access CodeLoose LeafAudio CDBoard BookKindle UnlimitedKindle Unlimited EligibleAuthorVi KeelandNora RobertsRachel CaineJames PattersonJames W. PattersonHoward RoughanLauren BlakelySee moreBook SeriesStillhouse Lake SeriesClassic NotebooksEverything We KeepThe Extinction FilesDetective Lottie ParkerWomen's Murder ClubSecondborn SeriesSee moreLanguageEnglishGermanFrenchSpanishRussianChineseJapaneseSee moreAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonAward WinnersCaldecott MedalMan Booker PrizeNational Book AwardNewbery MedalThe Pulitzer PrizeHugo & Nebula AwardsEisner AwardPackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingPromotionBargain BooksAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionUsedNewCollectibleAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock


Featured StoresFeatured StoresThe New York Times® Best SellersChina BooksLibros en EspañolStationery, Journals & Notebooks 




















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates












Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







   Elizabeth Cottrell | RiverwoodWriter, LLC | ZoomInfo.com

Elizabeth H. Cottrell, Riverwoodwriter Competitors
	| Owler







































 We just sent you an email to verify your account. Check your inbox!     
				Resend verification link > 




































Sign In  
Sign In 

Sign Up













EDIT Address
EDIT Funding
EDIT Acq
EDIT CEO
EDIT Name And Picture
EDIT CEO Link
EDIT Acq Link
EDIT Links
EDIT Funding
EDIT Address Link
EDIT Twitter Link
EDIT Facebook Link








            You have just joined {{count}} of your colleagues at {{name}} who read the Owler Daily Snapshot everyday.
        

            You have just joined over 1 million business professionals on Owler who read the Daily Snapshot everyday.
        

            Go to 'My Portfolio' to follow the companies that matter to you to customize your Daily Snapshot.
        














ALERT
{{task_c.msg}}

Ok










What section would you like to update?
What does it mean to update a profile?






 Company Logo
 Company Name & URL
 Company Description
 Founded Date
 Company Status
 HQ Address
 Social Links




 CEO Name & Picture
 Competitor Set
 Funding Events
 Acquisition Events
 Revenue
 Headcount
 Industry Links



What does it mean to update a profile?





Owler is a community of business professionals working together to build a database of company information. One contribution reaches thousands of members across the Owler community.
When you contribute on Owler you're shaping the database for all people consuming Owler data. Your updates will flow through to company profiles, competitive intelligence reports, daily snapshots and more. All verified members of the Owler community can update Owler profiles.  Members help the community by sharing data, such as a company's headquarters, and also by weighing-in on sentiment-based questions, such as CEO rating.
Community members make this all happen. That being said, each data update is reviewed by at least one other person to ensure accuracy. All updates are kept anonymous. Happy updating!


< BACK




















 





ADD COMPANY
						LOGO 



ADD COMPANY
						LOGO 


ADD COMPANY
					LOGO 


Edit founded date
Edit oveview
Edit Website URL
Edit Links
Edit Industry Tags






{{companyBasicDetails.name}}
 |   {{companyBasicDetails.website | removeHttpPrefix}}




{{companyBasicDetails.description}}



Click here to provide a company description for
						{{companyBasicDetails.name}}
					







FOLLOW ({{company_num_of_followers}})
FOLLOWING ({{company_num_of_followers}})







EDIT PROFILE ({{companyBasicDetails.profileCompletenessScore}}%)







SHARE



























				Back to	Profile
			



{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} Competitive Analysis







				Back to	Profile
			





 COMPETITIVE SET




If this is your employer, only your TOP 3 competitors will appear in your competitive intelligence reports.
		


Owler Consensus
My Custom set 











Owler Consensus Rank
Rank



Company


Following





{{$index + 1}}




 













1









								ADD COMPETITORS
							



















 
My Rank
Company
Following
 










{{$index+1}} 
								

































{{customCompetitorsData.length+1}}
































BACK TO TOP 







Use Owler to compare Elizabeth H. Cottrell, Riverwoodwriter's revenue, employees, social traffic and more vs. competitors.








The Competitive analysis



JUMP TO:
{{jumpedValue}}



 CEO & EMPLOYEES|
 FINANCIALS|
 COMMUNITY SENTIMENT|
 SOCIAL COMPARISON|
 PRESS ACTIVITY


 CEO & EMPLOYEES
 FINANCIALS
 COMMUNITY SENTIMENT
 SOCIAL COMPARISON
 PRESS ACTIVITY





CEO & EMPLOYEES 
BACK TO TOP


CEO Approval Rating

Company
CEO
Rating
My Vote
Polls & Insights











{{company.short_name}}










{{company.CEO.insight_info.additionalData.first_name}}
Unknown


{{company.CEO.insight_info.additionalData.first_name}} {{company.CEO.insight_info.additionalData.last_name}} 
Unknown




--




							{{company.CEO.insight_info.consensus}}%




							{{company.CEO.insight_info.consensus}}%



--





VOTE NOW




--









{{company.CEO.insight_info.totalVotes}}
						votes

--




{{ceoSectionSummary}}



Estimated number of employees




Company
Number of employees[Estimated if private]
My Estimate
Polls & Insights











{{company.short_name}}








						Not Enough Consensus
					

						Not Enough Consensus
					

















VOTE NOW


{{company.EMPLOYEE.my_estimate | number}}







 



--




 Data is publicly sourced & uneditable




{{employeeSectionSummary}}





FINANCIALS 
BACK TO TOP


Estimated Revenue




Company
Revenue [Estimated If Private]
My Estimate
Poll











{{company.short_name}}







Not enough consensus
Not enough consensus



Less than
 $1M


Less than
 $1M


















VOTE NOW



									${{reve_estimate.value}}{{reve_estimate.denomination}}




Less than
 $1M








 



--




 Data is publicly sourced & uneditable




{{revenueSectionSummary}}



Revenue Per Employee













{{company.short_name}}







Not enough consensus






${{revenuVale.value}}{{revenuVale.denomination}} per employee

{{company.REVENUE_PER_EMPLOYEE.employee | number}} employees






Funding




Company
Total Funding Raised
Latest Funding Round Details
Investors











{{company.short_name}}







Undisclosed
No funding data available





${{fundVale.value}}{{fundVale.denomination}} 
{{company.FUNDING.total.search_result.amount}}  
{{company.FUNDING.total.search_result.type}}
--








{{investor.investor}}


									{{investor.investor}}
								
--

--

SEE ALL >





Number of Acquisitions




Company
Total Acquisitions
Last Acquisition
Poll











{{company.short_name}}


























{{company.ACQUISITION.uuid.insight_info.additionalData.acquisitionName}}














{{company.ACQUISITION.uuid.insight_info.resultPercentage}}%






Not enough consensus
No acquisitions









{{company.ACQUISITION.uuid.insight_info.totalVotes}} votes

--






 COMMUNITY SENTIMENT
BACK TO TOP



Likely Outcome (Private Co.) / Stock Prediction (Public Co.)







 Company 
 Owler Consensus 
 My Vote 
 Poll 












{{company.short_name}}












									FAIL
								

									FAIL
								




									GET BOUGHT
								

									GET BOUGHT
								




									IPO
								

									IPO
								






									GO DOWN
								

									GO DOWN
								




									STAY FLAT
								

									STAY FLAT
								




									GO UP
								

									GO UP
								


--





VOTE NOW
GO DOWN
STAY FLAT
GO UP


VOTE NOW
FAIL
GET BOUGHT
IPO

--









{{company.LIKELY_OUTCOME_OR_STOCK_DIRECTION.insight_info.totalVotes}} votes






{{company.LIKELY_OUTCOME_OR_STOCK_DIRECTION.insight_info.totalVotes}} votes

--









SOCIAL 
BACK TO TOP



Followers on Owler





Company
Followers
Following











{{company.short_name}}





















Facebook Followers








Company
Total Followers
Growth [TTM]












{{company.short_name}}






{{company.FACEBOOK_LIKES.current_count.value | number}}




{{company.FACEBOOK_LIKES.change_percentage}}%
{{company.FACEBOOK_LIKES.change_percentage}}%
{{company.FACEBOOK_LIKES.change_percentage | removeMinusSymbol}}%







Twitter Followers








Company
Total Followers
Growth [TTM]












{{company.short_name}}






{{company.TWITTER_FOLLOWERS.current_count.value | number}}




{{company.TWITTER_FOLLOWERS.change_percentage}}%
{{company.TWITTER_FOLLOWERS.change_percentage}}%
{{company.TWITTER_FOLLOWERS.change_percentage | removeMinusSymbol}}%








COMPETITOR PRESS ACTIVITY
PRESS ACTIVITY

BACK TO TOP


Press Releases






30 Days
|
60 Days
|
Last Quarter
|
TTM














{{legend.short_name}}


{{(legend.value/totalPressReleases)*100 | number : 1}}%






Blog Posts






30 Days
|
60 Days
|
Last Quarter
|
TTM














{{legend.short_name}}


{{(legend.value/totalBlogPost)*100 | number : 1}}%




























Investors



{{investorInfo.investor}}





























Sorry!
Editing data is currently only available on tablets or desktops

Email our support team >





















 Your team is already using Owler. 
 Join them. 










{{ErrorMsg}}



{{InfoMsg}}


















73% of high-growth companies use Owler every day.
Unlock {{compName}} company profile by entering your work email








Sign me up for Owler's email products. You can unsubscribe at any time. See our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for more details.



{{ErrorMsg}}



{{InfoMsg}}



{{SignUpEmailErrorMsg}}





Sign me up for Owler's email products. You can unsubscribe at any time. See our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for more details.



{{ErrorMsg}}



{{InfoMsg}}



{{SignUpEmailErrorMsg}}





Sign In >
Sign In >






Hmmm...are you sure that's your work email?



We can't add you to your team if we don't have your work email.







{{ErrorMsg}}



{{InfoMsg}}






{{email}} is my work email >
I don't have a work email >








Last thing...we promise.

                            Where do you work?
                        







{{CompanyErrorMsg}}




{{CompanyErrorMsg}}




















































Elizabeth H Cottrell (@ElizCottrell) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Elizabeth H Cottrell



@ElizCottrell












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
8,671
            



Following
Following
907



Followers
Followers
1,935



Likes
Likes
217



Lists
Lists
24
 
 
More 







Likes
Lists






Unmute @ElizCottrell

Mute @ElizCottrell



Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Elizabeth H Cottrell



@ElizCottrell


Strengthen LIFE’S 4 ESSENTIAL CONNECTIONS: with God, Self, Others, & Nature | I can show you how | Write personal notes that comfort, encourage, & inspire



            Shenandoah Valley, VA

      



 
    HEARTSPOKEN.com
  




Joined April 2009












                
                410 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @ElizCottrell
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @ElizCottrell
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Elizabeth H Cottrell followed
        

























Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







4 of 5 stars to Bittersweet by Colleen McCullough https://goodreads.com/review/show/2058759375 …





0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Great book giveaway from Gretchen Rubin:http://woobox.com/965dan/j5xemo 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jul 9






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







SUNDAY REFLECTION from http://Heartspoken.com : "Prayer invites God into the equation." ~ Mark Batterson in The Circle Makerpic.twitter.com/Yx55DA3giw
















0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jul 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Never underestimate the value of personal handwritten notes as a professional practice...still effective!https://lnkd.in/d9my5B6 









0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jul 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Good Listeners Are So Attractive http://aweber.com/t/RnJMC 





0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jul 3






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Is Becoming Your Best Self The Right Goal? http://aweber.com/t/9gBa0 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jul 2






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







4 of 5 stars to The Secret Wife by Gill Paul https://goodreads.com/review/show/2041529073 …





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jul 2






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







SUNDAY REFLECTION from http://HEARTSPOKEN.COM : "Let God be as original with other people as He is with you." ~Oswald Chamberspic.twitter.com/8L6lroa9Uq
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jun 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Why Is It So Hard To Say “I’m sorry” (even when you want to)? http://aweber.com/t/DKHmG 





0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jun 23






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Cash back ...really! https://go.ebat.es/imsk/4mPJaRqlqD 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jun 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







4 of 5 stars to The Demon Duke by Margaret Lockehttps://www.goodreads.com/review/show/2034047904 …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jun 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Curious about amateur (ham) radio? Come to our SVARC 2017 Field Day #ARRLFD http://www.shenvalarc.org/field-day 





0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jun 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Life lessons from a great Dad http://aweber.com/t/8PEDU 





0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jun 16






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Adorable fox kit greeted me this a.m.pic.twitter.com/vuJEGVIrLR
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jun 11






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Children's Fantasy House -http://go.shr.lc/2ta2m2h 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jun 8






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"When we embrace each other’s gifts and work together, we make an amazing force for good" https://goo.gl/fpjDSL  #Kindness #Courage #Lovepic.twitter.com/jHOPViyuX1
















0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jun 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







5 of 5 stars to Y'All by Judi Goolsbyhttps://www.goodreads.com/review/show/2022122566 …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jun 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







4 of 5 stars to Malmedy Massacre by John M. Bausermanhttps://www.goodreads.com/review/show/2022065734 …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jun 4






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







SUNDAY REFLECTION: "A crisis is a holy summons to cross a threshold." Sue Monk Kidd:: http://amzn.to/2s5qk1X pic.twitter.com/uPK5JICfJY
















0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elizabeth H Cottrell‏ @ElizCottrell

Jun 3






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







4 of 5 stars to Into Thin Air by Jon Krakauer https://goodreads.com/review/show/2018675752 …





0 replies




2 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @ElizCottrell hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user






















