   North Carolina Custom Home Builders Asheville, Lake James NC               828-584-1234        Select Page       Learn MoreNorth Carolina Custom Homes by Cottonwood DevelopmentGalleriesNorth Carolina custom home builder, Cottonwood Development Company’s new home photo galleries. From timber frame homes, custom designed wood doors, blacksmith iron art, original interior and exterior trim work, each custom home is a hand crafted, original work of art.About UsCottonwood Development Company was co-founded by Steve Leadbetter and Tracy Jones. Steve, Cottonwood’s creative visionary, is a degreed engineer from the medical construction industry. Tracy manages the construction process from a monetary and efficiency perspective.CommunitiesWe build custom mountain and waterfront homes in Western North Carolina, including the areas of Asheville, Lake James, Linville, Marion, Morganton & Nebo NC. Please visit this section of our website to learn more about the mountain communities that make up Western North Carolina.Contact UsLooking to build a new home in North Carolina? Whether it’s an extraordinary concept and design, a new challenge that we haven’t built before, or simply a client who’s fun to work with. Our projects range greatly in price, but each project is chosen because it fits within these criteria.Building a new home has never been so rewarding… Learn More...Project Showcase Gallery   Obeth Rd Lake James NC Custom HomeMarch 8, 2016    Custom Bathrooms Photo GalleryMarch 7, 2016    Custom Home Exteriors Photo GalleryMarch 6, 2016    Custom Bedrooms Photo GalleryMarch 5, 2016    Custom Kitchen Photo GalleryMarch 4, 2016    Cottage Grove Dr Lake James Custom HomeMarch 3, 2016    Outdoor Living Photo GalleryMarch 3, 2016    Photo Gallery of Architectural DetailsMarch 2, 2016    Lake James Real Estate Office BuildingMarch 1, 2016    Custom Interiors Photo GalleryMarch 1, 2016    Old Nebo Bridge Rd Custom HomeFebruary 28, 2016    Lighthouse Church Rd Custom NC HomeFebruary 26, 2016 Latest Posts From Our Blog    Building Green in North Carolina“Green” Joe – Our Renewable Resource Building Green in North Carolina? Looking for a new custom timber frame home with artisan craftsmanship? Founded by people who truly love the outdoors, Cottonwood has been building green long before it was the fashionable movement... read more     Photos of Lake James North CarolinaLiving on Scenic lake James North Carolina At the base of the Blue Ridge Mountains not far from the charming towns of Morganton and Marion in Western North Carolina lies Lake James, a pristine lake fed by three rivers. Surrounded by ancient forest. And waiting for you... read more     Custom Home Builder North CarolinaCottonwood Development Your NC Custom Home Builder Cottonwood Development Company is one of the area’s finest custom home builders in North Carolina. Owners Steve Leadbetter and Tracy Jones have a great working relationship.  Steve was educated as an electrical... read more  Look No Further. Get Started Today  Contact Us NowPhoto Galleries  About CottonwoodFrom custom-designed wood doors, blacksmith iron art detailing and original interior and exterior trim work, each Cottonwood home is an original work of art. It's a simple, but determined, pursuit to achieve excellence for each client in both our craft and our customer service. Contact Cottonwood today to learn more about our custom design & build process.Our Contact InfoCottonwood Development Company, Inc. Address: 3053 NC 126 Morganton, North Carolina 28655Phone: 828-584-1234 Fax: 828-584-9938   Pin It on Pinterest                     Share This   Facebook    Twitter    Google+    Pinterest                    








Welcom to Cottonwood Community Alternatives ~ Services 













Our ServicesCottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc. ~ P.O. Box 946, Englewood, Colorado 80151-0946 ~  PHONE: 303.761-6487 






Cottonwood provided services to over 100 individuals in our various programs, which consist of residential services including staffed homes, family care giver, apartments and host home settings.  In addition, we have base site day program services and community access activities, supported living services, and support for individuals who are employed. All services are provided to individuals through Medicaid waiver programs or on a private pay basis. The individuals we serve have a wide range of skills and areas where they need support. Supports and services can include assisting and providing training in areas of household and personal maintenance; social manners appropriate to the situation; planning for recreational or social events; community employment support; transportation coordination; obtaining medical treatment and ensuring follow up; maintaining contact with family and friends. Cottonwood offers a number of special events throughout the year to the individuals we serve, their families and friends, our  employees, independent contractors, and agency affiliates. This provides ongoing opportunities for each individual to meet, greet, socialize, and form friend and business relationships. Residential Services            Staffed Homes            Family Care Giver            Apartments            Host HomesDay Program ServicesSupported Living ServicesProgram Coordination, Quality Assurance, and Administrative Monitoring are provider for each individual receiving service from Cottonwood. Program Coordination includes and includes annual assessment of skills and needs, individual service and support plans in keeping with their short and long term goals, regular monitoring of progress of plans, regular contact with family members or guardians, and an assigned Program Managers. Individuals receiving Comprehensive Medicaid Waiver Services will also receive medical services coordination and benefits management. Cottonwood conducts regular quality and satisfaction surveys with individuals in services, their families and friends, our employees and independent contractors, and agency affiliates. We also complete routine monitoring for all services and supports provided and at any setting where such programs take place. The monitoring includes programmatic, environmental, and applicable rules, regulations, standards and agency policies. Residential ServicesCottonwood provides residential services and supports in a variety of settings including staffed homes, the individual's family home, apartments, and with host home providers.  The type of setting the individual lives in is determined by their choice, the amount of support needed, and the supervision required to provide the support.  Our residential services are designed with an emphasis on growth, increased independence, and success while maintaining the person's health and safety.Residential services include the following:Provision for each individual to have their own private bedroom.Medical services coordination and benefits management.Training and assistance based on individual need and skill level.24-hour staff availability and emergency responseHousehold expenses and equipment, including furnishings, appliances, linens, kitchen utensils, rent, phone, utilities, repairs, etc.Assistance obtaining medical equipment and services, such as eye glasses, dentures, dental care, walking aids, over the counter medications and first aid supplies.Access to recreational and community activities such as concerts, sporting events, or other similar outings.Monthly spending money for groceries and personal expenses (determined by benefits).Staffed SettingsStaffed Homes - Cottonwood has a number of homes in which three individuals receiving services live in a home with rotating staff who stay also stay in the setting. The staff rotate every 2 ½ days and are available to each individuals on a 24 hour basis.Family Care Giver - Cottonwood began Family Caregiver (FCG) Services in 2009 as part of the state pilot program. Our FCG settings vary widely based on the needs of the individual and the family. In some of the settings we employ a family member living in the home, in others we send non-related staff into the home as support, and sometimes, we use a combination of both.Apartments - Cottonwood coordinates services for individuals in apartments in the Denver metro area. Apartment services are for individuals who do not need in home supervision, have the skills to complete all aspects of their personal care, and have basic household management skills. Individuals looking at this type of placement should also have the safety skills to reside in such a setting. Cottonwood provides 24-hour staff, residing on-site, and available as needed.Host Homes - A Host Home (HHIC) is an individual or family that contracts with Cottonwood, and provides services for up to two people within the HHIC’s home. The individuals that are placed in Host Home settings are integrated into the family, their activities, and receive personal support and care. Host Home Providers are required to meet the same extensive training and background checks as our employees.   Day Program ServicesCommunity Participation provided by Cottonwood includes, base site activities, connecting individuals with volunteer positions, assisting in accessing continued education classes, and assistance in accessing recreational activities and building supports in the community.  Supported Living Services (SLS)What is SLS?Some of the individuals we work with live with their families or on their own. Supported Living Services are designed to provide them with the support they or their families need to make this a successful living arrangement. These services vary for each person, for example weekly visits from a staff member to assist with medications, grocery shopping, or budgeting, or daily time spent doing recreational activities in the community. Cottonwood also works with some individuals who receive in home supervision or out of home respite supports. 1HOMEOUR SERVICESWAYS TO HELPCAREERSCOMPANY PROFILERESOURCESCONTACT US

















Welcome to Cottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc.













Company OverviewCottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc. is a private, non-profit agency established to provide a broad spectrum of services to Colorado Citizen’s with developmental disabilities.  Our mission at Cottonwood is to provide a variety of community based supports and services to these individuals, empowering them to live as independently and productively as possible while promoting individual choice, dignity, and quality of life. We encourage participation of family and friends in maintaining regular involvement in lives of the individuals we serve. What is a Developmental Disability?A person with a Developmental Disability has one or more lifelong conditions which occur before the age of 22. These may include mental retardation or from other sources, like cerebral palsy, epilepsy, or autism. An individual with a developmental disability experiences impairment of intellectual function or adaptive behaviors like communication, social skills and self-care.Our PhilosophyThis is well stated in our motto of “People Serving People". Our philosophy at Cottonwood is that each of the individuals receiving services from our agency is a valuable person, deserving of respect and consideration by our staff and people in the community. We believe that people with disabilities should have the opportunity to live, work, and socialize in the same type of places other people of similar age and interest do.  We encourage implementing unique, person-driven options in all of our settings.Our GoalOur goal at Cottonwood is to provide the individuals we serve with the support and training needed to live, work, and recreate in their community as independently as possible. All individuals should be as involved as possible in all aspects of daily living in order to gain independence and retain choice, dignity, and control in their life.Welcome to Cottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc.People Serving PeopleOur purpose is to support, assist, and teach the individuals we serve to achieve the highest level of dignity and personal independence possible.  We encourage participation of family and friends in the planning process, as well as maintaining regular involvement in individual's lives.It is this philosophy, that each individual is of equal value, that drives the services and support provided by Cottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc.CHOICEINDEPENDENCEDIGNITYCottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc. ~ P.O. Box 946, Englewood, Colorado 80151-0946 ~  PHONE: 303.761-6487 






1HOMEOUR SERVICESWAYS TO HELPCAREERSCOMPANY PROFILERESOURCESCONTACT US














SEC Info - Cottonwood Communities, Inc. - Filings










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In



Cottonwood Communities, Inc.    SEC # 1692951






    Click to view...      Registrant      About      Filings      Files      Relationships      Names      Topics      Web       


1  SEC Filing  on  12/22/16

E-Mail:    Send me notifications of all future filings involving Cottonwood Communities, Inc. 
Most-Recent:   S-11 — Registration Statement by a Real Estate Company — Form S-11 — as Filer 
All:    filed as:    Filer    “Owner”    “Issuer”    Filing Agent 




  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
Documents & Exhibits  as  Filer or “Owner” Last Filing  Type   Description Documents    12/22/16S-11Registrations:  Registration Statement by a Real Estate Company — Form S-111General Exhibits:12/22/16EX-3 Articles of Incorporation/Organization and By-Laws212/22/16EX-23 Consent of Experts or Counsel1Non-Document Graphics:12/22/16GRAPHIC Images, Pictures and Graphs7No Documents  as  Subject Company or “Issuer”↑Top
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 10:28:05.0 GMT 






New Homes near Sedona in Cottonwood, AZ | Brookfield at 89 & Vine




















































 



























 1-800-809-5391
















 








































  





















New Homes near Sedona in Cottonwood, AZ















  















Brookfield at 89 & Vine is destined to become one of the preeminent new home destinations in all of Arizona.



More Information Coming Soon















  











				VISIT OUR OTHER COMMUNITIES			














  






















Read More




















Read More



























×








Canyon Trails at Fox Creek Located in Bullhead City, Arizona, this brand new, 55+ age-required neighborhood has newly designed beautiful homes in the area’s premier master planned community.
Address:
2602 Canyon Park Dr.
Bullhead City, AZ 86442
Phone:
928-754-1063
Email:
info@brookfieldcommunities.com 
Visit neighborhood page

Follow Us
The Ridge at Fox Creek Located in Bullhead City, AZ near Laughlin, NV, The Ridge is built atop a high desert ridge with incredible mountain views and natural hiking trails that give the perfect Arizona lifestyle.
Address:
2537 Trade Wind Dr.
Bullhead City, AZ 86442
Phone:
800-809-5391
Email:
info@brookfieldcommunities.com 
Visit neighborhood page


89 & Vine Located just south of the famous red rocks of Sedona, Arizona, Brookfield at 89 & Vine is destined to become one of the preeminent new home destinations in all of Arizona. 
Visit neighborhood page


SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER 




Thanks for signing up! Please check your email for confirmation


Sign up for the Brookfield Communities newsletter today!






Email Address 
Sign Up
By submitting this form, you are granting: Brookfield Communities, 3550 N. Central Avenue, Suite 1101, Phoenix, Arizona, 85012, United States, http://www.brookfieldcommunities.com permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email.  (See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.















Elevations and floorpans shown are artist's conceptions and are for illustrative purposes only. Some changes in design, appearance, floor plan and room sizes may occur to improve the final home product. These renderings provide a guide to the basic design and look of the final product. Brookfield reserves the right to make changes as needed to ensure the quality and style of each community. Brookfield Communities, Inc., Phoenix, Arizona 2015. ROC #215964


© 2016, All Right Reserved. Brookfieldcommunities.com












Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.






Send







  








Start typing and press Enter to search

















Welcom to Cottonwood Community Alternatives ~ Services 














Company ProfileCottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc. ~ P.O. Box 946, Englewood, Colorado 80151-0946 ~  PHONE: 303.761-6487 






Affiliations & AccreditationsCottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc. is a private, 501(C)3, non-profit agency, providing training and support services to persons with developmental disabilities.  Cottonwood was designated on July 1, 1991 as a Program Approved Service Agency by the State of Colorado, Department of Institutions, Division for Developmental Disabilities. Cottonwood provides services in the counties of Arapahoe, Douglas, Jefferson, Denver, and the City of Aurora. We work collaboratively with the three Community Centered Boards in those counties, Developmental Pathways, DDRC, and Rocky Mountain Human Services.  Management TeamCottonwood’s administrative team is comprised of individuals with a significant amount of knowledge, experience, and dedication to this field and to individuals with developmental disabilities. The majority of our Senior Management Team has been in the Human Services field in excess of 20 years, with a large majority of those years being with Cottonwood.  Executive Management TeamCEO/Director - Cynthia D. Opheim CFO - Seanna HortonAssociate Director - Mindy Van Kalsbeek     Cottonwood is proud of its ongoing policy of open communication with their clients, family members, guardians, advocates and Interdisciplinary Team Members, and staff.   The primary contact for clients, their families, advocates, etc. is their assigned Program Manager.  Emergency and after hours phone calls should go to our emergency cell phone 303-908-8761. If you have a message that can be handled the next working day, feel free to leave a message on the voice mail at the office. 1HOMEOUR SERVICESWAYS TO HELPCAREERSCOMPANY PROFILERESOURCESCONTACT US

















Welcome to Cottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc. ~ Ways to Help













Ways to HelpCottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc. ~ P.O. Box 946, Englewood, Colorado 80151-0946 ~  PHONE: 303.761-6487 






Cottonwood welcomes donors and volunteers in helping our people reach their goals.  Donors are the backbone which helps provide activities and necessary items that are not granted to Cottonwood's clients due to Colorado's limited government funding.  Donations In Kind and our volunteers make our fundraising events possible.  Crisis Facing ColoradoColorado ranks 48th in the nation in fiscal effort toward providing funding for individuals with Developmental Disabilities.The waiting time for people needing services in the State of Colorado can be several years.   Continued effort and a commitment to increased State funding will be required to end the wait list.Ways you can help todayMake a DonationIt is through the generous donations of our patrons that Cottonwood is able to enhance the support to the individuals we serve.  Not only do we accept donations of goods and services, but your generous dollars that are given.  Every dollar that we receive is a vital part of our ongoing operations at Cottonwood.  We would like to thank you in advance for your donation.  You can make your contribution in several ways:Buy clicking on our Donate. We accept Visa, Mastercard, and Discover.  Your online transactions are secure through PayPal. We also accept cash donations, please send your check made payable to:Donation of goods or services:  art, gardening, recreational or camping supplies, new or refurbished computer equipment for our Day Program computer lab, items for special events and silent auctions, tickets to sporting and community events, musical instruments, or professional services.  To donate goods or services, please contact Seanna Horton at 303-761-6487.






Cottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc.Attn: Donations DepartmentP.O. Box 946Englewood, Colorado 80151-09461HOMEOUR SERVICESWAYS TO HELPCAREERSCOMPANY PROFILERESOURCESCONTACT US

















Cottonwod Community Alternatives ~ Contact Us













Office Hours:Monday - Thursday 8AM - 5PMContact UsCottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc. ~ P.O. Box 946, Englewood, Colorado 80151-0946 ~  PHONE: 303.761-6487 






Phone, Fax and EmailPhone: 303-761-6487Fax: 303-761-5986If you have questions or comments about Cottonwood please feel free to:Physical Location:           Mailing Address:3255 S. Acoma St.                     P.O. Box 946Englewood, CO 80110                Englewood, CO 80151-09461HOMEOUR SERVICESWAYS TO HELPCAREERSCOMPANY PROFILERESOURCESCONTACT US











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version




















Welcome to Cottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc.











Resources & InformationCottonwood Community Alternatives, Inc. ~ P.O. Box 946, Englewood, Colorado 80151-0946 ~  PHONE: 303.761-6487 




Resources & SupportsAs an approved service provider for individuals with disabilities we have connections and supports within our community that assist us, and can assist the individuals we serve as well.  Please browse our links and resources.  If you have any resources that you would like us to see or add into our website please let us know.  We want to be of service to our community and the individuals we serve.AllianceDevelopmental PathwaysDevelopmental Disabilities Resource CenterRocky Mountain Human ServicesThe ARC of Colorado 


















verde valley manor - Amenities















HomeEligibilityPhotosApplicationAmenities





Verde Valley Manor Retirement Center, Inc.
3400 E. Godard Rd.Cottonwood, AZ 86326Phone- (928) 646-6040 Fax- (928) 646-6311
TDD-AZ Relay Service 1-800-367-8939
Business Office Hours
Monday-Friday, 9AM to 4PM 
Closed daily from 12PM to 1PMe-mail: frontdesk@verdevalleymanor.com




Amenities
Nestled in the heart of central Arizona, Verde Valley Manor provides independent living in ranch-style apartments comprising efficiency, one-bedroom and two-bedroom units. Housing units range in size from 445 to 790 square feet. All apartments offer the following amenities:

Affordable Housing
Quiet Residential Community with Private Roadways, Safe for Walking Exercise 
Panoramic Views
All Ground Floor Units with Assigned Parking
Private Entries
Pets Allowed 
Fire & Ambulance Service Nearby
Public Transportation Available
All Electric Apartments with Fully Applianced Kitchens
Wall to Wall Carpeting
Central Air Conditioning & Heating
Cable and Satellite TV Hook-Up Available
Free use of Laundry Facilities, Water, Wastewater & Garbage Service
Fully Landscaped
24 Hour Maintenance
Spacious Community Buildings
Exercise Room, Craft Room, Lounges for TV and Relaxation
Lending Libraries for Books, Movies and jigsaw puzzles 

The Manor provides a healthy, safe and enjoyable, independent living environment and encourages resident involvement in resident-sponsored recreational activities. We focus our efforts in the areas of social interaction, health maintenance and education,  and enhancing quality of life.
Our community buildings feature a billiards table, TV lounge, game room, craft room, library, formal meeting rooms and informal conversation areas for residents.
Manor Central Park features a grass lawn, desert trees and shrubs, walking paths, horseshoe court, benches, picnic tables and a covered gazebo picnic area.
Effective 1-1-2017, Verde Valley Manor is a smoke-free property.






HomeIndependent living for income-eligible rental  housing in beautiful, central Arizona
EligibilitySeniors (62 and over) and /or persons with disabilities with low income
PhotosSee examples of our gorgeous setting and well-maintained facilities.
ApplicationsCall directly, e-mail us, or request an application online to be mailed to you.
Amenities                                   We hope you will love all that we have to offer. 




This institution is an equal opportunity provider.  
To file a complaint of discrimination write USDA, Director, Office of Civil Rights, 
1400 Independence Ave., S.W., Washington D.C. 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Copyright© 2005 All Rights Reserved.













 - 



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink










Overview
Paths








 Overview




 Paths to 








 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with .

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤




























Cottonwood Residential Debuts New Brand at Two Apartment Communities



























































 




Breaking News






							Capital United, Greystone, and NES Financial Launch EB-5 Redeployment Program						





							Apartment Markets Decline Slightly in the July NMHC Quarterly Survey						





							Greystone Expands National Multifamily Sales Advisory Platform in New JV with  Michigan-Based Commercial Property Advisors						





							Harmony Housing Acquires 862 Units of Affordable Housing in Texas						





							Greystone Provides $17.3 Million Bridge Loan for Acquisition of 271-Unit  Multifamily Property in Palm Bay, FL						














Login  



Username



Password




Remember Me



Log in





 



								Forgot your password?



								Forgot your username?



Create an account




		  MOD_LOGIN_ME		



Sign up



Register








   



Home


Categories





Property Acquisitions and Dispositions


Company Acquisitions


New Construction and Development


Property Management Deals


New Hires & Promotions


New Vendor Products


Industry Trends


Technology


Other Multifamily News

 




Submit

 






Home 
Categories 
Property Acquisitions and Dispositions 
Company Acquisitions 
New Construction and Development 
Property Management Deals 
New Hires & Promotions 
New Vendor Products 
Industry Trends 
Technology 
Other Multifamily News 

Submit 








 





  





HomeCategoriesOther Multifamily NewsCottonwood Residential Debuts New Brand at Two Apartment Communities





 


 












	  	Cottonwood Residential Debuts New Brand at Two Apartment Communities		




font size

					+

				

					–
				


























				 09 May 2017			





1
2
3
4
5
















 



Cottonwood Bayview

Cottonwood Residential




Cottonwood Residential, a leader in multifamily property management and operations, today announced the unveiling of its new brand at two recently acquired apartment communities. 
Modera Prime 235, a luxury community in St. Petersburg, Fla., has been rebranded Cottonwood Bayview. Elan Westside, an upscale community in the West Midtown neighborhood of Atlanta, has been rebranded Cottonwood Westside. The communities represent the start of Cottonwood Residential’s effort to incorporate its new brand into high-profile markets and locations. 
“The brand represents the next phase for Cottonwood Residential, in which we are redefining our portfolio to provide the best apartment living experience available in incredible locations where today’s renters want to live,” said Chad Christensen, president of Cottonwood Residential. “The vibrant locations of our communities, the top-of-market amenities and the premier level of service that we will provide our residents will be synonymous with the Cottonwood experience.”
Cottonwood Residential is in the process of transforming its portfolio, reinvesting in well-appointed communities in strategic Class-A locations while also rehabbing existing Class B assets. Communities in the new portfolio and updated existing communities will be rebranded with the Cottonwood name. The company will also implement its upgraded all-in-one property management system, which will simplify the resident user experience and streamline operations. 
“Investing in Class-A markets plays to our strengths and our onsite associates, who are some of the most talented, experienced and passionate associates in the industry,” said Glenn Rand, executive vice president for Cottonwood Residential. “Along with our detailed landscaping, elegant apartment interiors and high-end finishes, our associates will be committed to delivering the most sought after apartment living experience in the country.”
Cottonwood Bayview contains 309 apartment homes with a mix of studio, 1- and 2-bedroom homes. The community offers prime views of Tampa Bay, a rooftop terrace, state-of-the-art fitness center, resort-style swimming pool with sundeck, stainless steel appliances and full size in-home washers and dryers. 
Cottonwood Westside, a mixed-use community with 197 apartment homes, is situated in a highly desirable walkable neighborhood (85 Walk Score) within steps of some of the city’s finest shopping, dining and entertainment options. Featuring sleek modern architecture, the community includes a salt-water pool with sun shelf, fitness center, high-tech gaming lounge and a pet park. 





























  














		    Company Tags 



		Berkshire Group	

		CAPREIT	

		Greystone & Co	

		Greystone Real Estate Advisors	

		Holliday Fenoglio Fowler, LP	

		JVM Realty Corporation	

		LMC	

		Marcus & Millichap	

		Mill Creek Residential Trust, LLC	

		National Apartment Association	

		National Multifamily Housing Council	

		Preferred Apartment Communities, Inc	

		ROSS Management Services	

		Trimark Properties	

		Wendover Housing Partners	








  




		    More Resources 


Multifamily InsidersResident EventsApartment Associations






		    Most Commented 












 

Capital United, Greystone, and NES Financial Launch EB-5 Redeployment Program



















 

JVM Renovating Aventine at Oakhurst North in Aurora, Ill.


















  














Cottonwood Residential – home at last




























 




 
 

 




























 






				home at last			









Find your home




RadiusBedroomsWithin 25 MilesDescription Meta Data 


















Cottonwood Residential, your home at last.Cottonwood Residential owns and manages quality apartment communities in prime locations across the U.S. We are committed to delivering a superior resident experience by always finding a way to say “yes.”FIND OUT MORE


Who We Are







I thought moving here from out-of-state would be problematic, but then I talked to Miguel. He made it very seamless.  Whenever I had a question, he was there. Everyone has been so gracious and hospitable. I’m loving my new home!


					Resident, Georgia











more than just a jobIf you want a fulfilling, high-potential career that is less about a job and more about teamwork and warmth, then welcome home. At Cottonwood Residential, we invite you into our fun and lively environments, where we treat our associates like family.FIND OUT MORE


careers







Cottonwood recognizes that it’s the people that make the difference.


					Lee, Service Manager








- in the news -



Cottonwood Residential Unveils New Company Website

Redesigned from the ground up, the all-new CottonwoodRes.com was purpose-built to more authentically engage with residents, associates, and investors. The website offers interactive apartment search, details about the company story,… read more

										read more
									







New Cottonwood Brand Debuts at High-Profile Communities in Atlanta and St. Petersburg

Salt Lake City, Utah – (March 28, 2017) – Cottonwood Residential is releasing a new community-level brand extension at two high-profile communities: Modera Prime 235 in St. Petersburg, and Elan… read more

										read more
									







Cottonwood Residential Awarded Management of 935M Apartments in West Midtown Atlanta

Salt Lake City, Utah – (March 21, 2017) – Cottonwood Residential has been awarded management of 935M Apartments, a class A property in West Midtown Atlanta. This mid-rise community, originally… read more

										read more
									







St. Petersburg Acquisition Expands Cottonwood Residential Footprint in Major Metro Areas

Salt Lake City, Utah – (March 15, 2017) – Cottonwood Residential has acquired newly-developed Modera Prime 235 in St. Petersburg, Florida. Accompanying its change of ownership, the community has been… read more

										read more
									







Cottonwood Residential Employees Kick Off the Holidays Supporting the Utah Food Bank

December 9, 2016 – Salt Lake City – Team members at the corporate headquarters of Cottonwood Residential began the holidays with a food drive to benefit the Utah Food Bank…. read more

										read more
									







Packed Event Marks Grand Opening of Murano Apartments

On Saturday, October 15, Murano Apartments opened its doors to over 300 guests, residents, local business partners, and members of the Orlando community. The event culminated a collaborative effort between… read more

										read more
									





















About Us▲Who We AreLeadership TeamIn-House ServicesFind Your HomeCareersNewsContact UsUser Login▲EmployeesInvestors 





























Cottonwood Court Senior Living – Assisted Living and Memory Care
















































 
















Skip to content


(559) 446-1266 


Toggle High Contrast
Toggle Font size



 


 
 



Cottonwood Court Senior Living
Assisted Living and Memory Care

Home ServicesAssisted Living Life Enrichment Wellness Memory Care Dining  Our Team Virtual Tour FAQ Contact 




Home ServicesAssisted Living Life Enrichment Wellness Memory Care Dining  Our Team Virtual Tour FAQ Contact 











Cottonwood Court Senior Living





Family From Day One





A life story filled with adventures, accomplishments, and cherished memories is a wonderful story and at Cottonwood Court Senior Living, we believe a good story should only get better. When it’s time for a little help, we would like to help you or your loved one write the next chapter.
Cottonwood Court Senior Living offers two communities in one, an assisted living community and a secure memory care community in separate locations on one beautiful campus.
As a Seniority managed community, we make a commitment not only to the seniors we serve, but also to their families. Our Family Enrichment Focus allows us to be a creative part of your or your loved one’s past, present and future.
We invite you to visit Cottonwood Court and see for yourself the quality service we provide to our residents and their families that goes beyond what you have come to expect from senior living communities.



Welcome to Club Life







At Cottonwood Court, it’s not just about living, it’s about living well.  Our “Club Life” Life Enrichment Program focuses on engaging our residents in physical, cognitive and social activities on a daily basis to help enhance their lives.






See what fun and interesting activities are coming up with this month’s Assisted Living Calendar and Memory Care Calendar!



Experience Matters
Cottonwood Court has built a solid reputation based on consistent quality and compassionate care. Schedule a tour, we’d love show you how we make residents feel like family from day one.
Schedule a Visit
What Sets Cottonwood Court Apart
Resident Council
Residents at Cottonwood Court have a say in every aspect of life in the community. Monthly Resident Council meetings provide a forum for residents to discuss ideas for activities, menu choices, community improvements and outings. Our residents enjoy having a say in the direction of the community.

Mens’ Club
It’s no secret that every man loves a man cave, and we have one! Plus, we proudly offer our “Men’s Club”. Our gentlemen get together on a weekly basis to participate in events such as billiards, BBQ’s, guest speakers and outings that have included the war museum, pizza and spirits and baseball games, just to name a few.

Pets Are Family Too!
At Cottonwood Court we understand that our pets become our family. We are a pet friendly community that welcomes small animals with no additional fees. Our spacious property includes an internal courtyard and ample walking paths allowing space for residents to be outside with their pets.

Seniority Signature Dinners
On a monthly basis, Executive Chef Steve Tom prepares a signature dish for residents and their families. Residents enjoy collaborating on the menu at monthly food committee meetings. Past signature entrees have included Beef Wellington, Rib Eye Steak & Grilled Salmon.





Why Cottonwood Court is the Right Choice


ExperienceContinuity of CareSimplified Pricing



In senior living, EXPERIENCE matters! The leadership team at Cottonwood Court has made a long standing commitment to our residents, their families and the quality of the care services we provide. This team came together at Cottonwood Court in 2009. In that time we have taken great pride in becoming leaders in the senior living industry in Fresno. We welcome you to come and explore our community and see why so many people say “This place just feels different”. To our team, this community is more than a job it is an extension of our family.






When thinking about moving into a senior living community or placing a loved one, the thought of the transition can be overwhelming. When choosing a community it is important to know the level of care that can be provided when care needs increase. At Cottonwood Court we work closely with physicians, home health agencies, therapy providers and pharmacies to ensure care needs are not only being met but that our residents thrive. When a higher level of care is necessary, our experienced team is here to assist. We offer Assisted Living, Memory Care and Hospice Care in a loving and compassionate environment.






When choosing a senior living community we understand that cost and value matter. At Cottonwood Court we offer simplified pricing with level one care included in our base rate. With two additional care levels available to accommodate changing care needs there are never any surprises in our monthly rates, all of our pricing is up front and simple.








Cottonwood Court is top rated on Caring.com!

We take pride in the relationships we build with our residents and their families, and we think it shows in the comments on caring.com. Take a moment to read what they are saying about Cottonwood Court, and you will see that “Family from Day One” is not just a slogan.




Our Residents and Their Families Say it Best



Millie’s assistance and personal care has been exceptional on every front and we are completely satisfied with the choice we made for her. Every employee with whom she has come in contact has treated her with kindness and a helpful spirit.
Don & Marilyn B.
Fresno
Thank you and all the staff at Cottonwood Court for the care you give to my mother. We all know that she is safe, gets her meds, eats well and is constantly monitored. Thank you all for doing your work with compassion and kindness.
Darlene P.
Fresno
Please relay my thanks to all of the staff there for hosting such a lovely Mother’s Day brunch…we all enjoyed it. We are thankful for all of you and for taking such good care of Mom.
Nancy S.
Fresno



Get More Information or Schedule a Visit


Get more information or make an appointment to visit Cottonwood Court.














 
 
Contact me about making an appointment to visit Cottonwood Court 
Contact me by: emailphone 
 
 
 











				





  
 



















































