

























30,250 Shares in Sony Corp Ord (SNE) Acquired by Cottage Street Advisors LLC - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Sony Corp Ord
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Sony Corp Ord with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Simon Property Group, Inc. (SPG) Shares Bought by Cullinan Associates Inc.
HighTower Advisors LLC Increases Position in Equity Residential (NYSE:EQR)
30,250 Shares in Sony Corp Ord (SNE) Acquired by Cottage Street Advisors LLC
Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $36.35 Million Stake in Granite Construction Incorporated (GVA)
Macquarie Group Ltd. Lowers Position in TESARO, Inc. (TSRO)
Macquarie Group Ltd. Sells 389,858 Shares of Autohome Inc. (ATHM)
Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corporation (NYSE:TYG) Shares Bought by HighTower Advisors LLC
HighTower Advisors LLC Has $2.48 Million Stake in Sterling Bancorp (STL)
Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Reduces Stake in Williams Companies, Inc. (The) (WMB)
SpiderRock Advisors LLC Increases Position in Lumentum Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LITE)
ArcelorMittal (MT) Position Decreased by Creative Planning
Creative Planning Has $4,668,000 Position in Community Bank System, Inc. (CBU)
Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) Reduced by Analyst
Hollencrest Securities LLC Purchases 2,793 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (NYSE:DATA)
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. (NASDAQ:RARE) to Sell
Nexus Investment Management Inc. Lowers Stake in Cenovus Energy Inc (NYSE:CVE)
Thomson Reuters Corp (NYSE:TRI) Position Lowered by Nexus Investment Management Inc.
Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:JAGX) Given a $2.00 Price Target at HC Wainwright
Ring Energy (NYSE:REI) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest
Head-To-Head Survey: Platform Specialty Products Corporation (PAH) vs. TerraVia Holdings (TVIA)


 


30,250 Shares in Sony Corp Ord (SNE) Acquired by Cottage Street Advisors LLC

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Cottage Street Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Sony Corp Ord (NYSE:SNE) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund bought 30,250 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,155,000. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Harel Insurance Investments & Financial Services Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of Sony Corp Ord during the first quarter valued at approximately $151,000. O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Sony Corp Ord by 1.0% in the first quarter. O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC now owns 5,103 shares of the company’s stock valued at $172,000 after buying an additional 53 shares during the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its stake in shares of Sony Corp Ord by 154.9% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 6,195 shares of the company’s stock valued at $198,000 after buying an additional 3,765 shares during the last quarter. Eastern Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Sony Corp Ord during the first quarter valued at approximately $202,000. Finally, Raymond James Trust N.A. purchased a new stake in shares of Sony Corp Ord during the first quarter valued at approximately $205,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 6.94% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Sony Corp Ord alerts:



Sony Corp Ord (SNE) traded up 0.44% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $40.81. 611,194 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Sony Corp Ord has a 1-year low of $27.72 and a 1-year high of $40.82. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $38.37 and its 200-day moving average is $33.89. The company has a market capitalization of $51.53 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 80.65 and a beta of 1.72. 




TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally posted by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/cottage-street-advisors-llc-buys-new-stake-in-sony-corp-ord-sne-updated.html. 
SNE has been the topic of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Sony Corp Ord from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 4th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) reissued a “conviction-buy” rating on shares of Sony Corp Ord in a research note on Monday, May 1st. BidaskClub cut shares of Sony Corp Ord from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, July 8th. Sanford C. Bernstein initiated coverage on shares of Sony Corp Ord in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $41.00 price objective for the company. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co raised shares of Sony Corp Ord from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday, April 21st. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, five have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.37.
About Sony Corp Ord
Sony Corporation (Sony) is engaged in the development, design, manufacture and sale of various kinds of electronic equipment, instruments and devices for consumer, professional and industrial markets, as well as game consoles and software. The Company’s segments include Mobile Communications, Game & Network Services, Imaging Products & Solutions, Home Entertainment & Sound, Devices, Pictures, Music, Financial Services and All Other. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Sony Corp Ord Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp Ord and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 





































Cottage Advisors: Developing cottage communities in U.S. and Canada








Cottage Advisors is dedicated to creating classic cottage communities, with a special emphasis on cottage resorts designed for seasonal living. Cottage Advisors' properties include distinctive land plans and private locations conveniently located to major metropolitan areas.  The communities offer quality construction and unique architectural details, resort recreational amenities and programs designed to create a sense of community.
Cottage Advisors leads local teams in developing cottage resorts throughout the U.S. and Canada.





Go to the 
          Cottage Advisors 
          U.S. site



Summer Village at the Pond
         A seasonal lakefront community in Westford, Massachusetts, 25 miles from Boston. Available for cottage sales.
www.SummerVillageWestford.com



The Cottages at Summer Village
         A seasonal resort in Wells, Maine, a popular tourist destination in the coastal part of the state. Available for rentals through an on-site rental office and cottage sales.
www.SummerVillageWells.com




Seaglass Village
         An adult focused seasonal community in Wells, Maine, a popular tourist destination in the coastal part of the state. Available for cottage sales.
www.SeaglassVillage.com

 





Go to the 
          Cottage Advisors 
          Canada site



Sandbanks Summer Village
        A seasonal cottage resort located on East Lake in Prince Edward County, Ontario.






© Copyright 2012, Cottage Advisors, LLC. info@cottageadvisors.com
















 













 




Cottage Street Advisors LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























cottage street advisors llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Cottage Street Advisors LLC operates as an investment advisory company. The Company offers asset management, estate guidance, investment strategies, and financial planning services. Cottage Street Advisors serves customers in the State of Massachusetts.




Corporate Information
Address:

9 Cottage Street
PO Box 249
Marion, MA 02738
United States


Phone:
1-508-748-0709


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.cottagestreetadvisors.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Andrew Nelson Macken


Managing Partner/CCO




Michael Davis "Mike"


Managing Partner/Mng Member







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Cottage Street Advisors LLC 9 Cottage St Marion, MA Consultants-Business Nec - MapQuest







































































































    Cottage Street Advisors LLC
  

9 Cottage St

Marion
MA
02738




 Reviews



(508) 748-0709
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





















﻿






























Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) Receives “Market Perform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Company - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Visa Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Visa Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc.
Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €12.00 Price Target by Citigroup Inc. Analysts
Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) Receives “Market Perform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Company
Schmidt P J Investment Management Inc. Has $689,000 Position in Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS)
Alphabet’s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG
Zacks: Analysts Expect Ryder System, Inc. (NYSE:R) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.77 Billion
Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:CCOI) Shares Sold by American International Group Inc.
American International Group Inc. Raises Stake in HubSpot, Inc. (NYSE:HUBS)
American International Group Inc. Cuts Position in Cambrex Corporation (NYSE:CBM)
American International Group Inc. Has $1.07 Million Position in LegacyTexas Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:LTXB)
American International Group Inc. Has $1.11 Million Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:EGBN)
Interface, Inc. (NASDAQ:TILE) Stake Boosted by Arizona State Retirement System
Arizona State Retirement System Raises Stake in Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (NYSE:WD)
Arizona State Retirement System Has $649,000 Stake in CSG Systems International, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSGS)
Victory Capital Management Inc. Has $513,000 Stake in Intuit Inc. (INTU)
Victory Capital Management Inc. Sells 1,933 Shares of Steelcase Inc. (NYSE:SCS)
Victory Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in American Railcar Industries, Inc. (ARII)
Quality Systems, Inc. (QSII) Stake Boosted by SG Americas Securities LLC
SG Americas Securities LLC Has $378,000 Stake in World Acceptance Corporation (WRLD)
Copa Holdings, S.A. (CPA) Shares Sold by SG Americas Securities LLC







Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) Receives “Market Perform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Company


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




Wells Fargo & Company restated their market perform rating on shares of Visa Inc. (NYSE:V)  in a research note issued to investors on Saturday morning. They currently have a $100.00 target price on the credit-card processor’s stock, up from their previous target price of $87.50.
Several other analysts have also recently weighed in on V. Jefferies Group LLC  set a $96.00 price target on Visa and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Saturday, March 25th. Cowen and Company  reaffirmed an outperform rating and issued a $100.00 price target on shares of Visa in a report on Monday, March 27th. Credit Suisse Group  reaffirmed a hold rating on shares of Visa in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Piper Jaffray Companies  reaffirmed a neutral rating and issued a $45.00 price target on shares of Visa in a report on Friday, April 14th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada raised their price target on Visa from $97.00 to $98.00 and gave the company an outperform rating in a report on Friday, April 21st. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twenty-seven have assigned  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $103.37.


 Get Visa Inc. alerts:



Shares of Visa (NYSE:V) traded up 1.52% on Friday, reaching $99.60. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 17,400,234 shares. Visa has a 12 month low of $75.17 and a 12 month high of $100.49. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $95.30 and its 200-day moving average price is $90.04. The stock has a market cap of $227.73 billion, a P/E ratio of 37.04 and a beta of 0.93. 





Visa (NYSE:V) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The credit-card processor reported $0.86 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.05. Visa had a return on equity of 31.04% and a net margin of 36.53%. The firm had revenue of $4.57 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.36 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.69 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 25.8% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts forecast that  Visa will post $3.37 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/visa-inc-nysev-receives-market-perform-rating-from-wells-fargo-company.html. 
Visa announced that its board has authorized a stock buyback plan on Thursday, April 20th that permits the company to buyback $5.00 billion in  outstanding  shares. This buyback authorization permits the credit-card processor to purchase up to 2.4% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  buyback plans are typically a sign that the company’s leadership believes its stock is undervalued. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 5th. Investors of record on Friday, August 18th will be given a dividend of $0.165 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, August 16th. This represents a $0.66 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.66%. Visa’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 24.54%. 
In related news, Vice Chairman Ellen Richey sold 31,260 shares of Visa stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.94, for a total transaction of $2,874,044.40. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Insiders own  0.14% of the company’s stock. 
Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in  Visa during the fourth quarter valued at $1,335,803,000.  Viking Global Investors LP raised its stake in  Visa by 739.1% in the fourth quarter. Viking Global Investors LP now owns 4,846,485 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $378,123,000 after buying an additional 4,268,933 shares in the last quarter.  Lone Pine Capital LLC raised its stake in  Visa by 180.3% in the fourth quarter. Lone Pine Capital LLC now owns 6,551,477 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $511,146,000 after buying an additional 4,213,802 shares in the last quarter.  Clearbridge Investments LLC raised its stake in  Visa by 41.4% in the first quarter. Clearbridge Investments LLC now owns 9,145,672 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $812,776,000 after buying an additional 2,677,533 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Glenview Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in  Visa during the fourth quarter valued at $146,661,000. Institutional investors own  81.92% of the company’s stock. 
About Visa
Visa Inc (Visa) is a payments technology company that connects consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners and government entities to electronic payments. The Company operates through payment services segment. The Company enables global commerce through the transfer of value and information among the participants.







Receive News & Ratings for Visa Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿

























Sony Corp Ord (SNE) Stake Boosted by Highland Capital Management LLC - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Sony Corp Ord
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Sony Corp Ord with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

General Electric Company (GE) Given a $29.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Analysts
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (RNR) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (WBA) PT Set at $86.00 by Leerink Swann
Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Price Target Increased to C$30.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank
BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. (POT)
Barfresh Food Group Inc. (OTCMKTS:BRFH) Rating Lowered to Sell at ValuEngine
CRH Medical Corp (CRH) PT Lowered to C$10.50 at TD Securities
Thermo Fisher Scientific (TMO) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.41
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (PNC) Position Raised by Delta Lloyd NV
Rogers Corporation (ROG) Position Cut by Prudential Financial Inc.
TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Shares Bought by Mason Street Advisors LLC
Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Position Raised by Wealthsource Partners LLC
Nordea Investment Management AB Sells 889,163 Shares of Stryker Corporation (SYK)
Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Shares Bought by Envestnet Asset Management Inc.
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 11 Shares of Cubic Corporation (CUB)
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,349 Shares of Vipshop Holdings Limited (VIPS)
Premier Asset Managment LLC Has $369,000 Position in Accenture PLC (ACN)
Allergan PLC. (AGN) Shares Sold by Mayo Investment Advisers LLC
Select Medical Holdings Corporation (SEM) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co.


 


Sony Corp Ord (SNE) Stake Boosted by Highland Capital Management LLC

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 

Highland Capital Management LLC raised its position in Sony Corp Ord (NYSE:SNE) by 4.1% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 101,167 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 3,977 shares during the period. Highland Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Sony Corp Ord were worth $3,864,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of SNE. Harel Insurance Investments & Financial Services Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Sony Corp Ord during the first quarter worth $151,000. O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Sony Corp Ord by 1.0% in the first quarter. O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC now owns 5,103 shares of the company’s stock worth $172,000 after buying an additional 53 shares in the last quarter. Eastern Bank acquired a new position in shares of Sony Corp Ord during the first quarter worth $202,000. Raymond James Trust N.A. acquired a new position in shares of Sony Corp Ord during the first quarter worth $205,000. Finally, Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its position in shares of Sony Corp Ord by 154.9% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 6,195 shares of the company’s stock worth $198,000 after buying an additional 3,765 shares in the last quarter. 6.94% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Sony Corp Ord alerts:



Sony Corp Ord (NYSE SNE) traded up 0.284% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $40.675. The stock had a trading volume of 350,439 shares. Sony Corp Ord has a one year low of $27.72 and a one year high of $40.70. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $38.26 and its 200 day moving average is $33.84. The stock has a market cap of $51.36 billion, a PE ratio of 81.026 and a beta of 1.72. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Sony Corp Ord (SNE) Stake Boosted by Highland Capital Management LLC” was first reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/20/sony-corp-ord-sne-stake-boosted-by-highland-capital-management-llc.html. 




A number of research analysts have weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Sony Corp Ord from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, July 14th. BidaskClub lowered Sony Corp Ord from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, July 8th. Sanford C. Bernstein began coverage on Sony Corp Ord in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $41.00 price target on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) restated a “conviction-buy” rating on shares of Sony Corp Ord in a report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co upgraded Sony Corp Ord from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday, April 21st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, five have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Sony Corp Ord presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.37.
About Sony Corp Ord
Sony Corporation (Sony) is engaged in the development, design, manufacture and sale of various kinds of electronic equipment, instruments and devices for consumer, professional and industrial markets, as well as game consoles and software. The Company’s segments include Mobile Communications, Game & Network Services, Imaging Products & Solutions, Home Entertainment & Sound, Devices, Pictures, Music, Financial Services and All Other. 
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SNE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Sony Corp Ord (NYSE:SNE).

 
Receive News & Ratings for Sony Corp Ord Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp Ord and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 




















































CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Potlatch Corporation (PCH) Rating Increased to Buy at BidaskClub					

One Liberty Properties, Inc. (NYSE:OLP) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub					

Opko Health, Inc. (OPK) Upgraded to “Hold” at BidaskClub					

Oil-Dri Corporation Of America (NYSE:ODC) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Hold”					

Nortel Inversora SA (NTL) Lowered to “Hold” at BidaskClub					

National General Holdings Corp (NASDAQ:NGHC) Rating Increased to Hold at BidaskClub					

Marlin Business Services Corp. (NASDAQ:MRLN) Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub					

New Media Investment Group Inc. (NEWM) Cut to “Hold” at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Downgrades M&T Bank Corporation (MTB) to Hold					

Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) Cut to Hold at BidaskClub					

Modine Manufacturing Company (MOD) Downgraded to Hold at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Downgrades 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) to Hold					

Mercer International Inc. (NASDAQ:MERC) Upgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

Mobileye N.V. (MBLY) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Magna International, Inc. (MGA) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub					

MeetMe, Inc. (MEET) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub					

Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV) Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub					

MGP Ingredients, Inc. (NASDAQ:MGPI) Upgraded at BidaskClub					

Milacron Holdings Corp. (NYSE:MCRN) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Buy					

Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Buy”					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

						 July 21st, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Kyle Jackson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 






Tweet










Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Monday morning. 
According to Zacks, “CA is a leading information technology (IT) management software company. We are optimistic about CA’s acquisition strategy, which has enhanced its IT management, software and services portfolio. Moreover, we believe that the diversity of its products and the increased efficiency offered by them will attract customers across sectors, lending stability to its business model. Additionally, CA’s “go to market” sales strategy integrates the commercial functions of sales, marketing, brand management, pricing and consumer insight, which helps it in lowering costs, thereby improving the bottom line. Nonetheless, intensifying competition from peers, an uncertain economic environment, currency headwinds and the weak IT spending forecast by Gartner are other concerns. Notably, shares of the company has underperformed the broader market over the last one year period.”
Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the company. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a buy rating and issued a $38.00 price target on shares of CA in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  restated a market perform rating on shares of CA in a research report on Friday, May 12th. Raymond James Financial, Inc.  restated a market perform rating on shares of CA in a research report on Thursday, June 22nd. Citigroup Inc. upped their price target on CA from $34.00 to $36.00 and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 28th. Finally, DA Davidson lowered CA from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and five have issued  a buy rating to the stock. CA presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $35.10.




Shares of CA (NASDAQ:CA) opened at 34.64 on Monday. The company has a market capitalization of $14.47 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.72 and a beta of 0.87. CA has a 1-year low of $30.01 and a 1-year high of $36.54. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $33.50 and a 200 day moving average price of $32.46. 
CA (NASDAQ:CA) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.59 million. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The business’s revenue was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.60 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  CA will post $2.38 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: “CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research” was  posted by Watch List News and is the sole property of of Watch List News. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/ca-inc-nasdaqca-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research/1454075.html. 
In other CA news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total transaction of $1,075,510.28. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares in the company, valued at $6,000,367.10. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in CA. Parallel Advisors LLC boosted its position in  CA by 3.4% in the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 3,245 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $106,000 after buying an additional 107 shares during the period.  Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its position in  CA by 280.0% in the first quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 3,800 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $121,000 after buying an additional 2,800 shares during the period.  CENTRAL TRUST Co boosted its position in  CA by 7.4% in the second quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 4,609 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $159,000 after buying an additional 319 shares during the period.  Tompkins Financial Corp boosted its position in  CA by 294.7% in the first quarter. Tompkins Financial Corp now owns 5,387 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $165,000 after buying an additional 4,022 shares during the period.  Finally, Hefty Wealth Partners boosted its position in  CA by 5,080.4% in the first quarter. Hefty Wealth Partners now owns 5,284 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $167,000 after buying an additional 5,182 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  70.62% of the company’s stock. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on CA (CA)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com



Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Kyle Jackson 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 










































