










 













 




	COURBANIZE Trademark of coUrbanize, Inc.. Serial Number: 85920631 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Services & Scient...
COURBANIZE










 
Get FREE email alerts













COURBANIZE  Trademark Information
 coUrbanize, Inc.
Platform as a service (PAAS) featuring a software platform that allows users to expedite community approval of proposed real estate development projects, obtain information on proposed real estate development projects and provide feedback on proposed real estate development projects




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
platform   service   paas   featuring   software   platform   allows   users   expedite   community   approval   proposed   real   estate   development   projects      obtain   information   proposed   real   estate   development   projects   provide   feedback    
                                    




This is a brand page for the COURBANIZE trademark by coUrbanize, Inc. 
                                in Cambridge, MA, 02142.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this COURBANIZE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner coUrbanize, Inc. of the COURBANIZE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the COURBANIZE trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, May 01, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        COURBANIZE by 
                        coUrbanize, Inc., Cambridge, MA  02142.
                        The USPTO has given the COURBANIZE 
                        trademark serial  number of  85920631.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for COURBANIZE is 
                        
                        
                                            RYAN E. THOMAS of 
                                            GOODWIN PROCTER LLP,  TM Administrator, 100 Northern Avenue BOSTON MA 02210
                                .
                            The COURBANIZE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for COURBANIZE 
                            is Platform as a service (PAAS) featuring a software platform that allows users to expedite community approval of proposed real estate development projects, obtain information on proposed real estate development projects and provide feedback on proposed real estate development projects. 
                            





Word mark:
 COURBANIZE


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

7/29/2014



  Serial Number:  
85920631


  Filing Date:  
5/1/2013


 Registration Number:  
4577030 


 Registration Date:  
7/29/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Platform as a service (PAAS) featuring a software platform that allows users to expedite community approval of proposed real estate development projects, obtain information on proposed real estate development projects and provide feedback on proposed real estate development projects


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
10/1/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

coUrbanize, Inc.Cambridge, MA  02142
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


RYAN E. THOMAS
GOODWIN PROCTER LLP
TM Administrator
100 Northern Avenue
BOSTON MA 02210





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
5/16/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
5/16/2013





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your COURBANIZE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/29/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



RYAN E. THOMAS


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of COURBANIZE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search courbanize on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for COURBANIZE 




COURBANIZE is providing Platform as a service (PAAS) featuring a software platform that allows users to expedite community approval of proposed real estate development projects, obtain information on proposed real estate development projects and provide feedback on proposed real estate development projects.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















coUrbanize, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:56 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of coUrbanize, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
coUrbanize, Inc. develops and operates an online community engagement platform for real estate developers and municipal planners to connect with the community. It offers coUrbanize, a community engagement platform enables real estate developers and urban planners to post information with visualizations and descriptions, gather feedback, and host online conversations about their project plans with community members. The company was founded in 2013 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.


35 Kingston StreetUnit 1Boston, MA 02111United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 617-299-6068

Fax: 617-864-4552

courbanize.com







Key Executives for coUrbanize, Inc.




Ms. Karin Brandt Business Development Intern


      	Co-Founder and CEO
      








Mr. David Quinn Ph.D.


      	Co-Founder
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact coUrbanize, Inc., please visit courbanize.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





















List of Companies using CartoDB
























All Products ›
Web Mapping ›
CartoDB



Companies using CartoDB

We have found 76 companies that use CartoDB. Our data for CartoDB usage goes back as far as 8 months.

43% of CartoDB customers are in United States.
Of all the companies that are using CartoDB,
a majority (66%) are small (<50 employees), 4% are large (>1000 employees) and 15% are medium-sized.
                        
                    
                        
                        Looking at CartoDB customers by industry, we find that  Nonprofit Organization Management (11%) and Computer Software (7%) are the largest segments.
                    
                    




 Who uses CartoDB?


Here are the top companies that use CartoDB :


Logo
Company
Website
Signal Strength
Scan Date







Metropolitan Area Planning Agency
mapacog.org

2017-05-07





Keyteq AS
keyteq.no

2017-05-07





coUrbanize, Inc.
courbanize.com

2017-05-07





H&M Land and Mineral, Inc.
hmlandandminerals.com

2017-05-07





FRIEDRICHS FAMILY EYE CENTER PC
friedrichsfamilyeyecenter.com

2017-05-07







Get full list of 76 companies that use CartoDB





 CartoDB Market Share and Competitors in Web Mapping


 We use the best scanning techniques combined with advanced data science to monitor the market share of over 5,000 technology products, including Web Mapping. In the Web Mapping category, CartoDB has a market share of about 0.1%. Other major and competing products in this category include: 
                        





 Market Share: 

 0.1% 
 76 Companies




 CartoDB vs the competition 

438,302 companies using Google-Maps
4,064 companies using MapBox
3,685 companies using MapQuest
3,249 companies using Bing-Maps
3,043 companies using Map-Point
 View all other top products



What is CartoDB?

CARTO (formerly CartoDB) is a Software as a Service (SaaS) cloud computing platform that provides GIS and web mapping tools for display in a web browser. The company is positioned as a Location Intelligence platform due to tools with an aptitude for data analysis and visualization that do not require previous GIS or development experience.




Get full list of 76 companies that use CartoDB















×
Request companies using CartoDB
























You are looking for:
Lead generation
Job search
Product evaluation
Market Research
Other






















What happens once I submit a request?
Someone from the iDatalabs team will get back to you within 24 hours with more information.
How much is the cost? 
The cost depends on various factors, such as number of records, number of products and use of advanced
                filtering and search criteria.
Will I start getting spam on my email?
Definitely not! We will not be adding you to an email lists or sending you any marketing materials without your permission.




Trusted by some amazing companies











































Frank Fay is now serving in a new position at coUrbanize, Inc.


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology












See more news on Board and Executive Moves




        Frank Fay is now serving in a new position at coUrbanize, Inc.    























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 

          Jul 25, 2017                         - RelSci Data Update                

          Board and Executive Moves      




Background Information:


Frank Fay »
Vice President, Development & Planning at coUrbanize, Inc.


Career:




                                                                coUrbanize, Inc.                                                            










Frank Fay »
Vice President, Development & Planning at coUrbanize, Inc.






Career:

•


                                                                                    coUrbanize, Inc.                                                                                    









See more news on Board and Executive Moves









You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Connect to Individuals and Organizations In This Story

Upgrade to RelSci Pro to easily sync your contacts and see how you can reach the people and organizations featured in this article.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now










Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













coUrbanize Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > coUrbanizecoUrbanizecbEDITcbLocationCambridge, MARevenue$1.4mTotal Funding$1.73mFounded2013Employees10StageprivateCompany Websitecourbanize.com/LinkedInlinkedin.com/coUrbanizecoUrbanize is a community engagement platform that helps residents, real estate
developers, city planners, and municipalities build better cities together.Keywordscommercial real estate,real estate,govtech,saas,ventures for goodcoUrbanize's Executive TeamNameTitle Karin BrandtCEO, Co-FounderDavid QuinnCo-FounderLooking to contact coUrbanize?Request free trial for DataFoxcoUrbanize's Private Funding Rounds$1.73m TotalDateAmountInvestorsOct 2016$360.5kUnknownAug 2015$701.16kUnknownOct 2013$550.81kUnknownWant to view and download all of coUrbanize's funding rounds?VIEW FINANCIAL DATARecent Videos for coUrbanizecoUrbanize's Karin BrandtThis video is about coUrbanize's Karin Brandt.coUrbanizeBuild Better Cities, Together. by David Quinn coUrbanize is a startup that provides an online community management platform for urban developers to share pro...coUrbanize CompetitorsAunt BerthaClick here to learn more about Aunt Bertha, the leading software platform...BasicGov SystemsBasicGov Systems, Inc. is the leading pioneer of cloud solutions that...SeamlessDocsSeamlessGov is working with cities from Jersey City, NJ to Los Angeles, CA...See 2 more with a free trialRecent News from coUrbanizeStart trial to view recent news about coUrbanize.Request trialBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service

coUrbanize FAQ’s and Community Guidelines



































FAQs







These guidelines are designed to ensure that coUrbanize is a place where everyone feels comfortable and respected. It’s up to all of us to keep it that way.

Share honestly, constructively, and confidently.
Share

            Your ideas strengthen the community, online and in real life. We invite you to share your experiences, thoughts, and reactions to proposed projects freely. The more creative, the better. Remember that your comments might be republished by coUrbanize, the project team, their affiliates, government officials, and the media (but only if they’re awesome).
        
Honestly

            Real names are one way we keep coUrbanize a transparent and respectful place for everyone to voice their opinions. It’s the same rule as in-person community meetings, where you introduce yourself before speaking. Before we display your comments, we ask that you log in with your full first and last name, or your full first name and last initial. Until you update your profile to provide these, your comments will be hidden from view.
        
Constructively

            It's okay to disagree or criticize. We did when we wrote these rules! But please, don’t use profanity or direct threats toward others. Bullying, harassment, and hate speech are not permitted in any form. Comments containing profanity are automatically hidden by our software, and other threatening comments will be hidden at the discretion of coUrbanize. Also, please don’t post spam or sales pitches. We love coupons, just not on our site.
        
Confidently

            We respect your privacy. We don’t share your private information with developers, advertisers, or outside entities. We ask that you not post private or copyrighted information without permission. coUrbanize never hides, edits, or deletes comments that comply with these guidelines, and we don’t mess with their popularity ranking. We keep it real.
        

Together, we can build better communities.

            We work hard to make sure that coUrbanize is friendly place. If you see something that you feel is inappropriate, help us do something about it. You can flag a questionable comment for review by clicking the flag icon next to it, or you can contact us with more detailed questions at info@courbanize.com. Thanks for coUrbanizing!
        

            Your participation on coUrbanize is also subject to our very lawyerly Terms of Use.
        




Our Policy
Welcome to the web site (the “Site”) of coUrbanize Inc. (“coUrbanize”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”). This Site is operated by coUrbanize and has been created to provide information about our company and to provide information on the services we provide to commercial real estate development firms and public project developers (“Developer Partners”) to provide project information and updates online with the capability to respond to community comments and questions (the “coUrbanize Services”) to our Site visitors (“you”, “your”). This Privacy Policy sets forth coUrbanize’s policy with respect to information including personally identifiable data (“Personal Data”) and other information that is collected from Site visitors.
Click on the links to open to each section:

Information We Collect

When you interact with us through the Site, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:

Personal Data That You Provide Through the Site: We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the Site or the coUrbanize Services or use certain coUrbanize Services. Wherever coUrbanize collects Personal Data we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy.
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to this Site, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of coUrbanize and the authorized third parties referred to herein located in the United States.
 Other Information:
Non-Identifiable Data: When you interact with coUrbanize through the Site, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. coUrbanize may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by coUrbanize affiliates, agents or service providers. This Site may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.
In operating this Site, we may use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Site gives to your browser when you access the Site. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately. For instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Site without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the Site. In all cases in which we use cookies, we will not collect Personal Data except with your permission. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Site’s features. In addition to cookies, we may also use web beacons and/or other technologies to collect certain personally non-identifiable data, which data may include, among other things, information such as your IP address, Site web pages viewed by you, date and time and domain type. This information helps us understand user behavior on the Site and improve the Site functionality. We do not use cookies or other technologies to track you web visits and information outside of the Site.
Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the coUrbanize Services, coUrbanize often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and coUrbanize may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. coUrbanize may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.


Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information

coUrbanize uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to the coUrbanize Services, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. coUrbanize and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “coUrbanize Related Companies”) may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Site to help us improve the content and functionality of the Site, to better understand our users and to improve the coUrbanize Services. coUrbanize and its affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.
If coUrbanize intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected.

Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information

coUrbanize is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:

Developer Partners: We may share your information, including Personal Data where appropriate, with Developer Partners as necessary for the operation of the Site, including to allow Developer Partners to reply to any comments you make and make changes to the content on the Site based on your comments.  Any Developer Partners with whom information is shared are subject to all the restrictions in this Privacy Policy as regards such information.
Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.
Related Companies: We may also share your Personal Data with our Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: coUrbanize, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.
Legal Requirements: coUrbanize may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of coUrbanize, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.


Your Choices

You can use the Site without providing any Personal Data. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data, you may not be able to use certain coUrbanize Services.

Exclusions

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by coUrbanize other than Personal Data collected through the Site. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to coUrbanize through this Site or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Site, such as bulletin boards (collectively, “Public Areas”), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and coUrbanize shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.

Children

coUrbanize does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Site. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on this Site without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to coUrbanize through this Site, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.

Links to Other Web Sites

This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site. This Site may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by coUrbanize (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from this Site do not imply that coUrbanize endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.

Social Media

Through the Site, you can choose to access certain social media websites and services that are owned and/or controlled by third parties (including, without limitation, Facebook and Twitter) (such websites and services, collectively, the “Social Media Services”). When you elect to access and use the Social Media Services, you will be sharing your information (which will include personal information if you elect to share such information) with those Social Media Services. As with other Third Party Sites, the information that you share with the Social Media Services will be governed by the privacy policies and terms of service of the providers of such Social Media Services and not by the policies and procedures we describe here. You may also be able to modify your privacy settings with these Social Media Services to, for example, control what information the Social Media Services disclose to other entities, including coUrbanize. When you add Social Media Service accounts to the coUrbanize Services or log into the Site using your Social Media Services account, we will collect relevant information necessary to enable the Site to access that Social Media Service, however you will provide your login information, like your password, directly to such Social Media Service (and not to coUrbanize). As part of such integration, the Social Media Service will provide coUrbanize with access to certain information that you have provided to such Social Media Service, and we will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and, if and to the extent applicable, the policies of such Social Media Services. However, please remember that the manner in which Social Media Services use, store and disclose your information is governed by the policies of the applicable Social Media Services provider, and, as a result, coUrbanize shall not have any liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of Social Media Services that may be enabled within and/or otherwise accessible through the Site.

Security

coUrbanize takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Site from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this Site may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to coUrbanize via the Internet.

Other Terms and Conditions

Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the Terms of Use.

Changes to coUrbanize’s Privacy Policy

The Site and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for coUrbanize to make changes to this Privacy Policy. coUrbanize reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated below. Your continued use of the Site after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.

Access to Information; Contacting coUrbanize

To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via this Site.
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about coUrbanize’s Privacy Policy or the information practices of this Site.
You may contact us as follows: info@courbanize.com

Your California Privacy Rights

Applicable California privacy legislation permits visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request to access such information, please contact us as follows: info@courbanize.com Within thirty (30) days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this paragraph. 


This Privacy Policy was last updated on August 18, 2014.



coUrbanize (“coUrbanize,” “we,” “us,” “our”) provides information about our company and the services we provide to registered users and real estate development firms to you through its website located at www.courbanize.com (the “Site”) (collectively, such services, including any new features, and the Site, the “Service”), subject to the following Terms of Service (as amended from time to time, the “Terms of Use”).  We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or delete portions of these Terms of Use at any time without further notice.  You should periodically visit this page to review the current Terms of Use so you are aware of any revision to which you are bound.  If we do this, we will post the changes to these Terms of Use on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised.  Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Use.  If you do not agree to abide by these or any future Terms of Use, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) the Site.  It is your responsibility to regularly check the Site to determine if there have been changes to these Terms of Use and to review such changes.
PLEASE READ THIS Terms of Use CAREFULLY AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, REMEDIES AND OBLIGATIONS. THESE INCLUDE VARIOUS LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS, AND A DISPUTE RESOLUTION CLAUSE THAT GOVERNS HOW DISPUTES WILL BE RESOLVED.
In addition, when using certain services, you shall be subject to any additional terms applicable to such services that may be posted on the Site from time to time, including, without limitation, the Privacy Policy. All such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use. 
Access and Use of the Service 

Mobile Services: The Service includes certain services that are available via a mobile device, including, but not limited to, (i) the ability to upload content to the Service via a mobile device, (ii) the ability to browse the Service and the Site from a mobile device and (iii) the ability to access certain features through an application downloaded and installed on a mobile device (collectively, the “Mobile Services”).  To the extent you access the Service through a mobile device, your wireless service carrier’s standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply.  You should check with your carrier to find out what plans are available and how much they cost.  In addition, downloading, installing, or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices.  Therefore, you should check with your carrier to find out if the Mobile Services are available for your mobile device, and what restrictions, if any, may be applicable to your use of such Mobile Services.  By using the Mobile Services, you agree that we may communicate with you regarding coUrbanize and other entities by SMS, MMS, text message or other electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the Mobile Services may be communicated to us.  In the event you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number, you agree to promptly update your coUrbanize account information to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person that acquires your old number.
Age: If you are under 13 years of age, you are not authorized to use the Service, with or without registering.  In addition, if you are under 18 years old, you may use the Service, with or without registering, only with the approval of your parent or guardian.
Your Registration Obligations: You are required to register with coUrbanize in order to access and use the Service and certain features including but not limited to posting comments, saving projects, and voting your support for certain projects.  If you choose to register for the Service, you agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service’s registration form.  Registration data and certain other information about you are protected and governed by our Privacy Policy.
 Member Account, Password and Security: You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, if any, and are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify coUrbanize of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session when accessing the Service. coUrbanize will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section.
Modifications to Service: coUrbanize reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that coUrbanize shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
General Practices Regarding Use and Storage: You acknowledge that coUrbanize may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service, including without limitation the maximum period of time that data or other content will be retained by the Service and the maximum storage space that will be allotted on coUrbanize’s servers on your behalf. You agree that coUrbanize has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any data or other content maintained or transmitted by the Service. You acknowledge that coUrbanize reserves the right to terminate accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that coUrbanize reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice.

Conditions of Use

User Conduct: You are solely responsible for all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials (“content”) that you upload, post, publish or display (hereinafter, “post”) or email or otherwise transmit or use via the Service.  The following are examples of the kind of content and/or use that is illegal or prohibited by coUrbanize.  coUrbanize reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in coUrbanize’s sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending content from the Service, suspending or terminating the account of such violators and reporting you to the law enforcement authorities.  You agree to not use the Service to:

 post, email or otherwise transmit any content that (i) is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, excessively violent, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another‘s privacy, hateful racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable or which promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; (ii) you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (iii) poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person; (iv) infringes any intellectual property or other proprietary rights of coUrbanize or any other party or which constitutes or promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of any other party’s copyrighted work; (v) constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, commercial activities and/or sales, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” “contests,” “sweepstakes,” or any other form of solicitation, or use any distribution lists including any person who has not given specific permission to be included in such a process (commercial or otherwise); (vi) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; or (vii) in the sole judgment of coUrbanize, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Service, or which may expose coUrbanize or its users to any harm or liability of any type;
 “stalk,” harass, advocate harassment or otherwise violate the legal rights of others;
 harm minors in any way;  impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;
 exploit people in a sexual or violent manner;
 solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18;
 harvest or collect email addresses or other contact information of other users from the Service or the Site by electronic or other means for the purposes of sending unsolicited emails or other unsolicited communications;
 forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;
 download any file that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot legally be distributed in such manner;
 advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose that is not specifically authorized;
 interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service; or
 violate any terms which may be applicable for any particular area of the Service; or intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any regulations having the force of law;
 use the Service in any unlawful manner or in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Service or interfere with any other party‘s use and enjoyment of the Service;
 further or promote any criminal activity or enterprise or provide instructional information about illegal activities including, but not limited to making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone’s privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses; or
 obtain or attempt to access or otherwise obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Service.

Personal Use: The Service is for your personal use and may not be used for direct commercial endeavors.

Fees: You acknowledge that coUrbanize reserves the right to charge for any portion of the Service and to change its fees (if any) from time to time in its discretion.  If coUrbanize terminates your account and use of the Service because you have breached these Terms of Use, you shall not be entitled to the refund of any unused portion of fees or payments (if any).

  Special Notice for International Use; Export Controls: Software available in connection with the Service and the transmission of applicable data, if any, is subject to United States export controls.  No Software may be downloaded from the Service or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of U.S. export laws.  Downloading or using the Software is at your sole risk.  Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content.  Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.  
  No Resale of Service: Unless otherwise specified, you agree not to display, distribute, license, perform, publish, reproduce, duplicate, copy, create derivative works from, modify, sell, resell, exploit, transfer or transmit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.

Intellectual Property Rights

  Service Content, Software and Trademarks: You acknowledge and agree that the Service may contain content (“Service Content”) that is protected by copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights and laws.  Except as expressly authorized by coUrbanize, you agree not to modify, copy, frame, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Service Content, in whole or in part, except that the foregoing does not apply to your own User Content (as defined below) that you legally upload to the Site.  Provided that you are eligible for use of the Service, you are granted a limited license to access and use the Site and the Service Content and to download or print a copy of any portion of the Service Content to which you have properly gained access solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep all copyright or other proprietary notices intact.  Such license is subject to this Terms of Use and does not permit use of any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods.  Any use of the Site or the Service Content other than as specifically authorized herein is strictly prohibited and will automatically terminate the license granted herein.  The technology and software underlying the Service is the property of coUrbanize, our affiliates and our partners (the “Software”).  You agree not to copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer any right in the Software.  Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by coUrbanize.
The coUrbanize name and logo are trademarks and service marks of coUrbanize (collectively the “coUrbanize Trademarks”).  Other company, product, and service names and logos used and displayed via the Service may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners who may or may not endorse or be affiliated with or connected to coUrbanize. Nothing in this Terms of Use or the Service should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of coUrbanize Trademarks displayed on the Service, without our prior written permission in each instance. All goodwill generated from the use of coUrbanize Trademarks will inure to our exclusive benefit.
 Third Party Material:  Under no circumstances will coUrbanize be liable in any way for any content posted by third parties or at the direction of users, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via the Service.  You acknowledge that coUrbanize does not pre-screen content, but that coUrbanize and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or move any content that is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, coUrbanize and its designees shall have the right to remove any content that violates these Terms of Use or is deemed by coUrbanize, in its sole discretion, to be otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such content. 
 User Content Posted on the Site:  You are solely responsible for the content and other materials you post on or through the Service or the Site or transmit to or share with other users or recipients (collectively, “User Content”).  You will not post any content that you did not create or that you do not own all right, title and interest in and to, including, without limitation, all copyright and rights of publicity contained therein.  By posting any User Content you hereby grant and will grant coUrbanize and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicenseable, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, display, transmit, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your User Content in connection with the operation of the Service or the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof, in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed.  
You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about the Site or the Service (“Submissions”), provided by you to coUrbanize are non-confidential and coUrbanize shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.  
You acknowledge and agree that coUrbanize may preserve content and may also disclose content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests; (b) enforce these Terms of Use; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of coUrbanize, its users and the public. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

  Copyright Complaints: coUrbanize respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same.  If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, you should notify coUrbanize or your infringement claim in accordance with the procedure set forth below.
coUrbanize will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any alleged or actual infringement.  A notification of claimed copyright infringement should be emailed to coUrbanize’s Copyright Agent at  info@courbanize.com for (Subject line:  “DMCA” Takedown Request”).  
To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information: 

 an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
 a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
 a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site, with enough detail that we may find it on the Site;
 your address, telephone number, and email address;
 a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law;
 a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner‘s behalf.

Counter-Notice: If you believe that your User Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content in your User Content, you may send a written counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright Agent:

 your physical or electronic signature;
 identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
 a statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and
 your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court located within Boston, Massachusetts and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.

If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, coUrbanize will send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at coUrbanize’s sole discretion.
Repeat Infringer Policy: In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, coUrbanize has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at coUrbanize 's sole discretion, members who are deemed to be repeat infringers.  coUrbanize may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Site and/or terminate the memberships of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.

Hyperlinks to Third Party Websites; Advertising
The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other sites and resources on the Internet. coUrbanize has no control over such sites and resources and coUrbanize is not responsible for and does not endorse such sites and resources. You further acknowledge and agree that coUrbanize shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, events, goods or services available on or through any such hyperlinked site or resource. Any dealings you have with advertisers found while using the Service are between you and the advertiser, and you agree that coUrbanize is not liable for any loss or claim that you may have against an advertiser.
Indemnity and Release
You agree to release, indemnify and hold coUrbanize and the coUrbanize Entities harmless from any from any and all losses, damages, expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, rights, claims, actions of any kind and injury (including death) arising out of or relating to your use of the Service, any User Content, your connection to the Service, your violation of these Terms of Use or your violation of any rights of another.  If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code §1542, which says: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.”  This release includes, without limitation, any claim resulting from delay and the criminal acts of others.
Disclaimer of Warranties
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. coUrbanize EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
coUrbanize MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (II) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (III) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (IV) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR EQUIPMENT OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OR USE OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL. NO INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM coUrbanize OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN These Terms of Use.
ALWAYS USE CAUTION WHEN GIVING OUT ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF OR YOUR CHILDREN. coUrbanize DOES NOT CONTROL OR ENDORSE THE CONTENT, MESSAGES OR INFORMATION FOUND ON THE SERVICE AND, THEREFORE, coUrbanize SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY WITH REGARD TO THE SERVICE AND ANY OTHER ACTIONS RESULTING FROM YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE SERVICE.
Limitation of Liability
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT coUrbanize SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF coUrbanize HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, RESULTING FROM: (I) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (II) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (IV) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (V) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE. IN NO EVENT SHALL coUrbanize’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICE.
Arbitration
At coUrbanize’s or your election, all disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to the Terms of Use or the Service that are not resolved by mutual agreement may be resolved by binding arbitration to be conducted before J.A.M.S./Endispute, Inc., or its successor.  coUrbanize shall advance the costs of such binding arbitration, but you agree that should coUrbanize prevail in the arbitration, coUrbanize is entitled to reimbursement of all costs.  Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, arbitration will be held in Boston, Massachusetts before a single arbitrator mutually agreed upon by the parties, or if the parties cannot mutually agree, a single arbitrator appointed by J.A.M.S./Endispute, Inc., and will be conducted in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by J.A.M.S./Endispute, Inc. unless specifically modified in the Terms of Use.  The arbitration must commence within forty-five (45) days of the date on which a written demand for arbitration is filed by either party.  The arbitrator will have the power to order the production of documents by each party and any third-party witnesses.  In addition, each party may take up to three (3) depositions as of right, and the arbitrator will not have the power to order the answering of interrogatories or the responses to requests for admission or the inspection of premises.  In connection with any arbitration, each party must provide to the other, no later than ten (10) business days before the date of the arbitration, the identity of all persons that may testify at the arbitration, a copy of all documents that may be introduced at the arbitration or considered or used by a party’s witness or expert, and a summary of the expert’s opinions and the basis for said opinions.  The arbitrator’s decision and award shall be made and delivered within sixty (60) days of the conclusion of the arbitration and within six (6) months of the selection of the arbitrator.  The arbitrator will not have the power to award damages in excess of the limitation on actual compensatory damages set forth in the Terms of Use and may not multiply actual damages or award punitive damages or any other damages that are specifically excluded under the Terms of Use, and each party hereby irrevocably waives any claim to such damages.  The parties covenant and agree that they will participate in the arbitration in good faith.  The arbitrator may, in his or her discretion, assess costs and expenses (including the reasonable legal fees and expenses of the prevailing part) against any party to a proceeding.  Any party refusing to comply with an order of the arbitrators will be liable for costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, incurred by the other party in enforcing the award.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of temporary or preliminary injunctive relief, any party may proceed in court without prior arbitration for the purpose of avoiding immediate and irreparable harm.  The provisions of this arbitration section will be enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Termination
You agree that coUrbanize, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your account (or any part thereof) or use of the Service and remove and discard any content within the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if coUrbanize believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms of Use. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of your use of service, may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. coUrbanize may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Service, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of this Terms of Use may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that coUrbanize may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Service. Further, you agree that coUrbanize shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Service.
User Disputes
You agree that you are solely responsible for your interactions with any other user of the Service.  coUrbanize reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with disputes between you and any other user of the Service.
General
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and coUrbanize and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and coUrbanize with respect to the Service. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. These Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to its conflict of law provisions. With respect to any disputes or claims not subject to arbitration, as set forth above, you and coUrbanize agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within Boston, Massachusetts.   EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY CLAIMS, COUNTERCLAIMS, CROSS-CLAIMS, OR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS) ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.  FURTHER, EACH PARTY HERETO CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OR AGENT OF EITHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH PARTY WOULD NOT IN THE EVENT OF SUCH LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THIS WAIVER OF RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL PROVISION.  EACH OF THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS SECTION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE OTHER PARTY ENTERING INTO THIS Terms of Use.  The failure of coUrbanize to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms of Use remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or these Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. The section titles in these Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail. The Service may also provide notices to you of changes to these Terms of Use or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices generally on the Service.
Your Privacy
At coUrbanize, we respect the privacy of our users. For details please see our Privacy Policy. By using the Service, you consent to our collection and use of personal data as outlined therein.
Questions? Concerns? Suggestions?
    Please contact us at info@courbanize.com to report any violations of these Terms of Use or to pose any questions regarding this Terms of Use or the Service.
    Date of Last Revision: April 12, 2013.


Watch
Here’s a short video series to help you get your project page off to a great start.
Getting Started

Make an Impression With Your Landing Page


Tell a Story With Visualizations


Summarize on the Sidebar


Boost Your Benefits


Adding Information and Plans


Roll Out the Milestones With Your Timeline


Fight Confusion With FAQs

How To Have A Successful Project

Start Off Strong With a Comment


Go Behind the Scenes With Your Dashboard


Replying to Comments


Keep Followers in the Loop With Updates


Engagement Tips



Read

        Here's a selection of posts from our blog with some great advice on how to keep your project running smoothly.
    
General Tips for Success

How to Engage Residents Online in 10 Minutes a Day


How to Effectively Engage With Residents Online

Write Great Updates

How to Keep Residents Up-To-Date Using a Civic Engagement Platform


5 Tips for Posting Updates on an Online Community Engagement Platform

Make Your Replies Count

7 Tips to Manage Online Commenting


How Planners Can Beat Gridlock When Engaging Residents


How to Maximize Value From Your Online Engagement Project

Boost Online Engagement With Offline Promotion

How Planners Can Drive Online Engagement For Their Projects


In-Person Promotion Guide
















