


Chief Product Officer of Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Cox Christopher K, sells 16,000 shares worth ,628,483









































Stay Connected

Latest Posts in RSS

BusinessEntertainmentFeatured NewsFeatured Press ReleaseFinanceHealthLifestyleNationNon FirstPageOriginalPress ReleaseReviewShoppingSportsStocksTechnologyTravelWorld


Latest Comments in RSS


 / 













EmpoweredNews
World News Summary Helping You Stay Informed









Business
Finance
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Technology
Travel
Shopping




Our Writers
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Advertise
Press Releases
















Chief Product Officer of Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Cox Christopher K, sells 16,000 shares worth $2,628,483
According to Facebook's most recent Form 4 filing with the SEC dated Jul 21 06:28 PM, company Chief Product Officer, Cox Christopher K disclosed selling 16,000 shares at a cost of $164.28. At the time of this transaction (Jul 21), this trade was worth $2,628,483 in total. As of Jul 21, Cox Christopher K now owns 196,871 shares in total worth about $32,324,958.2256. 
For the last few recent trades made by Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) Chief Product Officer, Cox Christopher K, we have the following information:




SEC Form 4 filing: Dec 27: Sold 15,600 shares at the rate of $117.11 per share. Total worth of this trade was $1,826,916. Total number of shares owned as of Dec 27 were 376,738
SEC Form 4 filing: Dec 15: Sold 5,934 shares at the rate of $120.55 per share. Total worth of this trade was $715,337. Total number of shares owned as of Dec 15 were 392,338
SEC Form 4 filing: Dec 12: Sold 15,600 shares at the rate of $118.54 per share. Total worth of this trade was $1,849,146. Total number of shares owned as of Dec 12 were 386,901




					Posted by  



George Daniels 

					
					on Friday July 21 2017, 8:43 PM EDT. 

All trademarks acknowledged. 
Filed under Stocks.

	Comments closed, Trackbacks open.	
 Follow responses: 
RSS 2.0




Comments are closed


 Latest News 
Vice President of The Ensign Group (NASDAQ:ENSG), Port Barry, sells 10,000 shares worth $230,000
Director of Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), Barton Richard N, sells 1,000 shares worth $187,790
10% Owner of Qualstar Corporation (NASDAQ:QBAK), Gervais William J, sells 25,000 shares worth $231,568
Director of HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ), Whitman Margaret C, sells 221,960 shares worth $4,296,657
Chief Technology Officer of Wayfair Inc (NYSE:W), Mulliken John Champlin, sells 700 shares worth $56,049
Chief Operating Officer of Wayfair Inc (NYSE:W), Savarese James, sells 29,482 shares worth $2,358,560
Chief Product/Marketing of Wayfair Inc (NYSE:W), Macri Edmond, sells 600 shares worth $45,966
Chief Executive Officer of Wayfair Inc (NYSE:W), Shah Niraj, sells 26,000 shares worth $1,986,920
Co-Founder of Wayfair Inc (NYSE:W), Conine Steven, sells 26,000 shares worth $1,986,920
Director of Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ONCE), Mehra Anand, sells 211,858 shares worth $14,861,993

 


News Categories 
Business (7)

Stocks (15,535)



Entertainment (1,297)

Featured News (3,486)

Featured Press Release (252,416)

Finance (309)

Health (653)

Lifestyle (19)

Nation (90)

Non FirstPage (2)

Original (47)

Press Release (17)

Review (1)

Shopping (267)

Sports (613)

Technology (194)

Travel (286)

World (1,367)


  Featured Press Releases 
Vice President of The Ensign Group (NASDAQ:ENSG), Port Barry, sells 10,000 shares worth $230,000
Director of Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), Barton Richard N, sells 1,000 shares worth $187,790
10% Owner of Qualstar Corporation (NASDAQ:QBAK), Gervais William J, sells 25,000 shares worth $231,568
Director of HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ), Whitman Margaret C, sells 221,960 shares worth $4,296,657
Chief Technology Officer of Wayfair Inc (NYSE:W), Mulliken John Champlin, sells 700 shares worth $56,049
Chief Operating Officer of Wayfair Inc (NYSE:W), Savarese James, sells 29,482 shares worth $2,358,560
Chief Product/Marketing of Wayfair Inc (NYSE:W), Macri Edmond, sells 600 shares worth $45,966
Chief Executive Officer of Wayfair Inc (NYSE:W), Shah Niraj, sells 26,000 shares worth $1,986,920
Co-Founder of Wayfair Inc (NYSE:W), Conine Steven, sells 26,000 shares worth $1,986,920
Director of Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ONCE), Mehra Anand, sells 211,858 shares worth $14,861,993







Business
Finance
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Technology
Travel
Shopping
 

About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Press Releases
Terms Of Service
 
Log in 
















Insider trading history of Cox Christopher T    at Medicines Co /de 



















Insider Monitor



Realtime

Insider Buys 

Insider buys today     
Insider buys 1 day ago
Insider buys 2 days ago
Insider buys 3 days ago
Insider buys 4 days ago
Insider buys 5 days ago
Insider buys 6 days ago
Insider buys 7 days ago
Insider buys 8 days ago
Insider buys 9 days ago
Insider buys 10 days ago



Insider Sales 

Insider sales today       
Insider sales 1 day ago
Insider sales 2 days ago
Insider sales 3 days ago
Insider sales 4 days ago
Insider sales 5 days ago
Insider sales 6 days ago
Insider sales 7 days ago



Top 10 

Top 10 insider buys of the week
Top 10 officer buys of the week
Top 10 insider buys of the month
Top 10 officer buys of the month
Top 10 insider sales of the week
Top 10 insider sales of the month









               
		







 Insider Stock Trading History of Cox Christopher T  








The following table details the trading activities 
(stock purchases, stock sales, and stock option exercises) 
reported to 
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 
by insider Cox Christopher T  since year 2005. 
The trader's CIK number is 1557341.
At the time of this reporting, Cox Christopher T  is the EVP & Chief Corp. Dev. Officer of Medicines Co /de . 
(stock ticker symbol MDCO).
See this page for all insider trading activities at Medicines Co /de . 


Note that in the past Cox Christopher T also reported insider trading activities as an insider of the following companies:
 Insider Activities at Medicines Co /de  (MDCO)
 Insider Activities at Datawatch Corp  (DWCH)




Stock purchases, sales, and option exercises reported by insider Cox Christopher T  since 2005.
  

   Trade Date   
 Symbol 
 Company Name (Issuer) 
 Trade Type 
     Shares   
     Price ($)
   Value ($) 

 2016-12-08  MDCO  Medicines Co /de   Buy  16,500  32.52  536,580 
 2016-12-07  MDCO  Medicines Co /de   Buy  89,000  33.33  2,966,370 
 2016-06-10  MDCO  Medicines Co /de   Buy  20,010  37.22  744,672 
 2016-06-08  MDCO  Medicines Co /de   Buy  25,975  38.43  998,219 
 2016-06-07  MDCO  Medicines Co /de   Buy  53,340  37.50  2,000,250 
 2014-02-19  DWCH  Datawatch Corp   Buy  35,000  28.50  997,500 
 2013-11-21  DWCH  Datawatch Corp   Buy  6,163  32.14  198,078 
 2013-08-27  DWCH  Datawatch Corp   Buy  1,565  22.35  34,977 
 2013-08-26  DWCH  Datawatch Corp   Buy  11,000  23.11  254,188 


Insider trading activities including stock purchases, stock sales, and option exercises
listed in the above table cannot be completely guaranteed as to their accuracy.
For more  information regarding the trades made by Cox Christopher T  
(EVP & Chief Corp. Dev. Officer of Medicines Co /de  at the time of this reporting) see 

the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  website.


















 



















Newest Insider Buys 
Insider Trading Resources 
Archive  
Privacy  
Contact  
2016,2017 Market Holidays 
Market Hours 






Tweet



 ©2017, insider-monitor.com. All rights reserved. 
 















Cox Christopher T Law Office - Cox Christopher T El Paso, TX Lawyers Online.












































Cox Christopher T El Paso, TX Location
Cox Christopher T - Law Office in El Paso: Law Firms, Lawyers, & Attorneys
















Law Office and Lawyers in El Paso
Cox Christopher T - El Paso, TX
		  Congratulations!  You have successfully navigated through our Law Office section to find a El Paso, TX Law Office or Lawyers information!        



Law Office|Texas|El Paso
El Paso - Law Office Information Center

Cox Christopher T Information

						Cox Christopher T: Law Office and Lawyers6006 N Mesa St Ste 220 El Paso, TX 79912-4618					


Law Office Specialty: Services
Phone: (915) 581-3477
County: El Paso








Cox Christopher T El Paso, TX 
					Law Office Location & Map to Cox Christopher T - Services					View Larger Map

Law Office Location Schema: LocalBusiness

Cox Christopher T 

6006 N Mesa St Ste 220
El Paso,
							TX
79912-4618
US

						Phone: (915) 581-3477




			You will find any areas of specialty for Cox Christopher T listed as well as the organization's address and phone number.  Additional information about Cox Christopher T will be displayed if available.Be sure to compare this El Paso, TX Law Office to featured Law Office, and others in your area.			
			To perform another search on any of the Law Office topics including those below, click here.El Paso, TX Law OfficeLawyersEl Paso, TX AttorneysLaw Firms 





Today's Featured Texas Law Office

Minton Burton Foster & Collins1900 Pearl StAustin, TX 78705-5408H A Coe Jr1015 Redwood StKountze, TX 77625-5313Perry N Bass5555 West Loop S # 240Bellaire, TX 77401-2100Robert C May1000 Heritage Center CirRound Rock, TX 78664-4463Hal Hudson2701 Louisiana StHouston, TX 77006-3521Joy & Young LLP1801 S MO Pac Expy # 300Austin, TX 78746-7551Hasten & Hansen3825 W Green Oaks Blvd # 250Arlington, TX 76016-6702Leonard B Gabbay P C1104 San Antonio StAustin, TX 78701-2109Mary Burdin Esq3527 Oak Lawn Ave 140Dallas, TX 75219-4309Charles R Chesnutt Law Office18333 Preston Rd # 500Dallas, TX 75252-5469 
About Law Office List

Translate:



 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

Powered by Google(TM) Translate

For Law Office
				Join our directory, free!  Registration is only open to US law office only. Add your law office here.

Disaster Relief Services

AMERICAN RED CROSS
						Phone: 1-800-RED CROSS (1-800-733-2767)
						Text message: Text "REDCROSS" to 90999 to donate $10 to American Red Cross Disaster Relief. 
						












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Cox Christopher T Atty in El Paso, TX 79912 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Texas
» El Paso
» Attorneys
» Cox Christopher T Atty













Cox Christopher T Atty


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





6006 N Mesa st Ste 220  El Paso, Texas 79912


(915) 581-3477


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Cox Christopher T Atty is located at the address 6006 N Mesa st Ste 220 in El Paso, Texas 79912.  They can be contacted via phone at (915) 581-3477 for pricing, hours and directions.  Cox Christopher T Atty has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Christopher  Cox, For maps and directions to Cox Christopher T Atty view the map to the right.  For reviews of Cox Christopher T Atty see below.










Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (915) 581-3477
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Christopher
Main Contact Last Name: Cox
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 4
Exact Sales Volume: 220000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Attorneys
Professional Services
Legal Services



People Also Viewed


El Paso Traffic Ticket Firm - Attorney Robert Navar


11860 Vista Del Sol #119  El Paso, Texas 79936




Weiser Gary B


521 Texas Ave  El Paso, Texas 79901




The Law Offices of Thomas E. Stanton


521 Texas Ave  El Paso, Texas 79901




Guzman Frank J


521 Texas Ave  El Paso, Texas 79901




Commonwealth Title


4115 Trowbridge Dr  El Paso, Texas 79903




Warach, Soto & Associates


7300 Viscount Blvd  El Paso, Texas 79925





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Christopher  Cox


 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













SHOP








































- Login
Register online

My Account




-Shopping cart is empty.

















BACK


SHOP












 










APPAREL


Headwear - Jackets - Shirts












ACCESSORIES


Knives - Decor - Accessories















FEED & NUTRITION

Lifeline 










HORSES

Yearlings - Broodmares - Show













MEDIA

Books - Music - Video - DVDs










SADDLES

Chris Cox Signature Saddles










TACK

Bits - Bridle Sets - Halters












SADDLE ACCESSORIES
Pads - Stirrups - Cinches













































































Christopher Cox | Cadwalader 









Skip to Main Content












About


About Cadwalader
At Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP, we put over 200 years of legal experience and innovation to work for you today. As one of the world's leading advisors to corporations and financial institutions, we have earned a reputation for crafting innovative business and financial solutions and developing precedent-setting legal strategies to achieve our clients' goals. Find out what makes us different.



ClientsSustainabilityDiversity & Inclusion Affinity NetworksOur CommitmentCivil Rights SeriesLGBT NetworkAsian Pacific American Attorney Resource GroupBlack & Latino AssociationCareer Development & TrainingDiversity Awards & RecognitionDiversity Outreach & SponsorshipsRecent Programs & EventsVeterans Affinity NetworkWomen's Leadership Initiative HistoryPro Bono and Public Service Community OutreachNot-for-Profit IncubatorPro Bono ProjectsPro Bono RecognitionSeptember 11VS  



We stand out from our competition because we help you stand out from yours.
We are in the business of delivering results so the truest measure of our success is the success of our clients. By maintaining this focus, we help them to create and launch groundbreaking products, services, concepts and deals and to protect their interests.
read more »


Practice


Practice
With more than 350 attorneys in offices around the world, clients come to Cadwalader for our ability to handle groundbreaking transactions, complex litigation and novel issues arising in emerging areas of law. Our legacy of crafting innovative business and financial solutions continues today with our work on the most important transactions, disputes, and investigations.



Antitrust Antitrust Litigation & Civil InvestigationsGrand Jury and Cartel Investigations, Amnesty, and ComplianceM&A Clearance & Counseling Corporate Commercial FinanceCorporate FinanceCorporate GovernanceMergers & AcquisitionsPrivate Equity Derivatives & Structured Products Municipal DerivativesOTC DerivativesStructured Products Energy & Commodities Energy & Commodities InvestigationsEnergy & Commodities Regulation & ComplianceEnergy & Commodities TransactionsRenewables Executive Compensation, Benefits & ERISA ERISAExecutive Compensation & Benefits Financial Regulation Bank RegulationBroker-Dealer RegulationCommodities & Futures RegulationFCA Regulated EntitiesSwap Regulation Financial Restructuring Bankruptcy LitigationDebt & Claims TradingDistressed EnergyDistressed FinanceDistressed Investing and Mergers & AcquisitionsDistressed Municipal FinanceDistressed Structured ProductsReal Estate RestructuringSpecial Situations Health Care Health Care Fraud Strike Force Insurance and Reinsurance Contentious InsuranceInsurance Products Intellectual Property IP Due DiligenceITC LitigationPatent & Trade Secret LitigationPatent Preparation & ProsecutionTrademark & Copyright Protection Investment Management Family OfficeFund FormationInvestment Management LitigationInvestment Management Regulation & ComplianceInvestment Management Transactions Litigation Alternative Dispute ResolutionCommercial LitigationCorporate & Securities LitigationFinancial Products LitigationInternational Litigation Not-for-Profit InstitutionsPrivate Wealth Estate Planning & AdministrationInstitutional Planning Real Estate Construction FinanceJoint VenturesLoan SalesManagement & LeasingMezzanine FinanceMortgage FinanceReal Estate Acquisitions & DispositionsReal Estate Workouts & Restructurings Securitization & Asset Based Finance Asset-Backed Commercial PaperAuto SecuritizationCLOsCommercial Mortgage-Backed SecuritiesCorporate SecuritizationCredit Card SecuritizationFintechFund FinanceInsurance-Linked SecuritiesMortgage Banking & Whole Loan TradingMunicipal SecuritizationReceivables FinanceResidential Mortgage-Backed SecuritiesWarehouse Lending Tax Corporate TaxationMergers & Acquisitions TaxationRestructurings & Bankruptcies TaxationSecuritization & Structured Products TaxationTax Controversy White Collar Defense and Investigations Anti-Money Laundering Investigations and ComplianceCybersecurity and Data PrivacyEconomic SanctionsFCPA Enforcement and ComplianceFalse Claims Act and Health Care FraudNational SecurityPharmaceutical Regulation and ComplianceSecurities Enforcement and Compliance Sports Law Off The Court: Sports Law Forum  



Internationally-recognized leaders in every area of practice in which we focus.
Cadwalader offers not only tremendous legal insight and experience but also credibility and connections with leading businesses, courts, regulators and other counsel around the world.
read more »


News


News
Cadwalader attorneys are often called upon to comment on business, financial, political and legal developments around the world as well as on the implications of big deals, noteworthy cases, community news, and proposed legislation.



News ReleasesRecent PressRecognitionFor Journalists






Breaking new ground.
From commenting on pressing legal and policy issues to explaining the implications of big deals and important court decision for the Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, New York Times, as well as a host of other leading news outlets, trade publications, and wire services our attorneys are sought out for their views and perspectives.
read more »


Resources


Resources
Cadwalader regularly publishes informative and educational materials, including newsletters and news alerts on a range of topics. Our portfolio also includes articles, industry programs, seminars, conferences, and videos.



Articles & BooksBrexit Resource Center Brexit - Key Contacts EventsClients & Friends MemosBlogs & Newsletters Health Care Fraud FocusFCPA AdvisorTrade AlertWomen in the City Program VideosReports: Independent InvestigationsSDX™ ProtocolTrump Administration Legal Developments










Information you need from those in the know.
From explanatory memoranda to pinpointed analysis, we provide our clients and friends with practical guidance in a variety of formats to help them to understand complex issues and make informed decisions about their businesses.
read more »


 

Offices


Offices
Cadwalader's presence in New York, London, Charlotte, N.C., Washington, D.C. and Brussels provides our clients with strategic advantages found in major financial and governmental centers of the world.



New YorkLondonCharlotteWashingtonBrussels



Global Reach . . . local insight.
By collaborating across offices and practices, we offer a seamless network of legal professionals, working together to formulate comprehensive responses to client needs.
read more »



Careers


Careers
Cadwalader is a community of talented and driven individuals committed to excellence and innovation. Across departments, offices and borders, we share the common goal of providing world-class client service through the development of a culture that fosters diversity, collaboration and professional growth.



US Law StudentsExperienced Attorneys Associate Openings Judicial ClerksAdministrative Staff Openings Alumni









Find the perfect fit.
Stability and a proud history, together with a growing practice and a dynamic outlook, make Cadwalader a unique place to build your career.
read more »


 Alumni
Find Professionals


Find Professionals
As a law firm with offices in the United States and Europe, Cadwalader attorneys bring a diversity of background, culture, language, and experience to helping our clients achieve their goals.





First Name



Last Name






Practice Areas

All
Antitrust
Antitrust Litigation & Civil Investigations
Grand Jury and Cartel Investigations, Amnesty, and Compliance
M&A Clearance & Counseling
Corporate
Corporate Finance
Corporate Governance
Mergers & Acquisitions
Private Equity
Derivatives & Structured Products
Municipal Derivatives
OTC Derivatives
Structured Products
Energy & Commodities
Energy & Commodities Investigations
Energy & Commodities Regulation & Compliance
Energy & Commodities Transactions
Renewables
Executive Compensation, Benefits & ERISA
ERISA
Executive Compensation & Benefits
Financial Regulation
Bank Regulation
Broker-Dealer Regulation
Commodities & Futures Regulation
FCA Regulated Entities
Swap Regulation
Financial Restructuring
Bankruptcy Litigation
Debt & Claims Trading
Distressed Energy
Distressed Finance
Distressed Investing and Mergers & Acquisitions
Distressed Municipal Finance
Distressed Structured Products
Real Estate Restructuring
Special Situations
Health Care
Health Care Fraud Strike Force
Insurance and Reinsurance
Contentious Insurance
Insurance Products
Intellectual Property
IP Due Diligence
ITC Litigation
Patent & Trade Secret Litigation
Patent Preparation & Prosecution
Trademark & Copyright Protection
Investment Management
Family Office
Fund Formation
Investment Management Litigation
Investment Management Regulation & Compliance
Investment Management Transactions
Litigation
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Commercial Litigation
Corporate & Securities Litigation
Financial Products Litigation
International Litigation
Not-for-Profit Institutions
Private Wealth
Estate Planning & Administration
Institutional Planning
Real Estate
Construction Finance
Joint Ventures
Loan Sales
Management & Leasing
Mezzanine Finance
Mortgage Finance
Real Estate Acquisitions & Dispositions
Real Estate Workouts & Restructurings
Securitization & Asset Based Finance
Asset-Backed Commercial Paper
Auto Securitization
CLOs
Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities
Corporate Securitization
Credit Card Securitization
Fintech
Fund Finance
Insurance-Linked Securities
Mortgage Banking & Whole Loan Trading
Municipal Securitization
Receivables Finance
Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities
Warehouse Lending
Sports Law
Tax
Corporate Taxation
Mergers & Acquisitions Taxation
Restructurings & Bankruptcies Taxation
Securitization & Structured Products Taxation
Tax Controversy
White Collar Defense and Investigations
Anti-Money Laundering Investigations and Compliance
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
Economic Sanctions
FCPA Enforcement and Compliance
False Claims Act and Health Care Fraud
National Security
Pharmaceutical Regulation and Compliance
Securities Enforcement and Compliance




Positions

All

Associate
Consulting Attorney
Counsel
General Counsel
Law Clerk
Managing Attorney
Partner
Professional Advisor
Senior Attorney
Senior Counsel
Special Counsel
Staff Attorney







Law School

All

Adelphi University
Albany Law School
American University
American University, School of International Service
American University, Washington College of Law
Amherst College
Andrews University
Antioch School of Law
Antioch University
Antioch University New England
Appalachian State University
Aquinas College
Arizona State University
Arizona State University, Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law
Asbury University
Ateneo de Manila Law School
Ateneo de Manila University
Auburn University
Australian National University
Australian National University, College of Law
BPP Business School
BPP Law School
Babeş-Bolyai University
Babson College
Ball State University
Bard College
Barnard College
Bates College
Beijing Foreign Studies University
Beijing Institute of Technology
Beijing University of Aeronautics & Astronautics
Belarusian State University
Belarusian State University, Faculty of Law
Belgrade University
Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law
Bennett College
Bentley University
Bernard M. Baruch College, CUNY Honors College
Bethany College
Binghamton University
Bond University 
Boston College
Boston College Law School
Boston University
Boston University School of Law
Bowdoin College
Bradley University
Brandeis University
Brigham Young University
Brigham Young University, J. Reuben Clark Law School
Brigham Young University-Idaho
Brooklyn College
Brooklyn Law School
Brown University
Bucknell University
Butler University
California Institute of Technology
Campbell University
Campbell University, Norman Adrian Wiggins School of Law
Canisius College
Canisius College, Richard J. Wehle School of Business
Capital University Law School
Cardiff University Law School
Carleton College
Carleton University
Carnegie Mellon University
Case Western Reserve University
Case Western Reserve University, School of Law
Case Western Reserve University, Weatherhead School of Management
Catholic University of America
Catholic University of America, Columbus School of Law
Central Connecticut State University
Central Michigan University
Charlotte School of Law
Charter Oak State College
China University of Political Science and Law
Chinese People's Public Security University
Chinese University of Hong Kong
City College of New York
City Law School, London
City University of Hong Kong
City University of Hong Kong, School of Law
City University of New York
City University of New York, Baruch College
City University of New York, Brooklyn College
City University of New York, College of Staten Island
City University of New York, Hunter College
City University of New York, Queens College
Claremont Graduate University
Claremont McKenna College
Clark University
Clarkson University
Clemson University
Cleveland State University, Cleveland-Marshall College of Law
Colby College
Colgate University
College of Law
College of Law - Birmingham
College of Law - Chester
College of Law - Guildford
College of Law - London
College of William & Mary
College of William & Mary, School of Law
College of the Holy Cross
Colorado State University
Columbia Business School
Columbia College Chicago
Columbia Law School
Columbia University
Concordia University, Montreal
Connecticut College
Cornell Law School
Cornell University
Creighton University, School of Law
Dartmouth College
Davidson College
DePaul University, College of Law
DePauw University
Denison University
Dickinson College
Drake University
Drake University Law School
Drew University
Duke Divinity School
Duke University
Duke University School of Law
Duquesne University
Duquesne University, School of Law
E.S.S.E.C, Business School
East Carolina University
East China University of Politics and Law
Edinboro University of Pennsylvania
Elon University
Emerson College
Emory University
Emory University, School of Law
Eugene Lang College The New School for Liberal Arts
Ewha Womans University
Fairfield University
Fairleigh Dickinson University
Florida Atlantic University
Florida International University
Florida State University
Florida State University, College of Law
Fordham University
Fordham University, School of Law
Franklin and Marshall College
French University Paris II Panthéon-Assas
French University Sciences Po Paris
Fu Jen Catholic University
Fudan University
Fudan University, School of Law
Furman University
George Mason University
George Mason University, School of Law
George Washington University
George Washington University Law School
Georgetown University
Georgetown University Law Center
Georgia Institute of Technology
Georgia State University
Gettysburg College
Gonzaga University
Grinnell College
Hamilton College
Harding University
Harvard College
Harvard Divinity School
Harvard Law School
Harvard University
Harvard University, John F. Kennedy School of Government
Haverford College
Hawaii Pacific University
Hillsdale College
Hobart and William Smith Colleges
Hofstra University
Hofstra University, Maurice A. Deane School of Law
Howard University, School of Law
Hunter College
Illinois Institute of Technology 
Indiana University
Indiana University, Robert H. McKinney School of Law
Inns of Court School of Law
Institut d'Etudes Européennes, Brussels
Iona College
Iowa State University
Ithaca College
James Madison University
John Carroll University
John Jay College of Criminal Justice
John Marshall Law School
Johns Hopkins University
Kansas State University
Kenyon College
King's College London
King's College London & the Université de Paris I (Panthéon-Sorbonne)
King's College London, Dickson Poon School of Law
Kingston University Law School
La Salle University
Lafayette College
Law School of Xiangtan University
Lawrence University
Leeds Law School
Lehigh University
Leicester De Montfort Law School
Leiden University
Leiden University, Leiden Law School
London School of Economics and Political Science
Long Island University, C.W. Post
Loyola Marymount University
Loyola University Chicago School of Law
Loyola University Maryland
Loyola University New Orleans
Loyola University New Orleans, School of Law
Manchester Metropolitan University
Manhattan College
Marist College
Marquette University
Marquette University Law School
Marshall University
Marymount Manhattan College
Marywood College
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
McGill University
McGill University, Faculty of Law
McIntire School of Commerce, University of Virginia
Miami University
Michael Smurfit Graduate School of Business
Michigan State University
Michigan State University, College of Law
Middlebury College
Milligan College
Millikin University
Mills College
Monash University
Monmouth College
Morehouse College
Muhlenberg College
Murdoch University
Murdoch University, School of Law
National Law School of India University
National University of Ireland, Galway
National University of Ireland, University College Cork
National University of Ireland, University College Dublin
Nazareth College
Ner Israel Rabbinical College
New England School of Law
New York Law School
New York University
New York University Leonard N. Stern School of Business
New York University School of Law
Newcastle University
North Dakota State University
Northeastern University
Northeastern University School of Law
Northern Illinois University
Northwestern University
Northwestern University, Kellogg School of Management
Northwestern University, School of Law
Nottingham Law School
Nottingham Trent University
Nova Southeastern University, Shepard Broad Law Center
Oberlin College
Occidental College
Ohio University
Ohio Wesleyan University
Oklahoma State University
Old Dominion University
Oregon State University
Oxford Brookes University
Oxford University
Pace University
Pace University Law School
Palm Beach Atlantic University
Peking University
Peking University Law School
Pennsylvania State University
Pennsylvania State University, Dickinson School of Law
Pepperdine University, School of Law
Polytechnic University
Pomona College
Princeton University
Providence College
Purdue University
Queen's School of Business
Queen's University
Queens' College, Cambridge
Rabbinical Seminary of Adas Yereim
Radley College
Ramapo College of New Jersey
Renmin University of China School of Law
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Rhodes College
Rhodes University
Rice University
Richmond, The American International University in London
Roger Williams University
Rutgers University
Rutgers University School of Law - Newark (now Rutgers Law School)
Rutgers University, Ernest Mario School of Pharmacy
Rutgers University, School of Law - Camden
Rutgers University, School of Law - Newark
SOAS, University of London
Sacred Heart University
Saint Mary's College
Saint Peter's College (now University)
San Diego State University
San Francisco State University
Santa Clara University
Santa Fe College
Sarah Lawrence College
Sciences Po Law School
Sciences Po Paris
Seattle University
Seattle University, School of Law
Seton Hall University
Seton Hall University, School of Law
Seton Hall University, Stillman School of Business
Sewanee: University of the South
Shanghai International Studies University, School of Law 
Sheffield Hallam University
Skidmore College
Smith College
Sorbonne Law School (Paris I)
Southern Connecticut State University
Southern Illinois University, School of Law
Southern Methodist University
Southern Methodist University, Dedman School of Law
Southern Polytechnic State University
Southwest Missouri State
St. Francis College
St. John's College
St. John's University
St. John's University School of Law
St. John's University. Peter J. Tobin College of Business
St. Louis University School of Law
Stanford Law School
Stanford University
State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry
State University of New York at Albany
State University of New York at Binghamton
State University of New York at Buffalo
State University of New York at Buffalo Law School
State University of New York at Cortland
State University of New York at Fredonia
State University of New York at Geneseo
State University of New York at Oneonta
State University of New York at Oswego
State University of New York at Stony Brook
Stonehill College
Suffolk University Law School
Swarthmore College
Syracuse University
Syracuse University, College of Law
Syracuse University, Maxwell School of Citizenship & Public Affairs
Temple University
Temple University, James E. Beasley School of Law
Texas A&M University
Texas Christian University
Texas Tech University
Texas Tech University, School of Law
The City College of the City University of New York
The City University of New York
The College of Law, York
The College of New Jersey
The College of Saint Rose
The Ohio State University
The Ohio State University Moritz College of Law
The Open University, Chester College of Law
The University of Hong Kong
The University of Law, Guildford
The University of Law, London
The University of Leeds
The University of Texas at Austin
Thomas Jefferson School of Law
Touro College
Trinity College
Trinity College, Dublin, School of Law
Trinity University
Truman State University
Tsinghua University
Tsinghua University, School of Law
Tufts University
Tufts University, Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy 
Tulane University
Tulane University Law School
Union College
United States Military Academy at West Point
Universidad Catolica Santa Maria La Antigua
Universitat Abat Oliba CEU
University College Dublin
University College London
University of Adelaide
University of Adelaide Law School
University of Alabama
University of Alabama School of Law
University of Alaska Anchorage
University of Alberta
University of Antwerp
University of Arizona
University of Arkansas, School of Law
University of Auckland
University of Baltimore
University of Baltimore, School of Law
University of Basel
University of Belgrade
University of Belgrade, Faculty of Law
University of Bologna
University of Bristol
University of Bristol Law School
University of British Columbia
University of British Columbia, Faculty of Law
University of California - Berkeley
University of California - Berkeley, School of Law
University of California - Davis
University of California - Davis, School of Law
University of California - Irvine
University of California - Los Angeles
University of California - Los Angeles, School of Law
University of California - Riverside
University of California - San Diego
University of California - Santa Barbara
University of Cambridge
University of Cambridge, Downing College
University of Cambridge, Emmanuel College
University of Cambridge, Faculty of Law
University of Cambridge, Jesus College
University of Canterbury
University of Canterbury, School of Law
University of Cape Town
University of Central Florida
University of Chicago
University of Chicago Law School
University of Chicago, Booth School of Business
University of Cincinnati
University of Cincinnati, College of Law
University of Colorado Boulder
University of Colorado Law School
University of Connecticut
University of Connecticut, School of Law
University of Copenhagen, Faculty of Law
University of Dayton
University of Dayton, School of Law
University of Delaware
University of Delhi, Faculty of Law
University of Denver
University of Denver, Sturm College of Law
University of Detroit Mercy Law School
University of Dublin, Trinity College
University of Dundee
University of Durham
University of East Anglia
University of East Anglia, School of Law
University of Edinburgh
University of Edinburgh, School of Law
University of Essex
University of Exeter
University of Exeter Law School
University of Florida
University of Florida, Fredric G. Levin College of Law
University of Geneva, Faculty of Law
University of Georgia
University of Georgia, School of Law
University of Glasgow
University of Hamburg
University of Hamburg, Faculty of Law
University of Hartford
University of Hawaii at Manoa
University of Hong Kong
University of Houston
University of Houston Law Center
University of Illinois
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
University of Illinois, College of Law
University of Iowa
University of Iowa, College of Law
University of Kansas
University of Kansas, School of Law
University of Kentucky
University of Kentucky, College of Law
University of Leeds
University of Leeds, School of Law
University of Leicester, School of Law
University of Leuven
University of London
University of London, Birkbeck, School of Law
University of London, Queen Mary
University of London, Queen Mary, School of Law
University of Louisiana
University of Louisville
University of Louisville, Louis D. Brandeis School of Law
University of Maine
University of Malta
University of Manchester 
University of Manchester, School of Law
University of Mary Washington
University of Maryland
University of Maryland, Francis King Carey School of Law
University of Massachusetts
University of Massachusetts, Amherst
University of Melbourne
University of Melbourne, Melbourne Law School
University of Miami
University of Miami, School of Law
University of Michigan
University of Michigan Law School
University of Minnesota
University of Minnesota Law School
University of Minnesota, Carlson School of Management
University of Mississippi
University of Missouri
University of Missouri, School of Law
University of Missouri-Kansas City
University of Montana
University of Montreal, Faculty of Law
University of Mysore
University of Nebraska
University of Nebraska, College of Law
University of New England
University of New England, School of Law
University of New Hampshire
University of New Hampshire, School of Law
University of New Orleans
University of New South Wales
University of Newcastle upon Tyne
University of Newcastle, Australia
University of Nigeria
University of Nigeria, Faculty of Law
University of North Carolina
University of North Carolina School of Law
University of North Carolina at Asheville
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
University of North Carolina at Charlotte
University of North Carolina-Wilmington
University of Notre Dame
University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame Law School
University of Nottingham
University of Nottingham, School of Law
University of Oregon
University of Oregon, School of Law
University of Otago, Faculty of Law
University of Ottawa
University of Ottawa, Faculty of Law
University of Oxford
University of Oxford - Jesus College, Final Honour School of Jurisprudence
University of Oxford, Balliol College
University of Oxford, Brasenose College
University of Oxford, Faculty of Law
University of Oxford, Jesus College
University of Oxford, Keble College
University of Oxford, Merton College
University of Oxford, New College
University of Oxford, Oriel College
University of Oxford, Queen's College
University of Oxford, Worcester College
University of Paris
University of Paris, Faculty of Law
University of Pennsylvania
University of Pennsylvania Law School
University of Pennsylvania, Wharton School of Business
University of Phoenix
University of Pittsburgh
University of Pittsburgh School of Law
University of Puerto Rico
University of Puerto Rico, School of Law
University of Queensland
University of Queensland, TC Beiren School of Law
University of Richmond
University of Richmond, School of Law
University of Rochester
University of San Diego
University of San Francisco, School of Law
University of Science and Technology of China
University of Scranton
University of Sheffield, School of Law
University of South Carolina
University of South Carolina, School of Law
University of South Florida
University of Southampton
University of Southampton Law School
University of Southern California
University of Southern California, Gould School of Law
University of St. Andrews
University of St. Thomas
University of Sussex
University of Sydney
University of Sydney, Sydney Law School 
University of Technology, Sydney
University of Technology, Sydney, Faculty of Law
University of Tennessee
University of Tennessee, College of Law
University of Texas
University of Texas at Austin
University of Texas at Austin, School of Law
University of Texas at Dallas
University of Toledo, College of Law
University of Toronto
University of Toronto, Faculty of Law
University of Turin
University of Turin, Faculty of Law
University of Utah
University of Vermont
University of Virginia
University of Virginia School of Law
University of Wales, School of Business and Law
University of Warwick, School of Law
University of Washington
University of Washington, School of Law
University of West Florida
University of Western Australia
University of Western Australia, Faculty of Law
University of Western Ontario
University of Westminster
University of Westminster, School of Law
University of Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin Law School
University of Wisconsin School of Business
University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire
University of Wisconsin-Madison
University of Witwatersrand, Oliver Schreiner School of Law
University of Wollongong
University of Wolverhampton
University of Zurich
University of the Philippines
University of the Philippines, College of Law
University of the Sciences in Philadelphia
University of the West of England
Utica College
Vanderbilt University
Vanderbilt University Law School
Vanderbilt University, Owen Graduate School of Management
Vassar College
Vermont Law School
Victoria University of Wellington
Victoria University of Wellington, Faculty of Law
Villanova University
Villanova University, School of Law
Virginia Commonwealth University
Virginia Military Insitute
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University
Vrjie Universiteit Brussels, Faculty of Law
Wake Forest University
Wake Forest University School of Law
Washington College of Law
Washington State University
Washington University
Washington University in St. Louis
Washington University, John M. Olin Business School
Washington University, School of Law
Washington and Lee University
Washington and Lee University, School of Law
Wayne State University Law School
Webster University
Wellesley College
Wesleyan University
Western Carolina University
Western Michigan University
Western Washington University
Westminster Theological Seminary
Westmont College
Wheaton College
Whitman College
Widener University, School of Law
Wilfrid Laurier University
Wilkes University
William E. Macaulay Honors College
William and Mary, School of Law
Williams College
Xavier University
Xiamen University
Xiangtan University
Yale College
Yale Divinity School
Yale Law School
Yale University
Yeshiva University
Yeshiva University, Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law 
York University, Osgoode Hall Law School
Zhejiang University Chu Kochen Honors College
Zhongnan University of Economics and Law
École des Hautes Études en Sciences Sociales




Location

All

New York
London
Charlotte
Washington
Brussels






Search Alphabetically

All
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z












Search










 
Related Sites



Alumni Network
The Cadwalader Cabinet
Make History: US Law Students
VS.: Confronting Modern Slavery in America
















Christopher T. Cox 

						
												    
							Senior Counsel                        
						                        
                         – New York                        




T.+1 212 504 6888 
chris.cox@cwt.com 
                        	
                        							
												
							
						200 Liberty Street                        
						                        
 						                        
                        New York,                              
							NY                        
                        
                            
                        
                                                
                                                
                        10281                        
                        
                                                
                        						
						V-CARD


















Profile
Experience
News & Resources


Christopher T. Cox represents clients in a wide array of corporate and financial matters, with extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions and corporate governance. Previously Chair of Cadwalader’s Corporate Group and a member of the Firm’s Management Committee, Chris has represented public and private acquirors, targets, investment banks and private equity sponsors in connection with negotiated and contested mergers and acquisitions, restructurings, spin-offs, joint ventures, proxy contests and IP monetizations and other complex financings. He also represents foreign and domestic entities in cross-border business transactions.
In addition to his transactional experience, Chris counsels clients on a broad range of corporate, securities and business-related matters and on matters of corporate policy and strategy, including directors' duties and responsibilities, governance, disclosure issues and compliance. With a premier reputation for advising businesses in the life sciences industry, Chris was selected by The American Lawyer as one of its “Dealmakers of the Year” for his work with Irish drugmaker Élan Corporation, as well as "2014 Global M&A Deal of the Year: Europe/Ireland" award for his representation of Élan in its sale to Perrigo Company.  He was named an M&A Atlas Top 50 Global M&A Lawyers for “2014 Distinction in Dealmaking,” and won the "Deal of the Year" award for Élan/Perrigo in 2014 and “U.S.A. M&A Deal of the year – Large Markets” for Acorda/Civitas.  Chris is recognized for his work in mergers, acquisitions and buyouts by Chambers and The Legal 500 and he was among the first 100 lawyers named to the 2015-2016 Lawdragon 500 annual guide.  His work for Credit Suisse on behalf of Zealand Pharma was nominated for Scrips “Financing Deal of the Year Award” and he was shortlisted for the IFLR "European M&A Deal of the Year" award.
Chris’s transactional experience covers a broad range of industries, including communications, defense and aerospace, energy, financial institutions, insurance, life sciences, media, natural resources, real estate, retail and technology.
Chris received his B.S. from the University of Missouri and his J.D. from the University's Law School, where he was a member of the Missouri Law Review. He is admitted to practice in the State of New York.



Salix Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. in its $15.6 billion acquisition by Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc.
Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board in its $12 billion acquisition of Antares Capital, a part of the General Electric financial services arm GE Capital.
Pershing Square Capital Management in its acquisition of a 7.5% stake in Mondelez International, Inc.
Cigna Corporation in connection with the public offering of $900 million of 3.250% Senior Notes due 2025.
Cigna Corporation in connection with its acquisition of QualCare Alliance Networks, Inc.   
JP Morgan Chase as financial advisor in connection with Pfizer's $17 billion acquisition of Hospira, Inc.
Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. in its acquisition of Civitas Therapeutics, Inc.
Forbes Media LLC in its sale of a majority equity interest to a group of international investors led by Integrated Asset Management (Asia) Limited.
Salix Pharmaceuticals in its terminated combination with Cosmo Technologies, a subsidiary of Cosmo Pharmaceuticals.
Élan Corporation in its $8.6 billion acquisition by Perrigo Company.
Élan Corporation in its successful defense of a hostile tender offer by Royalty Pharma.
Air Products and Chemicals in its agreement with Pershing Square Capital Management following the 9.8% investment position taken by Bill Ackman.
Cigna Corporation in connection with a $1.5 billion Revolving Credit and Letter of Credit Agreement.
Credit Suisse as sole structuring and financial advisor to AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in the monetization of the expected royalty stream from the sales of Salviso in the European Union by its commercial partner Grunenthal GmbH.
Credit Suisse, as sole structuring advisor and sole placement agent, in connection with a structured bond financing by Zealand Pharma A/S secured by lixisenatide (Lyxumia®) royalties.
Centerview Partners LLC, as financial advisor to Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., in connection with the sale of Avanir to Otsuka Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.
Brandon Point Industries Limited and Woodford Investment Management in connection with an equity investment in Viamet Pharmaceuticals Holdings, LLC.
Cadiz Inc. in connection with a public equity offering.
Dell Inc.’s financial advisor in connection with Dell’s $24.9 billion acquisition by Michael Dell and Silver Lake Partners.
Élan Corporation in its attempted $1.0 billion acquisition from Theravance, Inc. of a 21% participation interest in potential future royalty payments related to four respiratory programs partnered with GlaxoSmithKline plc.
HealthCare Royalty Partners in connection with a debt financing to Dyax Corp. secured by Dyax’s phage display Licensing and Funded Research Program.
Élan Corporation in connection with a $1 billion share repurchase.
Élan Corporation in connection with a Rule 144A offering of $850 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes.
Par Pharmaceutical’s financial advisor in connection with Par’s $1.8 billion acquisition by TPG Capital.
Élan Corporation in the $3.25 billion sale of its interest in Tysabri® to Biogen Idec.
Cadiz Inc. in connection with a comprehensive debt refinancing.
HealthCare Royalty Partners in connection with a royalty financing to Vertex Pharmaceuticals.
Élan Corporation in connection with the spinoff of its drug discovery business into a new, independent publicly-traded company, Prothena Corporation.
YMF Media in its acquisition of the intellectual property rights of Kiss FM from Emmis Communications.
Deutsche Bank, BNP PARIBAS and Banca IMI, as joint book-running managers, in connection with the public offering of €300 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes by Air Products and Chemicals.
Nektar Therapeutics in its sale of royalties on future sales of CIMZIA® and Mircera® to Royalty Pharma.
HealthCare Royalty Partners in connection with a royalty financing with, and equity investment in, Zogenix, Inc.
Corning Incorporated’s financial advisor in connection with Corning’s $730 million purchase of Becton Dickinson’s Discovery Labware unit.
HealthCare Royalty Partners in connection with its Synthetic Royalty® investment in AcuFocus, Inc.
Forbes in its sale of a minority stake in Forbes Media, which includes Forbes magazine, the Forbes.com Web site and a number of smaller media properties, to Elevation Partners.
White Birch Paper Company in its acquisition of SP Newsprint Company.
Élan Corporation in connection with the $960 million sale of its drug technology unit, EDT, to Alkermes plc and in connection with Élan’s secondary offering of 25% of the outstanding ordinary shares of Alkermes plc.
Élan Corporation in connection with the $1.4 billion sale of its Alzheimer’s Immunotherapy Program to an affiliate of Johnson &Johnson, honored as the Biotech M&A/Alliance Deal of the Year, 2010.
Élan Corporation in connection with its settlement of the U.S. Department of Justice’s investigation of sales and marketing practices for Zonegran® (zonisamide).
ICON plc in its acquisition of Prevalere Life Sciences, Inc.
ICON plc in its acquisition of Healthcare Discoveries, Inc., formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of Catalyst Pharma Group Inc.
Beazer Homes in connection with investigations by, and settlement with, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Department of Justice and other authorities concerning accounting irregularities and mortgage practices.
1-800-Flowers.com in its acquisition of Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc.
ORS Nasco in its sale to Brazos Private Equity Partners, LLC.
Mediacom Communications Corporation’s financial advisors in connection with Mediacom’s $2.1 billion acquisition of AT&T Broadband Cable Systems.
JPMorgan in connection with the initial public offering of Mediacom Communications Corporation.
ICON plc in a public offering of American Depositary Shares.
 

NEWS






News Releases


Cadwalader Achieves Delaware Supreme Court Victory in Merger Challenge
        
                
        
			Jan 26, 2017
                

Cadwalader Recognized Among Leading Law Firms in 2017 IFLR 1000
        
                
        
			Nov 14, 2016
                

Cadwalader Attorneys Featured in 2016 New York Super Lawyers and Rising Stars Rankings
        
                
        
			Sep 21, 2016
                

Cadwalader Named Among Top Law Firms by The Legal 500 US 2016
        
                
        
			Jul 01, 2016
                

Cadwalader Recognized Among Leading Law Firms in Chambers USA 2016
        
                
        
			May 27, 2016
                

Cadwalader Hosts Second Annual Roundtable at the JPMorgan Healthcare Conference
        
                
        
			Jan 14, 2016
                

Cadwalader and Tapestry Host 2nd Annual Shareholder-Director Exchange (SDX) Symposium
        
                
        
			Nov 17, 2015
                

Cadwalader Recognized with Two Awards at The 7th Annual Americas M&A Atlas Awards
        
                
        
			Nov 04, 2015
                

Cadwalader Named Among Leading Law Firms in 2016 Edition of IFLR 1000
        
                
        
			Oct 15, 2015
                

Cadwalader Represents Credit Suisse in Connection With AcelRx Pharmaceuticals’  $65 Million Monetization of Expected Royalty Stream From Zalviso™
        
                
        
			Sep 21, 2015
                

Cadwalader Wins ‘M&A Impact Deal of the Year’ at 2015 LMG Life Sciences Awards
        
                
        
			Sep 17, 2015
                

Cadwalader Recognized by The Legal 500 US 2015 Among Nation’s Top Firms
        
                
        
			Jun 03, 2015
                

Cadwalader Recognized in Chambers USA 2015
        
                
        
			May 19, 2015
                

Cadwalader Represents Salix Pharmaceuticals in Its Acquisition by Valeant Pharmaceuticals
        
                
        
			Apr 01, 2015
                

Cadwalader Represents Salix Pharmaceuticals in Its Pending Acquisition by Valeant Pharmaceuticals
        
                
        
			Feb 22, 2015
                

Cadwalader Appoints Patrick T. Quinn Managing Partner
        
                
        
			Jan 20, 2015
                

Cadwalader Recognized Among Leading Law Firms in 2015 Edition of IFLR 1000
        
                
        
			Oct 21, 2014
                

Cadwalader Advises Acorda Therapeutics on Merger Agreement to Acquire Civitas Therapeutics
        
                
        
			Sep 24, 2014
                

Cadwalader Advises Forbes Media LLC on Majority Stake Sale to International Investors
        
                
        
			Jul 18, 2014
                

Cadwalader Recognized by The American Lawyer With Two 2014 Global Legal Awards
        
                
        
			Jul 11, 2014
                

Cadwalader Advising Salix Pharmaceuticals in its Combination with Cosmo Technologies to Form Salix Pharmaceuticals, plc
        
                
        
			Jul 08, 2014
                

Cadwalader Recognized Among Leading Firms in  The Legal 500 US 2014
        
                
        
			Jun 27, 2014
                

Cadwalader Advises Élan Corporation, plc in US$8.6 billion sale to Perrigo Company plc
        
                
        
			Dec 18, 2013
                

Cadwalader Recognized in 2013 Edition of The Legal 500 US
        
                
        
			Oct 25, 2013
                

Cadwalader Advises Élan Corporation in Billion Dollar Royalty Deal
        
                
        
			May 13, 2013
                

IFLR 1000 Again Names Cadwalader a Leader in Core Transactional Areas of Practice
        
                
        
			Nov 06, 2012
                

Cadwalader Adds Top Dealmaker
        
                
        
			Jan 18, 2012
                

view more »







Recent Press


Tax thread runs through pharma deals
        
        


                              
		Apr 07, 2014                      
		


                

Tough Corporate Tax Outlook Fueling ‘Inversion’ Deals
        
        


                              
		Mar 13, 2014                      
		


                

Bitter Medicine in Store for Activists
        
        


                              
		Jan 28, 2014                      
		


                

view more »







Recognition


Cadwalader's Christopher Cox Recognized As Top 100 Leading Lawyer in 2016 Lawdragon 500

                
				


              Feb 23, 2016


              

Cadwalader Named Among Leading Law Firms in 2016 Edition of IFLR 1000

                
				


              Oct 15, 2015


              

Cadwalader Recognized by The Legal 500 US 2015 Among Nation’s Top Firms

                
				


              Jun 03, 2015


              

Cadwalader Recognized in Chambers USA 2015

                
				


              May 19, 2015


              

Cadwalader Recognized Among Leading Law Firms in 2015 Edition of IFLR 1000

                
				


              Oct 21, 2014


              

Cadwalader Recognized by The American Lawyer With Two 2014 Global Legal Awards

                
				


              Jul 11, 2014


              

Cadwalader Recognized Among Leading Firms in The Legal 500 US 2014

                
				


              Jun 27, 2014


              

Cadwalader Recognized in 2013 Edition of The Legal 500 US

                
				


              Oct 25, 2013


              

International Financial Law Review's 2013 IFLR 1000

                
				


              Nov 06, 2012


              

view more »


RESOURCES






Clients & Friends Memos


Glass Lewis Opens Registration for Issuer Data Report Requests, including expanding access to certain companies in Canada and Europe

        
              Jan 08, 2016

             

2016 Proxy Season – Quick Reference Guide

        
              Dec 17, 2015

             

ISS Accepting Company-Selected Peer Group Submissions, including, for the first time, companies in the Russell MicroCap Index

        
              Nov 23, 2015

             

M&A Update: Treasury Announces Second Anti-Inversion Notice

        
              Nov 20, 2015

             

M&A Update: Treasury Announces New Anti-Inversion Rules

        
              Sep 23, 2014

             

M&A Update |  Inversions: The View from Ireland

        
              Jul 07, 2014

             

M&A Update: Senator Levin Introduces Anti-Inversion Act

        
              May 21, 2014

             

M&A Update: New Rules Will Limit Shareholders’ Tax-Free Treatment on Inversions

        
              Apr 25, 2014

             

M&A Update: Treasury Department Proposes To Expand Anti-Inversion Rules

        
              Mar 11, 2014

             

view more »












Events


Second Annual SDX Symposium

                      Nov 16, 2015              
               
              



























Practice Areas 

Corporate
Corporate Finance
Corporate Governance
Distressed Investing and Mergers & Acquisitions
Mergers & Acquisitions
Private Equity




Admissions




New York



Education

University of Missouri, School of LawJ.D.
University of MissouriB.S.











 

Christopher T. Cox 


            Senior Counsel - New York            



            200 Liberty Street
              
                              New York                ,                   NY                              
                              10281              
              
                              Tel +1 212 504 6888              
              
                              chris.cox@cwt.com              
              







Practice Areas
CorporateCorporate FinanceCorporate GovernanceDistressed Investing and Mergers & AcquisitionsMergers & AcquisitionsPrivate Equity

Admissions



New York                        


Education
University of Missouri, School of Law - J.D.
University of Missouri - B.S.
                      

Profile
Christopher T. Cox represents clients in a wide array of corporate and financial matters, with extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions and corporate governance. Previously Chair of Cadwalader’s Corporate Group and a member of the Firm’s Management Committee, Chris has represented public and private acquirors, targets, investment banks and private equity sponsors in connection with negotiated and contested mergers and acquisitions, restructurings, spin-offs, joint ventures, proxy contests and IP monetizations and other complex financings. He also represents foreign and domestic entities in cross-border business transactions.
In addition to his transactional experience, Chris counsels clients on a broad range of corporate, securities and business-related matters and on matters of corporate policy and strategy, including directors' duties and responsibilities, governance, disclosure issues and compliance. With a premier reputation for advising businesses in the life sciences industry, Chris was selected by The American Lawyer as one of its “Dealmakers of the Year” for his work with Irish drugmaker Élan Corporation, as well as "2014 Global M&A Deal of the Year: Europe/Ireland" award for his representation of Élan in its sale to Perrigo Company.  He was named an M&A Atlas Top 50 Global M&A Lawyers for “2014 Distinction in Dealmaking,” and won the "Deal of the Year" award for Élan/Perrigo in 2014 and “U.S.A. M&A Deal of the year – Large Markets” for Acorda/Civitas.  Chris is recognized for his work in mergers, acquisitions and buyouts by Chambers and The Legal 500 and he was among the first 100 lawyers named to the 2015-2016 Lawdragon 500 annual guide.  His work for Credit Suisse on behalf of Zealand Pharma was nominated for Scrips “Financing Deal of the Year Award” and he was shortlisted for the IFLR "European M&A Deal of the Year" award.
Chris’s transactional experience covers a broad range of industries, including communications, defense and aerospace, energy, financial institutions, insurance, life sciences, media, natural resources, real estate, retail and technology.
Chris received his B.S. from the University of Missouri and his J.D. from the University's Law School, where he was a member of the Missouri Law Review. He is admitted to practice in the State of New York.

Experience

Salix Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. in its $15.6 billion acquisition by Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc.
Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board in its $12 billion acquisition of Antares Capital, a part of the General Electric financial services arm GE Capital.
Pershing Square Capital Management in its acquisition of a 7.5% stake in Mondelez International, Inc.
Cigna Corporation in connection with the public offering of $900 million of 3.250% Senior Notes due 2025.
Cigna Corporation in connection with its acquisition of QualCare Alliance Networks, Inc.   
JP Morgan Chase as financial advisor in connection with Pfizer's $17 billion acquisition of Hospira, Inc.
Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. in its acquisition of Civitas Therapeutics, Inc.
Forbes Media LLC in its sale of a majority equity interest to a group of international investors led by Integrated Asset Management (Asia) Limited.
Salix Pharmaceuticals in its terminated combination with Cosmo Technologies, a subsidiary of Cosmo Pharmaceuticals.
Élan Corporation in its $8.6 billion acquisition by Perrigo Company.
Élan Corporation in its successful defense of a hostile tender offer by Royalty Pharma.
Air Products and Chemicals in its agreement with Pershing Square Capital Management following the 9.8% investment position taken by Bill Ackman.
Cigna Corporation in connection with a $1.5 billion Revolving Credit and Letter of Credit Agreement.
Credit Suisse as sole structuring and financial advisor to AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in the monetization of the expected royalty stream from the sales of Salviso in the European Union by its commercial partner Grunenthal GmbH.
Credit Suisse, as sole structuring advisor and sole placement agent, in connection with a structured bond financing by Zealand Pharma A/S secured by lixisenatide (Lyxumia®) royalties.
Centerview Partners LLC, as financial advisor to Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., in connection with the sale of Avanir to Otsuka Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.
Brandon Point Industries Limited and Woodford Investment Management in connection with an equity investment in Viamet Pharmaceuticals Holdings, LLC.
Cadiz Inc. in connection with a public equity offering.
Dell Inc.’s financial advisor in connection with Dell’s $24.9 billion acquisition by Michael Dell and Silver Lake Partners.
Élan Corporation in its attempted $1.0 billion acquisition from Theravance, Inc. of a 21% participation interest in potential future royalty payments related to four respiratory programs partnered with GlaxoSmithKline plc.
HealthCare Royalty Partners in connection with a debt financing to Dyax Corp. secured by Dyax’s phage display Licensing and Funded Research Program.
Élan Corporation in connection with a $1 billion share repurchase.
Élan Corporation in connection with a Rule 144A offering of $850 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes.
Par Pharmaceutical’s financial advisor in connection with Par’s $1.8 billion acquisition by TPG Capital.
Élan Corporation in the $3.25 billion sale of its interest in Tysabri® to Biogen Idec.
Cadiz Inc. in connection with a comprehensive debt refinancing.
HealthCare Royalty Partners in connection with a royalty financing to Vertex Pharmaceuticals.
Élan Corporation in connection with the spinoff of its drug discovery business into a new, independent publicly-traded company, Prothena Corporation.
YMF Media in its acquisition of the intellectual property rights of Kiss FM from Emmis Communications.
Deutsche Bank, BNP PARIBAS and Banca IMI, as joint book-running managers, in connection with the public offering of €300 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes by Air Products and Chemicals.
Nektar Therapeutics in its sale of royalties on future sales of CIMZIA® and Mircera® to Royalty Pharma.
HealthCare Royalty Partners in connection with a royalty financing with, and equity investment in, Zogenix, Inc.
Corning Incorporated’s financial advisor in connection with Corning’s $730 million purchase of Becton Dickinson’s Discovery Labware unit.
HealthCare Royalty Partners in connection with its Synthetic Royalty® investment in AcuFocus, Inc.
Forbes in its sale of a minority stake in Forbes Media, which includes Forbes magazine, the Forbes.com Web site and a number of smaller media properties, to Elevation Partners.
White Birch Paper Company in its acquisition of SP Newsprint Company.
Élan Corporation in connection with the $960 million sale of its drug technology unit, EDT, to Alkermes plc and in connection with Élan’s secondary offering of 25% of the outstanding ordinary shares of Alkermes plc.
Élan Corporation in connection with the $1.4 billion sale of its Alzheimer’s Immunotherapy Program to an affiliate of Johnson &Johnson, honored as the Biotech M&A/Alliance Deal of the Year, 2010.
Élan Corporation in connection with its settlement of the U.S. Department of Justice’s investigation of sales and marketing practices for Zonegran® (zonisamide).
ICON plc in its acquisition of Prevalere Life Sciences, Inc.
ICON plc in its acquisition of Healthcare Discoveries, Inc., formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of Catalyst Pharma Group Inc.
Beazer Homes in connection with investigations by, and settlement with, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Department of Justice and other authorities concerning accounting irregularities and mortgage practices.
1-800-Flowers.com in its acquisition of Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc.
ORS Nasco in its sale to Brazos Private Equity Partners, LLC.
Mediacom Communications Corporation’s financial advisors in connection with Mediacom’s $2.1 billion acquisition of AT&T Broadband Cable Systems.
JPMorgan in connection with the initial public offering of Mediacom Communications Corporation.
ICON plc in a public offering of American Depositary Shares.














Cadwalader News




Financial CHOICE Act Would Complicate the Choices in Bringing and Defending Against SEC Cases
Jodi Avergun, Aaron Buchman, Jason Halper, Joseph Moreno, Lex Urban, Kendra Wharton

read more »
								


$155 Million Settlement of Alleged False Claims Act Violations Underscores False Claim Act Risks to Health Care Vendors As Well As Providers
Brian McGovern, Jared Facher

read more »
								


WannaCry Ransomware Attacks Should Be a Wake-Up Call for Cybersecurity Diligence
Joseph Facciponti, Joseph Moreno

read more »
								








Finance Forum 2017
Cadwalader is proud to host the 2nd Annual Finance Forum in Charlotte on November 8, 2017.

read more »
								



Cadwalader Subscription Center


Enter Your Email to Register



next »
                         
					






Home  | 
					About  | 
					Practice  | 
					News  | 
					Resources  | 
					Offices  | 
					Careers  | 
					Contact
Site Map  | 
					Notices  | 
					Employees  | 
					Attorney Advertising

Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP

New York  
										
					London  
										
					Charlotte  
										
					Washington  
										
					Brussels  
										
				                                






Back to Top













Christopher T. Cox, MD - Emergency Medicine Specialist in Newark, DE | MD.com



































































HomeFind a DoctorEmergency Medicine SpecialistsDelawareNewarkDr. Christopher T. Cox 



















Make an Appointment
+ Locations, Office Hours & Directions










                                        Christopher Cox, MD                                    



4755 Ogletown-Stanton Road,
                                                                                Newark,
                                        DE
19718 
                                        
 map
                                        





                                                                                    Call for an Appointment
                                                                            







 

                                                                                                                            As an emergency medicine specialist in Newark, DE, Dr. Christopher Cox treats a wide range of acute conditions or injuries in an emergency room.                                        
                                    













Advertisement







                Save up to 96% on your prescriptions.   Click Here






Reviews of
            
                Dr. Cox            


                Dr. Cox            




































Have you seen this doctor?
We invite you to write a review about your experience with Dr. Cox.



Write a Review








            Office            
                of Dr. Cox            

See Insurance



                of Dr. Cox            


































Advertisement






            Christopher Cox, MD             
                    







Accepting New Patients?


Yes, Dr. Christopher T. Cox is accepting new patients at this office.
                                                    





Phone



(302) 733-1000




Fax



                                                    (302) 733-1633                                                





Address

4755 Ogletown-Stanton Road, Newark, DE 19718





                        Office Details
                    




Doctor Specialty


Emergency Medicine 


Accepting New Patients?
Yes


Practice Specialty
Emergency Medicine


Languages Spoken
English

















×Close


                            Office Details
                        



                            Christopher Cox, MD                            

                                4755 Ogletown-Stanton Road,                                                                 Newark,
                                Delaware 19718                                •
                                (302) 733-1000                            





Doctors

1



Doctor’s Specialty


                                        Emergency Medicine                                    


Doctor’s Title
Emergency Medicine Specialist


Accepting New Patients?
Yes


Practice Specialty
Emergency Medicine





Close








×Close

                            Request a Video Visit with Dr. Christopher T. Cox                        


Please log in or sign up to continue



Email


Password




 
Don’t have an account? Sign up now to continue booking your visit:
Sign Up



Close
                        




>
            


×Close

                            Request an Office Visit with Dr. Christopher T. Cox                        


Please log in or sign up to continue



Email


Password


Log In

 
Don’t have an account? Sign up now to continue booking your visit:
Sign Up



Close
                        









 Office Details
                


 Get Directions






            Insurance Accepted  
                    




Medicare




NOTE: Please
                        contact the doctor’s office
                        to confirm your coverage before making an appointment.
                                






            About
            
                Dr. Cox            


                Dr. Cox            


































Advertisement





Bio









                                        Dr.
                                        Cox                                        has

                                        
                                            one office                                        
                                        in
                                        Delaware                                                                                    where he                                                                                                                            specializes in
                                            Emergency Medicine.                                                                            
















             Specialty        







 


Emergency Medicine 

                                Specializing in emergency medicine, Dr. Cox is prepared to treat patients suffering from a wide range of acute illnesses, injuries or conditions. Emergency physicians, or ER doctors, must incorporate knowledge and experience gained across a broad range of medical topics. Care is typically provided in the emergency room of a hospital.                            






 


            Languages Spoken  
                    




English







            Dr. Cox's Medicare Fee‑for‑Service Data (2014)  
        



Please Note: The information displayed below is sourced from the 2014 
                Medicare Physician and Other Supplier National Provider Identifier (NPI) Aggregate Report. It's
            important to remember that the statistics below are not inclusive of all patients treated by
                Dr. Cox, but only those who participate in Medicare.
  Overview

Participates in Medicare?: Yes 
Number of HCPCS Codes: 19 
Number of Services: 789 
Medical Suppress Indicator:  
Number of HCPCS Associated With Medical Services: 19 
Number of Medical Services: 789 
Number of Medicare Patients with Medical Services: 508 

  Medicare Patient Demographics 

Total Number of Medicare Patients:                     508 
Average Age of Medicare Patients:                     73 
Number of Patients Under Age 65:                     117 
Number of Patients Age 65 to 74:                     133 
Number of Patients Age 75 to 84:                     138 
Number of Patients Over Age 84:                     120 
Number of Female Patients :                     298 
Number of Male Patients:                     210 
Number of Non-Hispanic White Patients:                     351 
Number of Black or African American Patients:                     126 
Number of Asian Pacific Islander Patients:                     0 
Number of Hispanic Patients:                     19 
Number of American Indian/Alaska Native Patients:                     0 
Number of Patients with Race Not Elsewhere Classified:                     0 
Number of Patients with Medicare Only Entitlement:                     330 
Number of Patients with Medicare & Medicaid Entitlement:                     178 

  Medicare Patient Condition Demographics

Percent of Patients with Atrial Fibrillation:                     22% 
Percent of Patients with Alzheimer’s Disease or Dementia:                     28% 
Percent of Patients  with Asthma:                     15% 
Percent of Patients with Cancer:                     12% 
Percent of Patients with Heart Failure:                     41% 
Percent of Patients with Chronic Kidney Disease:                     50% 
Percent of Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease:                     28% 
Percent of Patients with Depression:                     42% 
Percent of Patients with Diabetes:                     45% 
Percent of Patients with Hyperlipidemia:                     72% 
Percent of Patients with Hypertension (High Blood Pressure):                     75% 
Percent of Patients with Ischemic Heart Disease:                     55% 
Percent of Patients with Osteoporosis:                     10% 
Percent of Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis / Osteoarthritis:                     46% 
Percent of Patients with Schizophrenia / Other Psychotic Disorders:                     12% 
Percent of Patients with Stroke:                     17% 

  Medicare Payments Data

Total Submitted Charge Amount:                     $288,090.00 
Total Medicare Allowed Amount:                     $87,819.02 
Total Medicare Payment Amount:                     $68,280.35 
Total Medicare Standardized Payment Amount:                     $67,824.32 
Total Medical Submitted Charge Amount:                     $288,090.00 
Total Medical Medicare Allowed Amount:                     $87,819.02 
Total Medical Medicare Payment Amount:                     $68,280.35 
Total Medical Medicare Standardized Payment Amount:                     $67,824.32 

  Medicare Prescription Drug Data

Drug Suppress Indicator: n/a 
Number of HCPCS Associated With Drug Services: 0 
Number of Drug Services: 0 
Number of Medicare Beneficiaries With Drug Services: 0 
Total Drug Submitted Charge Amount: $0.00 
Total Drug Medicare Allowed Amount: $0.00 
Total Drug Medicare Payment Amount: $0.00 
Total Drug Medicare Standardized Payment Amount: $0.00 









            Latest Emergency Medicine            News
        
Read the most recent articles about
            Emergency Medicine









                                New Surgery May Fix Tough-to-Treat Rotator Cuff Tears                            


                                    Serena Gordon, HealthDay Reporter, Jul 26, 2017                                    at 6:47 AM








                                Nearly All Autopsied NFL Players Show Trauma-Linked Brain Disease                            


                                    Dennis Thompson, HealthDay Reporter, Jul 25, 2017                                    at 12:00 PM








                                Obese Don't Have to Lose Weight Before Joint Replacement: Study                            


                                    Robert Preidt, Jul 24, 2017                                    at 12:00 PM










 













×
Free courtesy of MD.com


Daily Health News & Tips via Email

Get a daily roundup of the latest headlines for free (sent Mon-Fri)















Join the Newsletter













                        See our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
                    

























COX CHRISTOPHER T: Form 4 Insider Trading History | Insider Insights



 







insider data searchcompliance searchprospect searchmanage portfoliosnew portfoliomanage screensnew screen





Home

About

FAQ

Contact

Media Mentions

Money Management

Subscribe



 










Search









Free Insider Data

Latest Insider Filings
Top 20 Searches
Portfolio Alerts
Top Trades Email
Special Screens Reports



Subscription Insider Data

Insider Filing Search
Prospect Search
Insider Special Screens
Insider Portfolio Alerts
Subscribe To Data Module



Insider Newsletter

Get Latest Newsletter
Subscribe To Newsletter



Subscriber Sign In

Pre-Programmed Screens
Pre-Programmed Searches
Saved Client Screens
Saved Client Searches
Saved Client Dossiers
Subscribe Now
Sign In




















Search by Ticker
Search by Filer Name
Search by Company Name
Search by Input Date



















Transaction Types













 B
 AB
 JB*
 OB
 OE*
 OE


 S
 AS
 JS*
 OS
 OS*
 3








 JB


 JS







					Reduced Version of Subscription Insider Search







Check all filing types




Uncheck all filing types




Remove The Noise























        Free Insider
        Products
    

Insider Portfolio Alerts
Free real time insider alerts


Top Trade Alerts
Free insider trades intra-day


Special Screens Report
Free insider special screens report





	Our Input Date Search is an excellent tool to examine the latest insider trades for new long and short investment ideas, 
	but it is only available to paid subscribers.
	
Click Here to Subscribe

close window



	Feature available to paying subscribers only. Subscriber output is also not separated on different pages, 
	so that print outs and Excel downloads contain all of a search's information.
	
Click Here to Subscribe

close window















Detailed Insider History For:'COX CHRISTOPHER T'














click column headers to sort
#
View Form

Insider Statistics

T
N
H
M
S


Insider Title
Company Name
Ticker
Trans Type
Dollar Value
Shares Traded
Trans Date From
Trans Date To
Trans Price From
Trans Price To
Total Holdings
Delta % Owned
Owned
Other Info
SIC Code
SIC Sector
SIC Industry
SIC Sub-Industry
Input Date
1

     
DIR
DATAWATCH CORP
DWCH
JB
---
7,000
---
4/18/17
---
---
38,228
22.4
D
R
7372
Services
Business Services
 Services- Prepackaged Software
4/20/17 - 4:35:06 pm
2

     
VP
MEDICINES CO DE
MDCO
JB
$10,598
11,706
2/28/17
3/1/17
---
$33.12
45,376
34.8
D
R
2834
Manufacturing
Chemicals And Allied Products
 Pharmaceutical Preparations
3/2/17 - 7:07:40 pm
3

1y4100%4%2
VP
MEDICINES CO DE
MDCO
B
$3,502,950
105,500
12/7/16
12/8/16
---
$32.52
171,155
160.7
I
---
2834
Manufacturing
Chemicals And Allied Products
 Pharmaceutical Preparations
12/9/16 - 11:37:49 am
4

1y4100%4%2
VP
MEDICINES CO DE
MDCO
B
$1,494,734
39,315
6/8/16
6/10/16
---
$37.22
65,655
149.3
I
---
2834
Manufacturing
Chemicals And Allied Products
 Pharmaceutical Preparations
6/10/16 - 7:46:47 pm
5

1y4100%4%2
VP
MEDICINES CO DE
MDCO
B
$248,191
6,670
---
6/10/16
---
$37.21
33,670
24.7
D
---
2834
Manufacturing
Chemicals And Allied Products
 Pharmaceutical Preparations
6/10/16 - 7:46:47 pm
6

1y4100%4%2
VP
MEDICINES CO DE
MDCO
B
$999,866
26,340
---
6/7/16
---
$37.96
26,340
New
I
---
2834
Manufacturing
Chemicals And Allied Products
 Pharmaceutical Preparations
6/8/16 - 4:15:37 pm
7

1y4100%4%2
VP
MEDICINES CO DE
MDCO
B
$1,003,078
27,000
---
6/7/16
$37.05
$37.49
27,000
New
D
---
2834
Manufacturing
Chemicals And Allied Products
 Pharmaceutical Preparations
6/8/16 - 4:15:37 pm
8

     
DIR
DATAWATCH CORP
DWCH
JB
---
2,500
---
4/19/16
---
---
31,228
8.7
D
R
7372
Services
Business Services
 Services- Prepackaged Software
4/20/16 - 6:10:12 pm
9

     
VP
MEDICINES CO DE
MDCO
3
---
---
---
2/25/16
---
---
---
---
---
---
2834
Manufacturing
Chemicals And Allied Products
 Pharmaceutical Preparations
2/29/16 - 4:31:13 pm









Amazon.com Widgets











Subscribe

Search

Screens

Alerts

Newsletter

Money Management

Free Stuff




Home

About

FAQ

Contact

Disclaimer & Terms Of Use

Privacy

Media Mentions

Transaction Codes


© 2017 InsiderInsights.com



 





