 



























Charles River Associates





















Skip to main content
Skip to navigation










Search form

Search 





 
 


 
 








CRA welcomes C1 Consulting
We're excited to welcome our new team members at C1 Consulting, a life sciences strategy consulting firm that combines advanced analytics, customer insights, and therapy area expertise to develop highly tailored commercialization strategies. This new talent will provide additional breadth, depth, and scale to CRA’s client offerings across the industry.






Rodeo association rules upheld at trial
CRA economists advised counsel to the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association in its defense against claims that its bylaws, which deny membership to owners of competing rodeo associations, were anticompetitive. The Court denied a motion for a preliminary injunction against the bylaws. Ultimately, the complaint was withdrawn.






Apple beats iTunes antitrust case 
Professors Kevin M. Murphy and Robert Topel provided expert testimony on economic issues and competitive effects during the iPod iTunes antitrust litigation. Ultimately, a jury in the US District Court for the Northern District of California found the Apple software upgrade was innovative and did not harm consumers. 






Successful verdict for Salix
Salix Pharmaceuticals relied on CRA’s life sciences experts during trial in the New York State Supreme Court. Our experts prepared analyses and testified on behalf of Salix as to commercially reasonable efforts supporting the launch of Fulyzaq™. Ultimately, the jury entered a verdict in favor of Salix and rejected all breach of contract claims.






GlobalDairyTrade sales milestone
Annual sales of dairy products on GlobalDairyTrade, the Internet-based trading platform CRA designed for internationally-traded commodity dairy products, surpassed one million metric tons during the past year. This represents a 27% increase in the quantity sold over the past two years.




 
 




Charles River Associates is a leading global consulting firm that offers business, financial, and economic consulting services to major law firms, corporations, and governments around the world. Headquartered in Boston, the firm has offices internationally.






Engagements


Virgin America/Alaska Airlines Merger 
CRA expert testifies at trial on behalf of Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association 
Microsoft acquisition of LinkedIn 





Publications


Finding Investment Headroom in a Rising Retail Rate Environment 
The role of manufacturers in value-based healthcare 
Whither Antitrust Enforcement in the Trump Administration? 





Events


View all upcoming events 
Speaking engagements 
Sponsorships 
Educational presentations  





News


Charles River Associates Celebrates 50 Years of Service by James Burrows
  
Senior Forensic Experts Join Charles River Associates in the U.S. and U.K.  









 
 

 

















Search results | Charles River Associates























Skip to main content
Skip to navigation










Search form

Search 





 
 


 
 





For 50 years, CRA has been a premier consulting firm. Each of our practice areas is highly regarded, and our consultants are recognized for their creative and multi-disciplinary approach to solving our clients’ complex problems in the US and throughout the world.


 
 







(-)  Remove Experts filter Experts
 
 


Life Sciences (73) Apply Life Sciences filter 
Financial Services (67) Apply Financial Services filter 
Energy (29) Apply Energy filter 
Life Sciences Strategy (15) Apply Life Sciences Strategy filter 
Health Care (10) Apply Health Care filter 
Life Sciences Litigation (5) Apply Life Sciences Litigation filter 
Metals, Mining, & Materials (5) Apply Metals, Mining, & Materials filter 
Pharmaceuticals (5) Apply Pharmaceuticals filter 
Communications & Media (4) Apply Communications & Media filter 
Life Sciences Policy (4) Apply Life Sciences Policy filter 
Technology (4) Apply Technology filter 
Agriculture (2) Apply Agriculture filter 
 
 


Antitrust & Competition (114) Apply Antitrust & Competition filter 
US antitrust (42) Apply US antitrust filter 
European competition (28) Apply European competition filter 
Management Consulting (26) Apply Management Consulting filter 
Intellectual Property (24) Apply Intellectual Property filter 
Financial Economics (11) Apply Financial Economics filter 
Labor & Employment (11) Apply Labor & Employment filter 
Regulatory Economics & Compliance (10) Apply Regulatory Economics & Compliance filter 
Transfer Pricing (10) Apply Transfer Pricing filter 
Auctions & Competitive Bidding (8) Apply Auctions & Competitive Bidding filter 
Damages & Valuation (7) Apply Damages & Valuation filter 
Mergers & Acquisitions (7) Apply Mergers & Acquisitions filter 
Accounting & Forensic Services (6) Apply Accounting & Forensic Services filter 
Canadian competition (6) Apply Canadian competition filter 
International Arbitration (3) Apply International Arbitration filter 
China competition (1) Apply China competition filter 
Class certification (1) Apply Class certification filter 
 
 


Filter

-- Services --



-- Industries --



-- Type --







 
 


Search Help
John Smith = John OR SmithJohn OR Smith = John OR SmithJohn AND Smith = John AND Smith"John Smith" = "John Smith"

 


 


Search Results 



        447 items found.
      

  	Showing Results 1 to 100 of 447  




Gregory D. Adams 

Vice President | Salt Lake City | +1-801-536-1500
Dr. Gregory D. Adams is an expert in applied microeconomics and has provided expert...




Seabron Adamson 

Vice President | Boston | +1-617-425-6485
Seabron Adamson was co-head of CRA's Energy Practice from 2006 to 2008. In this role...




Jagdish C. Agarwal 

Vice President Emeritus | Boston | +1-617-425-3080
Jagdish C. Agarwal has more than 40 years of experience as a senior technical...




Edward Altman 

Senior Consultant to CRA | New York | +1-212-520-7100
Edward Altman is the Max L. Heine Professor of Finance at the Stern School of Business...




Jeffrey S. Aroy 

Vice President | Boston | +1-617-425-3184
Mr. Jeffrey S. Aroy is an experienced consultant, seasoned senior executive, and...




Mukarram Attari 

Vice President | Oakland | +1-510-595-2711 
Dr. Mukarram Attari is a vice president in the Financial Markets Practice at CRA. He...




David F. Babbel 

Senior Advisor | New York | +1-610-527-1839
Dr. David Babbel is senior advisor to CRA. Prior to joining CRA, he was a senior...




Arthur P. Baines 

Vice President, Co-Practice Leader of Financial Economics | Washington, DC | +1-202-662-7838
Mr. Arthur P. Baines has more than 25 years of diversified business, economic, and...




Gregory Ballentine 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Washington, DC | +1-202-662-7831
Dr. J. Gregory Ballentine is a former principal of The Ballentine Barbera Group, LLC...




Anthony Barbera 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Washington, DC | +1-202-662-7830
Dr. Anthony J. Barbera has more than 20 years of experience providing consulting...




Gregory K. Bell 

Group Vice President and Life Sciences Practice Leader | Boston | +1-617-425-3357
Dr. Bell frequently testifies as an expert witness on damages in intellectual property...




Matthew Bennett 

Vice President | London | +44-20-7959-1447
Dr. Matthew Bennett is a Vice President at Charles River Associates. During his time...




Stanley Besen 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Washington, DC | +1-202-662-3833
Stanley M. Besen is a nationally recognized expert in the economics of intellectual...




Ryan Bilbrey 

Vice President  | New York | +1-212-520-7271
Ryan Bilbrey is a senior professional in the litigation consulting industry with over...




Maria Blanco 

Vice President | New York | +1-212-520-7264
Maria Blanco is a vice president in Marakon’s New York office. She has led numerous...




Peter Boberg 

Vice President | Boston | +1-617-425-3175
Antitrust economist Peter Boberg specializes in econometric work and economic modeling...




Keith A. Bockus 

Vice President | Chicago | +1-312-619-3360
Dr. Keith Bockus focuses on financial economics, valuation, and financial accounting...




Christopher J. Bokhart 

Vice President | Chicago | +1-312-377-9225
Christopher J. Bokhart has extensive experience in preparing claims for economic loss...




Richard D. Boltuck 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Washington, DC | +1-202-320-7576
Richard D. Boltuck specializes in international trade dispute matters, including...




Daniel Brand 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Boston | +1-617-425-3310
Daniel Brand is a well-known transportation expert with more than 35 years of research...




Robert Broadnax 

Vice President | Summit | +1-404-431-1306
Robert Broadnax has more than 17 years of pharma/biotech commercialization, sales, and...




Kevin Brubacher 

Vice President | Boston
Mr. Brubacher has 25 years of pharmaceutical and biotech commercialization experience...




James C. Burrows 

Vice Chairman | Boston | +1-617-425-3300
James C. Burrows is experienced in a wide variety of valuation, antitrust...




Michelle M. Burtis 

Vice President | Washington, DC | +1-202-662-3808
Dr. Michelle Burtis is an expert in antitrust litigation, damages, and intellectual...




Andrew Butcher 

Vice President | London | +44-20-7664-3716
Andrew Butcher is a vice president in the Life Sciences Practice of Charles River...




Cristina Caffarra 

Vice President, Head of European Competition Practice | Brussels, London | +44-20-7664-3700, +32-2-627-1400
GCR Economist of the Year, 2013...




Robert Cary 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Toronto | +1-905-687-8744
Robert Cary has more than 20 years of experience in the electricity industry and has...




Daniel N. Chai 

Vice President | Boston | +1-617-425-3533
Daniel Chai specializes in the application of modern financial and institutional...




Simon Chisholm  

Vice President  | London | +44-20-7959-1473
While at CRA Simon has worked on both EU and UK mergers, vertical agreements...




Dennis Chookaszian 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Chicago | +1-847-778-2971, +1-312-619-3372
Dennis Chookaszian is an Adjunct Professor at the University of Chicago Booth School...




Iain M. Cockburn 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Boston | +1-617-353-3775
Dr. Iain M. Cockburn is an econometrician and industrial organization economist...




Robin Cohen 

Vice President | London | +44-20-7959-1444 
Robin Cohen has more than 25 years of experience consulting on economic regulation and...




James P. Conley 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Boston | +1-617-425-3000
James P. Conley was a senior partner with Ernst & Young for twenty-nine years...




Richard V.L. Cooper 

Vice President | Chicago | +1-312-377-2248
Dr. Richard V.L. Cooper is a transfer pricing expert with more than 30 years of...




Marsha J. Courchane 

Vice President, Practice Leader of Financial Economics | Washington, DC | +1-202-662-3804 
Dr. Marsha J. Courchane, Practice Leader of Financial Economics, specializes in...




Rebel Curd 

Vice President, Practice Leader of Transfer Pricing | Pleasanton | +1-925-460-1332
Ms. Rebel Curd is a vice president in Charles River Associates’ Transfer Pricing...




Robert E. Curry, Jr. 

Senior Consultant to CRA | New York | +1-212-755-0030
Robert E. Curry, Jr. has served as a commissioner of the New York State Public Service...




Brian M. Daniel 

Vice President | Chicago | +1-312-377-2241
Brian M. Daniel has managed valuation, litigation, and strategy assignments in a wide...




Gopal Das Varma  

Vice President | Washington, DC | +1-202-662-3830
Gopal Das Varma is a Vice President in the Antitrust and Competition Economics...




Raphaël De Coninck 

Vice President and Legal Representative of the Brussels Office | Brussels | +32-2-627-1401
Dr. Raphaël De Coninck is a vice president at Charles River Associates (CRA), where he...




Mark DeFond 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Boston | +1-617-425-3000
Mark DeFond is the Joseph A. DeBell Professor of Business Administration at the...




Randy DeGeer 

Vice President | Chicago | +1-312-377-2362
Randy DeGeer has 17 years of experience helping top management teams develop...




Justus Dehnen 

Vice President  | Munich | +49 89 20 18 36 36-7
Justus Dehnen is a vice president in the Life Sciences Practice with more than 15...




Christine Delivanis 

Vice President | London | +44-20-7664-3737 x3737
Ms. Delivanis specializes in advising consumer products manufacturers and other...




Charles Diamond  

Vice President | New York | +1-212-520-7114 
Charles Diamond advises clients facing class actions involving allegations of age...




Andrew R. Dick 

Vice President | Washington, DC | +1-202-662-3898 
Andrew Dick, a vice president in the Competition Practice at Charles River Associates...




Paul Dobson 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Los Angeles, London | +44-20-7664-3700
Paul Dobson, Senior Consultant, is Professor of Business Strategy and Public Policy...




Aaron Dolgoff 

Vice President | Boston | +1-617-425-3623
Aaron Dolgoff, CFA, specializes in securities valuation, damages, corporate finance...




Dan Donath 

Vice President | London | +44-20-7959-1499
Dan Donath's key expertise is the application of empirical analyses and...




James J. Donohue 

Vice President | New York | +1-212-520-7116
James J. Donohue has been responsible for substantial damages consulting assignments...




Paul Doxey  

Senior Consultant to CRA | +44 20 7959 1424
Paul Doxey specializes in forensic investigations and financial disputes, including...




Jean-Pierre Dubé 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Chicago | +1-773-834-5377
Jean-Pierre Dubé is the Sigmund E. Edelstone Professor of Marketing at the University...




Sean Durkin 

Vice President | Chicago | +1-312-619-3350
Sean Durkin specializes in antitrust economics, damage analysis, econometrics...




Kabir Dutta 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Boston | +1-857-488-2442
Kabir Dutta has more than 15 years of experience in financial risk management of...




George Eads 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Washington, DC | +1-202-662-3800
George Eads is an internationally known economist and senior-level executive. His...




Aaron Edlin 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Oakland | +1-510-595-2700
Professor Aaron Edlin specializes in antitrust economics and antitrust law and is the...




Geoff Edwards 

Vice President | London, Sydney | +44-20-7959-1448
Dr. Edwards is an economist with extensive experience advising in competition and...




Craig T. Elson 

Vice President | Chicago | +1-312-377-5204
Mr. Craig Elson has significant experience in connection with the economic, financial...




William Fitzsimmons 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Oakland | +1-510-420-6247
William Fitzsimmons has over 20 years of experience in the economic analysis of...




Laurent Flochel 

Vice President  | Paris | +33-1-70-38-52-78
Laurent Flochel joined CRA in 2007 after an academic career. Previously he was...




Patrick Foley 

Senior Advisor  | London | +44-20-7959-1529
Patrick Foley is a senior advisor in the financial services sector of Marakon. He has...




Bruce R. Fortenbaugh 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Oakland | +1-510-596-4072
Mr. Fortenbaugh has worked extensively with external and in-house counsel regarding...




Johann Franke 

Vice President | London | +44-207-664-3682
Johann is a vice president in Marakon’s London office with engagement experience in...




Alan Friedman 

Vice President | New York | +1-212-520-7118
Alan Friedman has 25 years of financial consulting experience and has provided expert...




Melvyn A. Fuss 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Toronto | +1-416-413-4070
Melvyn A. Fuss is Professor Emeritus of Economics at the University of Toronto. He...




Robert Gallamore 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Boston
Robert Gallamore is a nationally known expert in railroad economics. He has had a...




Stan Garnett 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Washington, DC | +1-727-480-0706
Stan Garnett is an independent energy consultant who currently heads Garnett...




Mark Glick  

Senior Consultant to CRA | Salt Lake City | +1-801-536-1526
Mark Glick has more than 20 years of experience as an economist, lawyer, and expert...




Robert B. Goldman 

Vice President | Chicago | +1-312-377-2321
Robert B. Goldman assists clients in developing and implementing strategies for...




Michael F. Gorman 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Boston
Michael F. Gorman is a leading expert in freight transportation pricing, asset...




John J. Griffin 

Vice President | Boston | +1-617-425-3059
John J. Griffin joined CRA’s staff in 1998 and has worked on a broad range of...




Jonathan Guryan 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Chicago
Jonathan Guryan, an associate professor of Human Development and Social Policy and...




Janice H. Halpern 

Vice President | Chicago | +1-312-619-3310
Dr. Janice H. Halpern has extensive experience in antitrust and industrial...




Bill Hardin 

Vice President | Chicago | +1-312-619-3309
Bill Hardin has worked on hundreds of forensic engagements in the areas of data breach...




Larry Harris 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Los Angeles | +1-213-330-4001
Larry Harris is the Fred V. Keenan Chair in Finance in the Marshall School of Business...




Robert G. Harris 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Oakland | +1-510-595-3092
Bob Harris is Professor Emeritus in the Haas School of Business, University of...




George A. Hay 

Senior Consultant to CRA | New York | +1-607-255-3378
George A. Hay is the Charles Frank Reavis Sr. Professor of Law and Professor&nbsp...




John Hayes 

Vice President | Oakland | +1-510-595-2707
John Hayes specializes in industrial organization and applied microeconomics. He has...




J. Stephen Henderson 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Washington, DC | +1-202-662-3800
J. Stephen Henderson, Senior Consultant, has an extensive background in the economics...




William H. Hieronymus 

Vice President | Boston
It is with great sadness that we announce that William Hieronymus passed away on...




Chad Holmes 

Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer | Chicago | +1-312-377-2322
Chad Holmes has been involved with CRA’s corporate development activities since...




Thomas N. Hubbard 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Chicago | +1-773-505-9933
Thomas N. Hubbard is Senior Associate Dean: Strategic Initiatives, and the Elinor and...




David E. Hunger 

Vice President | Washington, DC | +1-202-662-3953
David Hunger is Vice President with the Energy Practice of CRA. Formerly a senior...




Michael Hunter 

Vice President | Boston | +1-617-425-3332 
Michael Hunter specializes in the economic analysis of mergers and antitrust...




Diana Jackson 

Vice President | London | +44-20-7664-3700
Diana Jackson has advised clients on a wide variety of issues in a range of industries...




Dennis Jansen 

Senior Consultant to CRA | College Station | +1-979-268-6522 
Dr. Dennis Jansen, Senior Consultant, is a professor of economics at Texas A&M...




Rhett Johnson 

Vice President | Boston | +1-617-425-3326
Mr. Rhett Johnson has more than 14 years of consulting experience, and he specializes...




Colin Johnson 

Vice President  | London | +44-20-7959-1548
Colin Johnson is a vice president in CRA’s Energy Practice. He has more than 20 years...




Philip Kalmus 

Vice President | London | +44 20 7664 3726
Philip Kalmus has advised on mergers in bidding markets, mergers with competition in...




Stephen Kalos 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Boston | +1-561-989-2065
Stephen H. Kalos specializes in industrial organization, the economics of innovation...




Firoze E. Katrak 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Boston
Dr. Katrak is an expert in industrial marketing and pricing, industry structure...




J.R. Kearl 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Salt Lake City | +1-801-536-1510
Dr. James R. Kearl is a senior consultant to CRA with the Antitrust & Competition...




Michael A. Kemp 

Senior Consultant to CRA | Boston | +1-617-425-3350
Michael Kemp is an expert in policy analysis, with particular experience in the use of...




Neal Kissel 

Marakon European Practice Head | London | +44-20-7664-3727
Neal has more than 18 years of experience working with senior executives in the...




Mason Kissell 

Vice President | New York | +1-212-520-7270
Mason joined Marakon in 1988 and spent eight years in the London office before...




Ned Kitfield  

Vice President | Boston | +1-617-270-3311
Ned Kitfield has extensive experience providing commercial decision support for large...




Reto Kohler  

Vice President  | New York | +1-212-520-7279
Reto J. Kohler joined Marakon in January 2017 as a director with close to 20 years of...




Jennifer Kordell 

Vice President | Boston | +1-617-425-3186
Ms. Kordell runs our global Human Capital department, overseeing recruiting, training...




Devendra Kumar 

Vice President  | London | +44-207-959-1549
Devendra  is a senior executive in financial services with over 20 years of...




Kai-Uwe Kühn 

Senior Consultant to CRA | London | +1-734-763-5317
Kai-Uwe Kühn is a senior consultant to the Competition Practice of CRA. He is a...

 
Pages1
2
3
4
5
next ›
last »
 
 


 
 
 

 
























About CRA | Charles River Associates





















Skip to main content
Skip to navigation










Search form

Search 





 
 


 
 





For 50 years, CRA has been a premier consulting firm. Each of our practice areas is highly regarded, and our consultants are recognized for their creative and multi-disciplinary approach to solving our clients’ complex problems in the US and throughout the world.


 
 




       
   


About CRA 




About CRACharles River Associates is a leading global consulting firm that offers economic, financial, and strategic expertise to major law firms, corporations, accounting firms, and governments around the world.
With proven skills in complex cases and exceptional strength in analytics, CRA consultants have provided astute guidance to clients in thousands of successful engagements. We offer litigation and regulatory support, business strategy and planning, market and demand forecasting, policy analysis, and risk management consulting.
Our success stems from the outstanding capabilities of our consultants, many of whom are recognized as experts in their respective fields; our close relationships with a select group of respected academic and industry experts; and from a corporate philosophy that stresses interdisciplinary collaboration and responsive service.
Headquartered in Boston, the firm has offices internationally. 


 


 







   

 
 


 
 
 

 
























Health care industry consulting | Charles River Associates





















Skip to main content
Skip to navigation










Search form

Search 





 
 


 
 





Counsel for Yale-New Haven Hospital and the Hospital of Saint Raphael (HSR) retained CRA to document that the merger would alleviate HSR’s serious financial difficulties while creating additional bed capacity and significant clinical benefits. After a second request review, the FTC and Connecticut Attorney General closed their investigations of the transaction.


 
 







Filter

-- Services --



-- Industries --



-- Type --







 
 


 


"Health Care" 




Health CareCRA combines in-depth industry knowledge and cutting-edge analytics to evaluate issues being litigated and debated in the health care sector. Our industry knowledge enables us to explain, for example, the nuances of provider reimbursement or the patient incentives created by high deductible health insurance plans, and our economic, statistical, accounting, and finance skills—as well as our familiarity with key health care datasets—equips CRA to provide rigorous, defensible analyses tailored to the specific facts of a litigation or regulatory dispute.


Attempted monopolization


Capabilities
In the area of attempted monopolization, CRA and its experts:

Provide consultation and expert testimony in matters involving allegations of exclusive dealing, raising rivals’ costs, tying and bundling, most favored nations provisions and other contracts that reference rivals, monopsonistic reimbursement, entry exclusions through the Certificate of Need process, pay-for-delay, and price discrimination.
Use cutting-edge economic theory and empirical analysis to distinguish aggressive competition that is procompetitive from business practices that hinder competition.
Address questions related to merits, damages, and class certification.
Work with key health care data sources to develop original economic analyses tailored to the specific facts of each case.





Collusion and price fixing




Capabilities
In the area of collusion and price fixing, CRA and its experts:

Provide consultation and expert testimony in matters involving collusion and price fixing, including common MCO reimbursement practices, joint provider negotiations, group boycotts, reverse payments/pay-for-delay and agreements to allocate customers.
Utilize key health care data sources and sound economic theory, as well as econometric expertise, to assess the plausibility of collusion claims and to perform statistical analyses to distinguish between competitive and anti-competitive pricing and payment.
Address associated merits, causation, class certification, and damages questions.
Employ broad health care sector experience that includes hospitals, physicians, MCOs, PBMs, pharmacies, pharmaceuticals, clinical laboratories, dialysis services, ambulance transport, nursing homes, among other health industry segments to ensure that analyses reflect unique industry attributes and incentives.





Mergers


Capabilities
In the area of mergers, CRA and its experts:

Provide consultation and expert testimony analyzing the competitive effects of horizontal and vertical mergers and joint ventures across the health care sector, addressing the questions raised by the Horizontal Merger Guidelines and current enforcement practice.
Identify and account for the unique characteristics of the health care industry that shape competitors’ behaviors and incentives utilizing CRA’s broad and deep experience with all facets of the health care industry.
Utilize key health care data sources and rely on sound economic theory to define product and geographic markets, assess the competitive constraints of entry and expansion, and consider the impact of insurance and regulatory oversight on market dynamics.
Identify and quantify the cost reductions and quality enhancements that are significant and only achievable through the proposed merger.
Assess the long run financial viability and competitive significance of the merging parties absent the proposed merger.
Work with management to design joint ventures that combine operations in a manner that minimizes antitrust concerns.





Class Certification


Capabilities
In the area of class certification, CRA and its experts:

Provide consultation and/or expert testimony evaluating class certification issues, including commonality and typicality as well as assessment of class-wide damages and damage allocation models.
Analyze health care data (e.g., medical claims data from health plans, medical providers, or government sources) to demonstrate statistically whether or not the impact to members of a putative class can be assessed with a common framework or whether members of a putative class share common interests.
Apply health care knowledge, economic theory, and quantitative analysis to assess an existing class-wide damages model or propose an appropriate and supportable damages model.
Identify and account for the unique characteristics of the health care industry utilizing CRA’s broad and deep health care sector experience, including hospitals, physicians, MCOs, pharmaceuticals, dialysis services, clinical laboratories, ambulance transport, PBMs, nursing homes, and medical waste services.





Damages


Capabilities
In the area of damages, CRA and its experts:

Provide consultation and expert testimony in matters involving individual or class-wide damages in antitrust, fraud/false claims, reimbursement, product liability, patent/trademark/copyright, and commercial disputes.
Isolate and measure the harm of any alleged wrongful activity by constructing models of the “but-for” world that are well-founded and based on sound economic theory and empirical evidence utilizing key health care data sources.
Leverage CRA’s in-depth knowledge of all facets of the health care industry, as well as its economics, accounting, and statistical expertise, to evaluate allegations and damages claims and to design rigorous damages models tailored to the specific facts and circumstances of each case.
Assess issues related to disputes involving lost profits, breach of contract, purchase price, valuation, business interruption, product liability, and fraud, among other damages claims.
Provide pretrial evaluations of damage claims and methodologies, including proposed settlements.





Fraud and False Claims


Capabilities
In the area of fraud and false claims, CRA and its experts:

Provide consultation and expert testimony in fraud and False Claims Act matters involving promotion, marketing, pricing, reimbursement, and distribution policies.
Leverage CRA’s in-depth knowledge of the health care industry, as well as its economics and statistical expertise, to evaluate allegations including, among other things, kickbacks leading to medically inappropriate provision of goods and services, inappropriate referrals, deceptive marketing, up-coding, or fraudulent billing practices.
Design economic analyses tailored to the industry-specific facts and circumstances of each case and develop damages models that are grounded in robust methodologies and that reflect market realities.
Work with key health care data sources and rely on sound economic theory, as well as econometric expertise, to analyze class certification, merits, causation, and damages questions.
Utilize broad and deep experience of the health care sector including hospitals, physicians, health insurance, PBMs, pharmacies, pharmaceuticals, clinical laboratories, dialysis services, ambulance transport, and nursing homes.





Reimbursement


Capabilities
In the area of provider reimbursement, CRA and its experts:

Provide consultation and expert testimony in disputes relating to determination of appropriate payment amounts and allegations of inappropriate denial of claims, billing practices, and out-of-network payment policies.
Perform statistical analyses to distinguish between procompetitive and anticompetitive pricing and payment.
Leverage CRA’s in-depth knowledge of the health care industry, as well as its statistical and economics expertise, to evaluate allegations of inappropriate denial of claims, up-coding, or fraudulent billing practices.
Utilize statistical sampling to evaluate reimbursement allegations efficiently, including the assessment of whether there are systematic patterns in payments or claims.
Analyze Medicare, Medicaid, and managed care health care claims data, as well as other key health care data sources, and rely on sound economic theory to evaluate class certification, merits, and damages questions.
Utilize broad and deep experience with all facets of the health care industry.




 
 


 




Monica Noether
Vice President
Boston
+1-617-425-3340
mnoether@crai.com
​

 


 
 
 

 

























Management Consulting | Charles River Associates





















Skip to main content
Skip to navigation










Search form

Search 





 
 


 
 





When a pharmaceutical product franchise was faced with regulatory pricing pressure, new competitors, and the entry of biosimilars, they came to CRA. We analyzed their options, developed a country segmentation strategy, and recommended an optimal reaction to biosimilar entry scenarios.


 
 







Filter

-- Services --



-- Industries --



-- Type --







 
 


 


"Management Consulting" 




Management Consulting
When senior industry executives need innovative strategies that optimize decision-making, they turn to CRA. Our management consultants blend decades of industry knowledge with advanced analytics and world-class economic expertise to help companies anticipate trends, focus on the highest value-at-stake issues and opportunities, and deliver sustainable, forward-looking strategies that set them apart from their peers.


Corporate and business unit strategy


CRA helps make corporate and business unit planning processes more effective. We start with the issues that impact key sectors of the business. We have a detailed understanding of industry drivers, and we know how to work with management teams to help them interpret and anticipate how critical issues influence business performance.
We typically utilize a top-down/bottom-up process when working with client teams. The top-down element captures the requirements of the senior executive leadership team to outline strategic direction, as well as overall goals. The bottom-up element reflects the detailed strategies and resource requirements identified by business units and/or key functional areas to deliver on the corporate vision and objectives.




IP strategy


CRA helps clients navigate the minefield of IP risks and opportunities. Intellectual property and other intangible assets are critical components of the net worth and overall shareholder value, but many companies fail to appreciate and take periodic inventories of these assets, so they are often under-exploited. Patents, pending patent applications, trade secrets, and licenses to these assets are the most financially-significant types of intellectual property biotechnology companies possess. CRA helps plan, protect, and defend our clients’ IP assets, while also safeguarding brand recognition, so that trademarks, service marks, and copyrights are not violated.
At a time when companies of all sizes and industries are under pressure to leverage what they have already developed in the form of incremental revenue streams and new opportunities, it’s critical that consideration is given to periodic IP audits and strategic analyses. CRA knows IP.




Growth strategy


CRA works with companies to develop growth strategies. We know how to assess existing business portfolios and investment opportunities and identify those that offer the greatest opportunity for capturing high-return, organic growth. We also know how to apply our market and regulatory insights to identify explicit opportunities for our clients particular circumstances. We work with management teams to identify implementation requirements and risks and to outline performance metrics and targets. Our consultants also work with senior management to help communicate growth strategies to company boards and other key stakeholders.




M&A strategy


CRA helps clients realize the maximum value from a merger, acquisition, or divestiture through a well-defined framework:

M&A activities must be grounded in a corporate or business ambition and strategy that is shared by the management team
The value of the target is unique to each potential acquirer/partner and can only be determined by an advisor with deep understanding of the products, markets, technologies and competitive environment of both the client and its target
Conventional financial reviews and forecasts are not sufficient – they must be complemented by a strategic characterization of the partner/acquisition target and an assessment of the fit and synergy potential of both partners
Key risk factors and uncertainties must be identified and assessed; these can include cultural differences, excessive initial valuation of new products, and higher environmental liabilities than initially disclosed

Our consultants act as your advocate in the process, working with you to shape the terms of the deal or advising you to walk away when appropriate. Unlike investment banks, we are not typically rewarded on the basis of a “success fee,” nor do we advise on transactions for which we provide capital. This enables us to act as impartial arbiters in the process. Our independence is particularly valued by investors and directors who might be evaluating competing investment opportunities, or who are under pressure to make potentially expensive, complex, and liability-laden decisions based on limited data.
Our transaction advisory services include M&A process support, privatization, and negotiation support.




Opportunity assessment


CRA helps clients discover unmet market needs, evaluate the potential of new markets, assess product uptake, understand the competitive landscape, and develop short- and long-term forecasts by both geography and product. New opportunities take many forms, each of which deserves a thorough evaluation of upside, cost, and risk.
In addition to evaluating new products and technologies, CRA applies its rigorous analytical approach to help our clients assess a range of other market opportunities, such as entry into new geographic markets, expansion into new distribution channels, and launching new specialties. Regardless of the specific circumstance and opportunity, CRA’s assessments are forward-looking, explicitly anticipating stakeholder reaction and competitor response.




Performance improvement


Effective management processes drive strong financial returns, so determining areas of weakness and applying corrective measures is a fundamental undertaking for a company seeking competitive advantage. CRA’s approach is governed by the necessity of aligning management processes and company strategy. We employ diagnostic tools that reveal areas of weak performance and then apply proven methodologies that lead to positive, lasting changes.
All engagements begin with basic inquiry. Where is value leaking out from core business processes? Are underlying capabilities fully exploited? What is the gap between processes in place and best practices, and how might you better stand out from competitors?  CRA’s powerful capabilities in the following disciplines have helped our clients develop and follow thoroughly-researched plans for action that have enabled them to produce sustainable, bottom-line results.

Supply chain management: CRA helps clients improve the effectiveness of contracts with third-parties and ensure that spend is appropriately aggregated and in-line with commercial realities.
Capital-management effectiveness: Effective management of multi-billion-dollar capital programs is critical for overall corporate growth and performance. CRA deploys business process design and portfolio tools to increase the expected value of the investment portfolio, ensure that capital budgets are appropriately defined, and that capital management processes produce incentives for top performance in third-party delivery.
Pricing effectiveness: CRA’s pricing and segmentation offerings help firms reduce product complexity and cost, and better align offerings to market needs.
Risk management: CRA examines and compares organizations’ methodologies for managing and reporting risk against industry best practices, and we can propose new approaches, technologies, and protocols that help your business more effectively manage risk without compromising commercial agility.





Portfolio strategy


CRA helps clients develop product and portfolio strategies that leverage competitive advantages and optimize marketing and sales resources to deliver an acceptable return on marketing investments. A critical aspect of any strategy assignment is to identify and prioritize segments based on profit and growth potential and determine segment-specific strategies (sales, marketing, pricing, channel, etc.)
Our recommendations are always based on rigorous quantitative analyses and centered on the unique features and benefits of a product.  Clients rely on us for:

Segmentation analyses: We quantify the opportunities within specific segments, focusing on potential returns to account management and field sales efforts.
Competitive positioning: We conduct studies to determine the optimal marketing strategy in light of competitive opportunities and threats, including assessments of the product lifecycle and franchise implications of positioning options.
Sales and promotion strategies: Our consultants are experts in weighing the costs and impact of promotion on brand awareness and, ultimately, on changes in buying patterns.
Distribution channel strategies: We assess channel profitability and take into account competitive and managed-market trends to seek competitive advantages for our clients.
Financial modeling: In combination with our market research expertise, our skills in financial modeling often yield recommendations that benefit clients.





R&D strategy


CRA can help companies select candidates and technologies and then manage a portfolio of alternatives to maximize shareholder value. We understand all aspects of the R&D process—discovery, manufacturing, and regulatory. This domain expertise combined with our experience in assimilating market expectations, allows us to help improve decision making. Additionally, our expertise in combining R&D, market uncertainty, and decision-flexibility into actionable strategies helps us to improve the speed and fidelity of R&D decisions.




Marakon



 
 


 
 
 

 
























Antitrust and Competition Economics | Charles River Associates





















Skip to main content
Skip to navigation










Search form

Search 





 
 


 
 





CRA economists advised counsel to Novartis throughout reviews of its three-part, $23 billion merger with GlaxoSmithKline. With the divestment of certain oncology drugs, the EC and FTC determined the deal would not hinder innovation and the development of new oncology drugs. CRA also advised Novartis on the sale of its animal health business to Eli Lilly.




CRA economists assisted Postmedia and Quebecor Media (QMI) throughout a review by the Competition Bureau. Ultimately, the agency decided not to challenge Postmedia’s $305.5 million acquisition of QMI’s English-language newspapers noting it is unlikely to lessen competition for advertising or readership in areas of overlap.




CRA economists advised counsel to Office Depot throughout a review by the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) of its proposed $1.2 billion merger with OfficeMax. The FTC ultimately closed its Second Request investigation, noting that the merger is unlikely to lessen competition in the sale of consumable office supplies.


 
 







Filter

-- Services --



-- Industries --



-- Type --







 
 


 


Antitrust and Competition 




Antitrust & Competition Economics
CRA's competition economists have provided economic analysis and testimony in numerous competition matters in the United States, Europe, Australia, and Canada. Many have served in government antitrust agencies or are members of premier academic economics and law faculties.
Our experience extends to many industries, including, among others, healthcare, energy, computer hardware/software, retailing, telecommunications, aerospace and defense, entertainment, transportation, natural resources, sports, chemicals, pharmaceuticals, financial services, and consumer products.
United States
Canada
Europe


 

 
 


 






 
 


 
 
 

 
























About CRA | Charles River Associates





















Skip to main content
Skip to navigation










Search form

Search 





 
 


 
 





For 50 years, CRA has been a premier consulting firm. Each of our practice areas is highly regarded, and our consultants are recognized for their creative and multi-disciplinary approach to solving our clients’ complex problems in the US and throughout the world.


 
 




       
   


About CRA 




About CRACharles River Associates is a leading global consulting firm that offers economic, financial, and strategic expertise to major law firms, corporations, accounting firms, and governments around the world.
With proven skills in complex cases and exceptional strength in analytics, CRA consultants have provided astute guidance to clients in thousands of successful engagements. We offer litigation and regulatory support, business strategy and planning, market and demand forecasting, policy analysis, and risk management consulting.
Our success stems from the outstanding capabilities of our consultants, many of whom are recognized as experts in their respective fields; our close relationships with a select group of respected academic and industry experts; and from a corporate philosophy that stresses interdisciplinary collaboration and responsive service.
Headquartered in Boston, the firm has offices internationally. 


 


 







   

 
 


 
 
 


CRA International Inc (CRAI.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: CRA International Inc (CRAI.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsBusiness Support Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				CRAI.O on Nasdaq


				35.41USD
21 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.42


					            (-1.17%)
					        






Prev Close

$35.83


Open

$35.92




Day's High

$36.06


Day's Low

$35.27




Volume

56,539


Avg. Vol

39,793




52-wk High

$40.00


52-wk Low

$25.50












					Full Description



CRA International, Inc., incorporated on February 19, 1965, is a global consulting firm. The Company provides economic, financial and management consulting services. The Company consulting services in two areas: litigation, regulatory, and financial consulting and management consulting. The Company advises clients on economic and financial matters pertaining to litigation and regulatory proceedings, and guide corporations through business strategy and performance-related issues. It combines economic and financial analysis with litigation and regulatory support, business strategy and planning, market and demand forecasting, and policy analysis. It is retained in stakes matters, such as multibillion-dollar mergers and acquisitions, new product introductions, major strategy and capital investment decisions, and complex litigation. The Company provides consulting services to corporate clients and attorneys in a range of litigation and regulatory proceedings, providing research and analysis, testimony, and support in litigation and regulatory proceedings in all areas of finance, accounting, economics, insurance, and forensic accounting and investigations.The Company uses its capability in economics, finance, and business to offer law firms, businesses, and government agencies services related to class certification, damages analysis, reports and testimony, regulatory analysis, strategy development, valuation of tangible and intangible assets, risk management and transaction support. In its management consulting services, the Company uses its capability in economics, finance, and business analysis to offer its clients services, such as strategy development, performance improvement, corporate strategy and portfolio analysis, estimation of market demand, new product pricing strategies, valuation of intellectual property and other assets, assessment of competitors' actions, and analysis of new sources of supply. Its analytical capability in economic and financial methods is complemented by its capability in specific industries, including agriculture; banking and capital markets; chemicals; communications and media; consumer products; energy; entertainment; financial services; healthcare; insurance; life sciences; manufacturing; metals, mining, and materials; oil and gas; real estate; retail; sports; telecommunications; transportation; and technology.Litigation, Regulatory, and Financial ConsultingIn its litigation, regulatory, and financial consulting practices, it works closely with law firms on behalf of one or more companies involved in litigation or regulatory proceedings in areas, such as antitrust, damages, and labor and employment. The Company provides services, such as economic capability, analyses and testimony in areas, such as Antitrust & Competition; Damages & Valuation; Financial Accounting & Valuation; Financial Economics; Forensic & Cyber Investigations; Insurance Economics; Intellectual Property; International Arbitration; Labor & Employment; Mergers & Acquisitions; Regulatory Economics & Compliance; Securities & Financial Markets, and Transfer Pricing. It provides Antitrust litigation services, including economic analysis of the effects of alleged collusion and cartels, monopolization, abuse of dominance, monopsony and vertical restrictions. Its Damages & Valuation includes services, such as disputes involving lost profits, breach of contract, purchase price, valuation, business interruption, product liability, and fraud, among other damages claims. Calculating damages, providing expert testimony, and critiquing opposing experts' damages analyses in matters involving disputes in antitrust; intellectual property; securities and other financial market issues; insolvency; property values; contract; employment discrimination; product liability; environmental contamination, and purchase price. Supporting clients with corporate valuation services, providing pre-trial evaluations of damages claims and methodologies, and evaluating proposed settlements in class action and other cases.The Company's Financial Accounting & Valuation services include commercial and shareholder disputes; corporate finance damages advise; corporate investigations; due diligence; financial accounting, and valuation and litigation support and testimony, including both liability and damages. Its Financial Economics includes matters pertaining to financial markets, including regulatory analyses and litigation support for financial institutions in areas of fair lending compliance, credit risk, credit scoring, consumer and mortgage lending, housing markets, international mortgage markets and securitization. Analyses of valuations and estimates of damages associated with breaches of contract, national laws, and international treaties and the effects of market rules, processes, and contracts on prices and competition. Its Forensic & Cyber Investigations includes forensic accounting and analysis of complex accounting issues; fraud, corruption, bribery and embezzlement investigations; white collar defense; cybercrime, data breach and theft of trade secrets investigations; computer and other digital forensic analyses; actionable business intelligence and reputational due diligence, and other independent professional services that help clients preserve their reputation and support their commitment to integrity.The Company's Insurance Economics includes matters pertaining to advising insurers, regulators, and legislators in management, insurance products, and litigation and regulation. Its Intellectual Property includes matters pertaining to all types of intellectual property assets, including valuation, litigation, transaction and strategic advisory services, patents, trade secrets, copyrights and trademarks, as well as economic damages in intellectual property litigation, valuations of intellectual property assets for strategic and regulatory purposes, and transactional advisory services for licensing and other intellectual property-rich transactions. It provides witness and litigation support services; conducts analyses of employment and contracting practices; monitors consent decrees and settlement agreements; designs information systems to track relevant employment data, and analyzes liability and assessing damages.The Company's assists clients in obtaining domestic and foreign regulatory approvals in proceedings before government agencies, such as the United States Federal Trade Commission, the United States Department of Justice, the Merger Task Force at the European Commission, and the Canadian Competition Bureau. Analyses include simulating the effects of mergers on prices, estimating demand elasticities, designing and administering customer and consumer surveys, and studying possible acquisition-related synergies. It provides regulatory proceedings and assists clients in understanding and mitigating regulatory risks and exposures, preparing policy studies that help develop the basis for sound regulatory policy, drafting regulatory filings, and advising on regulations pertaining to environmental protection, employment, and health and safety.The Company provides application of financial economics and accounting to litigation and business problems areas, such as securities litigation; securities markets and financial institutions; valuation and damages, and other financial litigation. The Company provides Transfer Pricing in all phases of the tax cycle, including planning, documentation, and tax valuation. It also includes audit defense and support in pricing agreements, alternative dispute resolution, and litigation in proceedings involving the Internal Revenue Service, the Tax Division of the United States Department of Justice, state and municipal tax authorities, and foreign tax authorities.Management ConsultingThe Company's management consulting practices offer a mix of industry and functional capability to help companies solve their strategic, organizational and operational business problems. The Company supports clients in implementation by setting priorities, focusing resources and aligning operations. The Company offers management consulting in the areas, including Auctions & Competitive Bidding; Corporate & Business Strategy; Enterprise Risk Management; Environmental & Energy Strategy; Intellectual Property & Technology Management; Organization & Performance Improvement, and Transaction Advisory Services. It provides auction and market design, implementation, and monitoring services, as well as bidding support services, for businesses, industry organizations, and governments in various industries around the world, including commodities, energy and utilities, telecommunications, transportation, natural resources and other industries. It advises on business strategy, corporate revitalizations and organizational effectiveness. It advises chief executive officers and executive management teams on corporate and business unit strategy, market analysis, portfolio management, pricing strategy and product positioning. It offers strategy, execution, organic growth, growth through acquisition, productivity, risk management, leadership and organization, among others.The Company advises financial institutions and corporations in areas of governance and strategy, process analytics, and technology related to risk management. It advises companies on corporate strategy to address risks and uncertainties surrounding environmental policy developments; business models that adapt to future environmental policy; investment decision-making processes that account for environmental policy uncertainty; environmental strategic compliance options with regulations/legislation; emissions trading planning surrounding cap-and-trade policies; identification of business opportunities that could relate to environmental trends, and the economic and business issues surrounding clean and renewable energy, enterprise and asset management, global gas and liquefied natural gas services, and regulation and litigation. It advises top management, investors and boards on technology strategy and planning, research and development management, commercialization, technology market evaluation, intellectual property management, and portfolio and resource management. It advises corporate clients in areas of revenue growth drivers; operating margin drivers; asset efficiency drivers; key enablers, and performance management and metrics. It advises business leaders, including buyers and sellers, in the areas of due diligence, mergers and acquisitions, private equity and valuation.

» Full Overview of CRAI.O







					Company Address



CRA International Inc
200 Clarendon Street, T-33BOSTON   MA   2116
P: +1617.4253000F: +1617.4253132







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Rowland Moriarty

--




							 Paul Maleh

2,494,010




							 Jonathan Yellin

--




							 Douglas Miller

--




							 Chad Holmes

905,501




» More Officers & Directors





					CRA International Inc News




BRIEF-Charles River Associates Q1 non-gaap earnings per share $0.33

May 04 2017 
BRIEF-CRA International Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.24

Mar 01 2017 
BRIEF-Charles River sees double-digit growth in net income, EPS for 2016

Feb 16 2017 
BRIEF-Charles River Associates acquires C1 Consulting

Jan 31 2017 

» More CRAI.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsBusiness Support Services





















  CRAI:NASDAQ GS Stock Quote - CRA International Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  CRA International Inc   CRAI:US   NASDAQ GS        35.41USD   0.42   1.17%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/21/2017     Open   35.92    Day Range   35.27 - 36.06    Volume   56,539    Previous Close   35.83    52Wk Range   25.50 - 40.00    1 Yr Return   36.31%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   35.92    Day Range   35.27 - 36.06    Volume   56,539    Previous Close   35.83    52Wk Range   25.50 - 40.00    1 Yr Return   36.31%    YTD Return   -3.25%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   36.04    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.98    Market Cap (m USD)   303.636    Shares Outstanding  (m)   8.575    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.89    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   1.58%        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change -0.22%     Industry Commercial & Professional Services   % Price Change +1.31%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/19/2017   Charles River Associates (CRA) to Host Second-Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Conference Call on July 27     6/23/2017   Charles River Associates Celebrates 50 Years of Service by James Burrows     6/8/2017   Charles River Associates (CRA) to Present at the 2017 Marcum MicroCap Conference     6/5/2017   Senior Forensic Experts Join Charles River Associates in the U.S. and U.K.     6/1/2017   Charles River Associates (CRA) to Present at the Stifel 2017 Technology, Internet & Media Conference     5/21/2017   Singapore eDevelopment Initiates Research Universal Drug Platfor     5/10/2017   Charles River Associates (CRA) to Present at the East Coast IDEAS Investor Conference     5/4/2017   Charles River Associates (CRA) Reports Results for the First Quarter of 2017     5/4/2017   Charles River Associates (CRA) Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend     4/19/2017   Charles River Associates (CRA) Expands Energy Expertise in Europe    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   CRA International Inc. is an economic and business consulting firm that serves a broad range of clients. The Company provides legal and regulatory consulting and business consulting to clients such as law firms, corporations, government agencies, utilities, and national and international trade associations.    Address  200 Clarendon StreetBoston, MA 02116-5092United States   Phone  1-617-425-3000   Website   www.crai.com     Executives Board Members    Paul A Maleh  President/CEO    Chad Holmes  Exec VP/CFO/Treasurer    Jonathan D Yellin  Exec VP/General Counsel    Douglas C Miller  VP/Chief Acctg Offcr/Controller    Andrea Goodman  Dir:Communications/IR     Show More         






























Cra International,inc. - CRAI - Stock Price Today - Zacks






























Quote Overview


Stock Activity



Open
35.92


Day Low
35.27


Day High
36.06


52 Wk Low
25.41


52 Wk High
40.00


Avg. Volume
30,600


Market Cap
303.64 M


Dividend
0.56 ( 1.58%)


Beta
0.77





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
0.42


Current Qtr Est
0.42


Current Yr Est
1.44


Exp Earnings Date
*BMO7/27/17


Prior Year EPS
1.33


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)NA


Forward PE
24.59


PEG Ratio
NA













Business Services » Consulting Services



*BMO = Before Market Open *AMC = After Market Close


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Reports for CRAI

 
 

All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



Premium Research for CRAI





Zacks Rank


Hold 3



Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 32%(85 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Bottom 19% (13  out of 16) 



Style Scores

A Value | C Growth | C Momentum | B VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Reports for CRAI

Analyst | Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




CRA International,Inc.
CRAI



Exponent, Inc.
EXPO



Gartner, Inc.
IT



NV5 Global, Inc.
NVEE



Accenture PLC
ACN



Bureau Veritas Registre International De Classification
BVRDF



CBIZ, Inc.
CBZ




See all Consulting Services Peers


 




Zacks News for CRAI

CRA International (CRAI) Down 8.1% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound?
06/08/17-9:04AM EST  Zacks

CRA International (CRAI) Misses Q1 Earnings, Revenues Beat
05/05/17-7:42AM EST  Zacks

CRAI: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services

Why Should You Hold on to Waste Management Stock for Now?
04/17/17-7:49AM EST  Zacks

Here's Why You Should Bet on ABM Industries (ABM) Stock Now
04/11/17-7:32AM EST  Zacks

Omnicom (OMC) Remains Well Poised on Balanced Growth Model
04/10/17-7:52AM EST  Zacks




Company Summary
CRA International is an economics, finance, and business consulting firm that works with businesses, law firms, accounting firms, and governments in providing a wide range of services. CRA combines economic and financial analysis with expertise in litigation and regulatory support, business strategy and planning, market and demand forecasting, policy analysis, and engineering and technology management.   





 











	Ocean Spray > Home














































Register
|Login







Home


Qualification Process


Q&A's



SECTION 1: Overview


SECTION 2: Products, Contracts & Trading Process


SECTION 6: Miscellaneous





Calendar


Latest Results


Next Trading Event


News



Press Releases


Product Information


Drinks Ingredients Conf.





About



Trading Platform and Auction Examples


Trading Manager



























Home
Qualification Process

Q&A's

SECTION 1: Overview
SECTION 2: Products, Contracts & Trading Process
SECTION 6: Miscellaneous


Calendar
Latest Results 
Next Trading Event
News

Press Releases
Product Information
Drinks Ingredients 2010


About


Trading Platform and
                        Auction Examples
Trading Manager


Register









  

 



Ocean Spray
Ocean Spray ITG
CRA International, Inc.
















Product Specifications



Cranberry Juice ConcentrateWith Essence Returned




Industry Information



www.UScranberries.com




USDA Economics, Statistics& Market Information System
















Welcome

Ocean Spray welcomes you to the information site for the Internet-based electronic trading platform for cranberry juice concentrate. The cranberry trading platform offers Ocean Spray’s customers and supply partners improved price transparency, forward price information, and enhanced price risk management capabilities. The simple trading process is conducted by an independent third-party, CRA International, Inc. 
This Information Website is intended for the use by potential and existing customers and supply partners interested in learning more about the trading platform. If you are not a Registered User of this Website and would like to access additional content on this site or if you would like to become a Qualified Bidder, click here to register. 
About Ocean Spray
Ocean Spray was formed in 1930 by three cranberry growers with a simple love of cranberries. Led by lawyer and grower Marcus L. Urann, the three began coming up with new and innovative products made from cranberries. Since then, the Ocean Spray cooperative has grown to more than 600 grower families all across North America. The cooperative’s first product was jellied cranberry sauce, followed by original Ocean Spray Cranberry Juice Cocktail hitting the shelves in the early 1930s, beginning a long tradition of quality, innovation, and success. The rest, as they say, is history. We at Ocean Spray continue to pride ourselves on the tradition of innovation and resourcefulness established by our three founders over 80 years ago. And now, standing over 600 grower families strong, we’re ready to carry on that tradition of success for generations to come.
About CRA International, Inc.
Ocean Spray has appointed CRA International, Inc. d/b/a Charles River Associates (CRA) as the independent Trading Manager for cranberryauction.com. CRA is expert in the design and operation of auctions and other trading mechanisms. More information on CRA: www.crai.com












               April 26, 2017 - Cranberry Trading Results Event #31      













Copyright © 2017 CRA International, Inc.
  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use
        |  Disclaimer




















CRA International, Inc. Entry Level Jobs and Internships





















































Follow








CRA International, Inc.

                CRA International, Inc. is an economic, financial, and management consulting services firm. It works with businesses, law firms, accounting firms and governments in providing advice and a range of services around the world. The Company offers services to its clients in matters, such as mergers and acquisitions, new product introductions, strategy and capital investment decisions, and complex litigation. The Company's business is diversified across multiple dimensions, including service offerings, vertical industry coverage, areas of functional expertise, client base and geography. Through 26 offices located around the world, it provides multiple services across 25 areas of functional expertise to clients across 18 vertical industries. On March 24, 2008, the Company sold the majority of its Australian-based operations. In 2008, the Company discontinued its capital projects and legal business consulting services.
(Source: 10-K)

                                    
show less



                    CRA International, Inc. is an economic, financial, and management consulting services firm. It works with businesses, law firms, accounting firms and governments in providing advice and a range of services around the world. The Company offers services to its clients in matters, such as mergers and acquisitions, new product introductions, strategy and capital investment decisions, and complex litigation. The Company's business is diversified across multiple dimensions, including service offerings, vertical industry coverage, areas of functional expertise, client base and geography. Through 26 offices
                    ...
                    
                    
show more



 









 Scholarships
            
There are no scholarships at this time




 
                        




  Events
            
There are no events at this time





                                Company Data on 
                                    
                                        CRA International, Inc.
                                    

                                provided by
                                




 
                    





                            CRA International, Inc. is hiring for these positions
                        



                                            Show me:
                                            All available jobs
                                        


































Home


Blog


Navigate Jobs






About Us


Team


Contact Us






For Employers


Employer Blog


Webinar Schedule






Academia






Scholarships




















 


                Toll-Free: 877-725-7721 (8 am to 5 pm PST)
                Email: info@aftercollege.com 
                © 2017 AfterCollege, Inc. All rights reserved. U.S. Pat. 7,213,019.
            


                    Privacy Policy
                
                 | 
                
                    Terms of Service
                











×





















CRA International, Inc.                                                                                                  - Boston                                            , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Boston



Management Consulting Services



Management Consulting Services



                            CRA International, Inc.
                                    



 





















C 


CRA International, Inc.                                                                                                 
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



200 CLARENDON ST BOSTON, MA 02116
Get Directions



(617) 425-3000
www.crai.com                                                                                            





Business Info



 Founded 1965
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $303,559,000.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Management Consulting Services
 Contacts Paul Maleh                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1965 the company has been providing Management Consulting Services. 









VERIFIED Status:
VERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    6 - 4 - 2015
                                



Phone:

                                    VERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















CRA International Inc | Chicago, IL - Macrae's Blue Book






















America's Original Industrial Directory Since 1893 

Login











Home
News



Advertise With Us

Ultimate Marketing Bundle
Industrial B2B Search Engine Rankings
Industrial Directory Advertising




Get Listed
Why Us?
About Us







Company / 
						Product/Service




 

Search













Is This Your Company?

CRA International Inc



Address:

101 N Wacker Dr
Chicago,  IL
,  60606-1784





Phone:
312-357-1000
Contact this Company


This company is located in the Central Time Zone and the office is currently
								Closed


Get a Free Quote from CRA International Inc and other companies


Click here and Select a Product...RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT & TESTING SERVICES, COMMERCIAL: Market Analysis Or Research






CRA International Inc Products:
Commercial Nonphysical Research Engineering and Research and Technology Based Services




Estimated Shipping Rates from 	Chicago, Illinois to

(Select State Below)
Alabama (AL) Alaska (AK) Arizona (AZ) Arkansas (AR) California (CA) Colorado (CO) Connecticut (CT) Delaware (DE) Florida (FL) Georgia (GA) Hawaii (HI) Idaho (ID) Illinois (IL) Indiana (IN) Iowa (IA) Kansas (KS) Kentucky (KY) Louisiana (LA) Maine (ME) Maryland (MD) Massachusetts (MA) Michigan (MI) Minnesota (MN) Mississippi (MS) Missouri (MO) Montana (MT) Nebraska (NE) Nevada (NV) New Hampshire (NH) New Jersey (NJ) New Mexico (NM) New York (NY) North Carolina (NC) North Dakota (ND) Ohio (OH) Oklahoma (OK) Oregon (OR) Pennsylvania (PA) Rhode Island (RI) South Carolina (SC) South Dakota (SD) Tennessee (TN) Texas (TX) Utah (UT) Vermont (VT) Virginia (VA) Washington (WA) West Virginia (WV) Wisconsin (WI) Wyoming (WY)


			These costs are an estimate and cannot be used as actual shipping costs. Please contact CRA International Inc for a complete quote with shipping costs.
			




Shipment Type
Estimated Price


Pallet
$70


Partial Dry Van
$480


48' Standard Flatbed w/tarps
$590


53' Dry Van Truckload
$610





Get a Free Quote from CRA International Inc and other companies


Click here and Select a Product...RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT & TESTING SERVICES, COMMERCIAL: Market Analysis Or Research









Additional Info for CRA International Inc



							Products - National
 

							Products - Local
 



Products offered by CRA International Inc


RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT & TESTING SERVICES, COMMERCIAL: Market Analysis Or Research



Products offered in Illinois


					RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT & TESTING SERVICES, COMMERCIAL: Market Analysis Or Research - serving Illinois 



  





MacRAE'S Recommended Suppliers


OctoChem Inc








OctoChem Inc. is a sample fulfillment outsourcing company servicing the..





Show All


Related Companies
					
					within
					
10 mi 20 mi 50 mi 100 mi 200 mi 500 mi


Relating Score



B

Cpe Communications
0.2mi
111 S Wacker Dr # 4700, Chicago
								

10


C

Gallup Organization
0.2mi
111 S Wacker Dr # 4850, Chicago
								

10


D

Caymus Group LLC
0.2mi
30 N La Salle St, Chicago
								

10


E

Information Resources Inc
0.3mi
550 W Washington Blvd # 6, Chicago
								

10


F

Heartland Institute
0.3mi
19 S La Salle St # 903, Chicago
								

10


G

Tns
0.3mi
500 W Monroe St # 2710, Chicago
								

10


H

Resource Systems Group Inc
0.3mi
205 W Wacker Dr # 615, Chicago
								

10


I

Gartner Inc
0.3mi
233 S Wacker Dr, Chicago
								

10


J

Synovate Censydiam
0.3mi
222 S Riverside Plz, Chicago
								

10


K

Research International Usa
0.3mi
222 Merchandise Mart Plz # 275, Chicago
								

10


L

Brand Imprinting
0.4mi
333 W Hubbard St Apt 620, Chicago
								

10


M

Comperemedia
0.5mi
351 W Hubbard St, Chicago
								

10












Services
About MacRAE's
Quick links
Local Search Partners
Industrial Partners


Advertise With Us
Get Listed
Contact MacRAE'S BLUE BOOK

About Us
FAQ's
Partners
News
Testimonials


Link To Us
Data Products
Terms and Conditions
Site Map


Profile Canada


Canadian Trade Index 


 

Browse by Company:  
		A-B 
		C-E 
		F-J 
		K-O 
		P-S 
		T-Z 
		
		                 
		Browse by Heading:  
		A-C  
		D-K  
		L-R  
		S-Z




			© 2017 MacRAE'S. All rights reserved
			
Like us -


|
Join us -


|
Follow us -
















 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














cra inc international - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











INC at Macy's - Shop INC International Concepts.



Ad
 ·
Macys.com/​INC



Shop INC International Concepts. Save On The Season's Latest Trends!


11901 L  Lee Jackson Memorial Hwy., Fairfax · 


Directions

 · (571) 432-2200


macys.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(91 reviews)





Mens Clothes



Plus Size Clothes



Activewear




Womens Clothes



Juniors Clothes



Kids Clothes





Inc International - Search Inc International | metacrawler.com



Ad
 ·
www.metacrawler.com/​Inc International



Search for Inc International. Explore Inc International Results




International Inc - International Inc. Find Results.



Ad
 ·
Reference.com/​International Inc



International Inc. Find Results. Find Reference.com Related Content.





Browse Education



Browse Health



Browse Finance



Browse Vehicles
















CRA International




Charles River Associates is a global consulting firm headquartered in Boston. On June 9, 2009, the Company acquired Marakon Associates. Ranking CRA is ranked in several categories in Vault's

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

CRA International - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Charles_River_Associates


This article has an unclear citation style. The references used may be made clearer with a different or consistent style of citation, footnoting, or external linking.


CRA International (CRA) Announces Significant Milestone on ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2013/07/29/cra-international-cra...


CRA International (CRA) Announces Significant Milestone on the GlobalDairyTrade Internet-Based Trading Platform Cumulative Sales on GlobalDairyTrade Reach $10 Billion ...


CRA INTERNATIONAL INC CRAI - aol.com

https://www.aol.com/stock-quotes/nasdaq/cra-international-inc-crai


View the basic CRAI stock information on AOL Finance and compare CRA-INTERNATIONAL-INC against other companies


Christine Delivanis Joins Charles River Associates (CRA ...

https://www.aol.com/2013/01/10/christine-delivanis-joins-charles...


Detailed information about Charles River Associates, a registered trade name of CRA International, Inc., is available at http://www.crai.com.


CRA International Whiffs on Revenues - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/.../cra-international-whiffs-on-revenues/20235492


For the quarter ended March 31 (Q1), CRA International whiffed on revenues and missed estimates on earnings per share. Compared to the prior-year quarter, revenue ...


Economists with Charles River Associates (CRA) Assist ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2013/01/11/economists-with-charles...


Detailed information about Charles River Associates, a registered trade name of CRA International, Inc., is available at http://www.crai.com.


Energy Consultants with Charles River Associates (CRA ...

https://www.aol.com/2013/03/11/energy-consultants-with-charles...


Energy Consultants with Charles River Associates (CRA) ... Detailed information about Charles River Associates, a registered trade name of CRA International, Inc., ...


Are You Expecting This from CRA International? - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/.../are-you-expecting-this-from-cra-international


CRA International (NAS: CRAI) is expected to report Q4 earnings around Feb. 16. Here's what Wall Street wants to see: Comparing the upcoming quarter to the ...


Charles River Associates (CRA) Announces Second Quarter ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/07/25/charles-river...


cra international, inc. unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations including a reconciliation to non-gaap results: for the quarter ended june 29, 2013 ...


Charles River Associates (CRA) Strengthens Capabilities in ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2012/12/10/charles-river-associates...


Charles River Associates (CRA) Strengthens Capabilities in Life Sciences New Vice President Jeffrey Aroy Brings Background in Life Sciences Consulting ...










INC at Macy's - Shop INC International Concepts.



Ad
 ·
Macys.com/​INC



Shop INC International Concepts. Save On The Season's Latest Trends!


11901 L  Lee Jackson Memorial Hwy., Fairfax · 


Directions

 · (571) 432-2200


macys.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(91 reviews)





Mens Clothes



Plus Size Clothes



Activewear




Womens Clothes



Juniors Clothes



Kids Clothes





Inc International - Search Inc International | metacrawler.com



Ad
 ·
www.metacrawler.com/​Inc International



Search for Inc International. Explore Inc International Results




International Inc - International Inc. Find Results.



Ad
 ·
Reference.com/​International Inc



International Inc. Find Results. Find Reference.com Related Content.





Browse Education



Browse Health



Browse Finance



Browse Vehicles




Searches related tocra inc international



charles river rain jacket


cra international


charles river development


crai



cra boston


charles river associates new york


charles river associates


cra stock




12345Next

Related Searches



charles river rain jacket


cra international


charles river development


crai


cra boston


charles river associates new york


charles river associates


cra stock




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








