
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017













 













 













 













 





Denzel Washington’s Son, John David, Steals The Limelight At Golden Globes








































 








































                                        Share                    
                                                    569                                            




                                        Tweet                    
                                                    0                                            










                                Denzel Washington’s Son, John David, Steals The Limelight At Golden Globes                            

























Entertainment






                                                            569                                                    





                                                            0                                                    





                                                            0                                                    







            January 11, 2016        

            Denzel Washington’s Son, John David, Steals The Limelight At Golden Globes                    
Val Powell



The Internet world has been talking about Denzel Washington’s son since the Golden Globes, and several Twitter users are fangirling over him.
Denzel Washington brought his whole family onstage when he accepted his Cecil B. DeMille Lifetime Achievement Award. It was a nice moment for the entire family, but what caught most people’s attention was not Tom Hanks’ great introduction or even the awardee’s speech, but rather Denzel’s son, John David.
Everyone Learned Denzel Washington’s Son Is Really Hot At The #GoldenGlobes https://t.co/O3w9ySOyzh via @ryancreed pic.twitter.com/lhuVc8ofm2
— BuzzFeedEntmnt (@BuzzFeedEnt) January 11, 2016
John is also an actor and his biggest acting project to date is a role in the HBO series Ballers, where he plays Ricky Jerret, a football player. His first acting stint was in Malcolm X, which starred his famous father. He was only 9 when he appeared in the film, in which he played a student in a Harlem school.
Similar to his Ballers character, Denzel’s son plays football in real life and was an NFL athlete who played for the St. Louis Rams from 2006 to 2007. He also played for the European Football League (UFL) until 2012.
John David Washington Plays a Football Star in HBO’s ‘Ballers’

Even though he loved football, he admitted that acting has been his longtime dream. Before he was cast for HBO’s Ballers, the 31-year-old hunk co-produced the 2010 film, The Book of Eli with Denzel Washington, which shows how passionate he is about the craft of filmmaking.
“It was in my heart my whole life,” John said about acting during an interview with Sports Illustrated.
“But every kid has their rebel kind of thing, so my rebel, I turned to football, ’cause I always loved it too, but this was my thing,” Denzel’s son shared. John is also set to appear in the upcoming movie Coco, which follows the life of a hip-hop artist discovering slam poetry.
With his looks and talent, expect to see more of him in the coming years. If he chooses to follow his father’s career path, it will not be surprising to see John at the Golden Globes as a nominee in the near future.
On Sunday night, Denzel Washington accepted his Cecil B. DeMille Lifetime Achievement Award during the 73rd annual Golden Globes. The actor has won two Golden Globes in previous years for his work in The Hurricane and Glory.
Denzel’s wife, Pauletta, and their children Olivia, 24; Katia, 28; and John David, 31 were all present except for Malcolm, 24, who was busy with his thesis at AFI.
Hanks introduced Denzel Washington as “the actor of our generation” with “legendary and noble” achievements.
Tom Hanks on Denzel Washington: “A great actor will forever astound us.” #GoldenGlobes pic.twitter.com/9rNlCb9T0y
— ForbesLife (@ForbesLife) January 11, 2016
“Great cinema lasts forever, and a great actor will forever astound us. Now, these clips will remind us that a single name can be a superlative synonymous with extraordinary,” said Tom Hanks of his friend and colleague.
“A single name can define an artist who is a peer and equal of all of the greatest legends of our craft. If Washington doesn’t ring out loud enough, then let the first name carry all the weight. And that name is Denzel,” Hanks said as he welcomed the awardee on stage.
“You really do forget everything you’re supposed to do [up here],” said the 61-year-old star after receiving his recognition.
Denzel Washington Receives the Cecil B. DeMille Award with His Entire Family

“I’m speechless. I just thank you. I thank the Hollywood Foreign Press. Freddy Fields. Some of you may know Freddy Fields, he invited me to the first Hollywood Foreign Press luncheon. He said, ‘They’re gonna watch the movie, we’re gonna feed them, they’re gonna come over, you’re gonna take pictures with everybody, you’re gonna hold the magazines, take the pictures, and you’re gonna win the award.’ I won that year. I wanna thank the Hollywood Foreign Press for supporting me over the years. They’ve always made me feel like a friend — part of the party,” Denzel Washington further stated in his speech.
[Images by Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images]




Now Read This: ‘Big Brother 19’ Spoilers: Paul Abrahamian Nominations Take Shape, Elena Davies Loses It On ‘BB19’ Live Feeds 





                                        Share                    
                                                    569                                            




                                        Tweet                    
                                                    0                                            




                                        Share                    
                                                    0                                            




                                        Share                    
                                                    0                                            




                                        Pin It                    
                                                    0                                            













Contributor



Val Powell

Tags: golden glode, john david, hollywood actor, cecil B. Demille Award









July 27, 2017
ABC’s Entire ‘TGIF’ Library To Stream On Hulu: ‘Family Matters,’ ‘Full House,’ And More Coming Soon









July 27, 2017
The End Of An Era: Apple Quietly Ceases Production, Sales Of iPod Nano And iPod Shuffle





 

Comments












LATEST HEADLINES




‘Big Brother 19’ Spoilers: Paul Abrahamian Nominations Take Shape, Elena Davies Loses It On ‘BB19’ Live Feeds








Alex Jones Interviews Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt Of ‘The Hills’: Stars Talk Fake News, Reality TV Industry






‘Star Trek’ Star William Shatner Hosts Zero Gravity Zero-G Experience For Roddenberry Adventures [Opinion]






Chester Bennington’s Family Wants Private Funeral, No Plans To Bury Singer Next To Chris Cornell Despite Offer






Samsung Galaxy S9 To Boast Exynos 9810 CPU, Note 8 To Tout Exynos 9610








Obamacare Lives! Senate Vote to Repeal ACA Fails In Late Thursday Night Vote








Duggar Family News: Jim Bob Takes The Boys To OshKosh Air Show For Some Quality Father-Son Time






Australia Finally Beats The U.S. In Women’s Soccer In Historic Tournament Of Nations Win






Joseph Duggar And Kendra Caldwell Share First Kiss Plans






‘Y&R’ Spoilers: Victor Exposes Christian’s Real Paternity, Nick Devastated By His Dad’s Evil Revenge





 








Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox

Delivered To Your INBOX






Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox                    


Email Address












Or follow us online

FacebookTwitterGoogle-plusRss 










Trending Stories


 
Liev Schreiber Shocks World By Bringing Son To Comic-Con Dressed As Harley Quinn






                                                            46.1k                                                    





                                                            0                                                    





                                                            0                                                    








 
Trump Could Save Entire Annual Cost For Transgender To Serve In Military By Skipping One Trip To Mar-A-Lago






                                                            40.8k                                                    





                                                            0                                                    





                                                            0                                                    








 
Korn Guitarist Brian Head Welch Slammed For Calling Father Of Six Chester Bennington A ‘Coward’ After Suicide






                                                            14.6k                                                    





                                                            0                                                    





                                                            0                                                    








 
Donald Trump Gives Speech To Boy Scouts, Twitter Erupts As Parents Pledge To Pull Sons Out Of Scouting






                                                            10.4k                                                    





                                                            0                                                    





                                                            0                                                    








 
‘Criminal Minds’ Season 13: Paget Brewster Speaks Up About Cast Changes And Reid’s Status






                                                            8.9k                                                    





                                                            0                                                    





                                                            0                                                    








 
Texas Judge Orders Man To Continue Paying Child Support For Another Man’s Child






                                                            8.5k                                                    





                                                            0                                                    





                                                            0                                                    

















































John David Craft                                                                                                         - Owens Cross Roads                                 , AL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AL



Owens Cross Roads



Hobby, Toy, and Game Shops



Hobby And Craft Supplies



                            John David Craft
                                    



 





















J 


John David Craft                                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



524 CAVE SPRING RD OWENS CROSS ROADS, AL 35763
Get Directions



(256) 725-4662
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $49,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Hobby And Craft Supplies
 Contacts John Craft                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


John David Craft                                                                                                         was founded in 2010. John David Craft                                                                                                         specializes in Hobby And Craft Supplies. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














       Hwy 57 N Of, Memphis, TN - Owner: Craft John David Sr Etux Edith                Property and business record information for HWY 57 N OF, Memphis, TN!         Arivify    Toggle navigation       Home  States  Arizona California Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Illinois Massachusetts Maryland North Carolina Pennsylvania Tennessee Texas Virginia Washington West Virginia    Support  About Us Remove Name Contact Us   Search Blog                  Hwy 57 N Of  Memphis, TN 37080     You are here:  / States/ Tennessee/ Memphis/ Hwy 57 N Of            Owner NameCraft John David Sr Etux EdithAddressHwy 57 N OfCityMemphisStateTNZip Code37080Land UseAgriculturalLegal Description013.00         Hwy 57 N Of is a parcel of land located in Memphis, TN and has a legal description provided by the local assessor of 013.00. The Arivify.com account number for this parcel is TN35-171 01300 000171.This parcel is owned by Craft John David Sr Etux Edith and can be described as a Agricultural.For more information regarding Hwy 57 N Of including construction details, assessments, previous owners, and sales data please look below.    AssessmentsSorry, we were not able to find assessment data for HWY 57 N OF.       Parcel ValuesReappraisal Year2013Land Mkt Value$105,300Land Use Value:$81,800Improvement ValueImprovement Value:Total Market Appraisal$105,300Total Use Appraisal:$81,800Assessment %:$25Assessment:$20,450Recent SalesNo recent sales data.Nearby PropertiesAddressOwnerValue57 HWY Abundant Faith Ministries Trustees$57 HWY Adams Larry A$2665 HWY 57 Allen Charles Etux & Ellie T$1450 HWY 57 Allen Plummer L Etux Dawn$3485 HWY 57 S Anderson Eun Ester$3485 HWY 57 Anderson Eva$5220 HWY 57 Arnett Sylvester$57 HWY Ayers Lawrence$1360 HWY 57 Barber Alice$1660 E HWY 57 Barber Eric D$                              Home Search About Privacy Policy Blog Contact           © 2017 Arivify.com, All Right reserved                     



        1407914419 NPI number —  DR. JOHN DAVID CRAFT  D.M.D.































































Tweet


Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services




Medical Data Services
Healthcare Lookup Services
NPI Lookup
1407914419






NPI 1407914419:  DR. JOHN DAVID CRAFT  D.M.D.














NPI Number 1407914419 General Information



 PNG

            
                 
            
 Text
            
                 
            
 PDF
            
                 
            
 XML
            
                 
            
{} JSON
            






NPI Number


                        1407914419
                    

Similar Providers
                        


Entity Type Code

                        Individual
                
Provider Name / Organization
 DR. JOHN DAVID CRAFT  D.M.D.
Provider Business Mailing Address

 Copy Mailing Address


First Line
2136 BROADWAY ST 
Second Line
 
City
PADUCAH 
State
KY 
Postal Code (Zip)
42001-7110 
Country
US 
Phone
270-442-2310 
Fax
270-442-2953 
Provider Business Practice Location

 Copy Practice Location


First Line
2136 BROADWAY ST 
Second Line
 
City
PADUCAH 
State
KY 
Postal Code (Zip)
42001-7110 
Country
US 
Phone
270-442-2310 
Fax
270-442-2953 
Authorized Official

Title or Position
 
Name
   
Credential
  
Telephone Number
  
Provider Enumeration Date
12/04/2006 
Last Updated
07/08/2007 








Is this your account? 
Edit
Delete
Synchronize



















Detailed Information


            NPI Number 1407914419 has the "Individual" type of ownership and has been registered to the following primary business legal 
            name (which is a provider name or healthcare organization name) —  DR. JOHN DAVID CRAFT  D.M.D.. Records indicate that the provider gender is "Male". 
            The enumeration date of this NPI Number is 12/04/2006. NPI Number information was last updated on 07/08/2007.
        
The provider is physically located (Business Practice Location) at:



                    2136 BROADWAY ST 
                    PADUCAH, KY
                    42001-7110, US
                


 DR. JOHN DAVID CRAFT  D.M.D. can be reached at his practice location using the following numbers:

Phone:  270-442-2310
Fax:  270-442-2953
        
The provider's official mailing address is:



                    2136 BROADWAY ST 
                    PADUCAH, KY
                    42001-7110, US
                


The contact numbers associated with the mailing address are:

Phone:  270-442-2310
Fax:  270-442-2953
        

Scope of Practice
The following information about the specialty of the provider is available:



#
Taxonomy Code
Taxonomy Specialty
License Number
License State





                            1
                        

1223G0001X


General Practice


                            2929
                        

                            KY
                        










Legacy (other) Identifiers
For crosswalk purposes, the following legacy (non-NPI) identifiers are available for this provider:



#
Provider Identifier
Identifier Type
Identifier State
Issuer





                            1
                        

                            60029295
                        

                            MEDICAID
                        

                            KY
                        







Reference NPI Information

Full replica of the CMS (NPPES) NPI record:



Field Name
Value
Description





                                NPI
                            

                                1407914419
                            

                                10-position all-numeric identification number assigned by the NPS to uniquely identify a health care provider.
                            



                                Entity Type
                            

                                Individual
                            

                                Code describing the type of health care provider that is being assigned an NPI. Codes are:

1 = (Person): individual human being who furnishes health care;
2 = (Non-person): entity other than an individual human being that furnishes health care (for example, hospital, SNF, hospital subunit, pharmacy, or HMO).





                                Is Sole Proprietor
                            

                                Y
                            

                                Indicate whether provider is a sole proprietor.

A sole proprietor is the sole (the only) owner of a business that is not incorporated; that unincorporated business is a sole proprietorship.
In a sole proprietorship, the sole proprietor owns all of the assets of the business and is solely liable for all of the debts of the business.
There is no difference between a sole proprietorship and a sole proprietor; they are legally a single entity: an individual.
In terms of NPI assignment, a sole proprietor is an Entity type 1 (Individual) and is eligible for only one NPI (the sole proprietorship business is not eligible for its own NPI).
As an individual, a sole proprietorship cannot be a subpart and cannot have subparts. (See NPI Final Rule for information about subparts.)
A sole proprietorship may or may not have employees.
Often, the IRS assigns an EIN to a sole proprietorship in order to protect the sole proprietor's SSN from disclosure in claims or on W-2s. NPPES does not capture a sole proprietorship's EIN.
Many types of health care providers could be sole proprietorships (for example, group practices, pharmacies, home health agencies).





                                Provider Last Name (Legal Name)
                            

                                CRAFT
                            

                                The last name of the provider (if an individual). If the provider is an individual, this is the legal name. This name must match the name on file with the Social Security Administration (SSA). In addition, the date of birth must match that on file with SSA. (First and last names are required for initial applications.) The First, Middle, Last and Credential(s) fields allow the following special characters: ampersand, apostrophe, colon, comma, forward slash, hyphen, left and right parentheses, period, pound sign, quotation mark, and semi-colon. A field cannot contain all special characters.
                            



                                Provider First Name
                            

                                JOHN
                            

                                The first name of the provider, if the provider is an individual.
                            



                                Provider Middle Name
                            

                                DAVID
                            

                                The middle name of the provider, if the provider is an individual.
                            



                                Provider Name Prefix Text
                            

                                DR.
                            

                                The name prefix or salutation of the provider if the provider is an individual; for example, Mr., Mrs., or Corporal.
                            



                                Provider Credential Text
                            

                                D.M.D.
                            

                                The abbreviations for professional degrees or credentials used or held by the provider, if the provider is an individual. Examples are MD, DDS, CSW, CNA, AA, NP, RNA, or PSY. These credential designations will not be verified by NPS.
                            



                                Provider First Line Business Mailing Address
                            

                                2136 BROADWAY ST
                            

                                The first line mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider first line location address''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address City Name
                            

                                PADUCAH
                            

                                The City name in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address City name''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address State Name
                            

                                KY
                            

                                The State or Province name in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address State name''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Postal Code
                            

                                42001-7110
                            

                                The postal ZIP or zone code in the mailing address of the provider being identified. NOTE: ZIP code plus 4-digit extension, if available. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address postal code''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Country Code
                            

                                US
                            

                                The country code in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address country code''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Telephone Number
                            

                                270-442-2310
                            

                                The telephone number associated with mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address telephone number''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Fax Number
                            

                                270-442-2953
                            

                                The fax number associated with the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address fax number''.
                            



                                Provider First Line Business Practice Location Address
                            

                                2136 BROADWAY ST
                            

                                The first line location address of the provider being identified. For providers with more than one physical location, this is the primary location. This address cannot include a Post Office box.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address City Name
                            

                                PADUCAH
                            

                                The city name in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address State Name
                            

                                KY
                            

                                The State or Province name in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Postal Code
                            

                                42001-7110
                            

                                The postal ZIP or zone code in the location address of the provider being identified. NOTE: ZIP code plus 4-digit extension, if available.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Country Code
                            

                                US
                            

                                The country code in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Telephone Number
                            

                                270-442-2310
                            

                                The telephone number associated with the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Fax Number
                            

                                270-442-2953
                            

                                The fax number associated with the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Enumeration Date
                            

                                12/04/2006
                            

                                The date the provider was assigned a unique identifier (assigned an NPI).
                            



                                Last Update Date
                            

                                07/08/2007
                            

                                The date that a record was last updated or changed.
                            



                                Provider Gender Code
                            

                                M
                            

                                The code designating the provider's gender if the provider is a person.
                            



                                Provider Gender
                            

                                Male
                            

                                The provider's gender if the provider is a person.
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy Code #1
                            

                                1223G0001X
                            

                                The Health Care Provider Taxonomy code is a unique alphanumeric code, ten characters in length. The code set is structured into three distinct "Levels" including Provider Type, Classification, and Area of Specialization.
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy 1
                            

                                General Practice
                            

                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy #1
                            



                                Provider License Number 1
                            

                                2929
                            

                                Certain taxonomy selections will require you to enter your license number and the state where the license was issued. Select Foreign Country in the state drop down box if the license was issued outside of United States. The License Number field allows the following special characters: ampersand, apostrophe, colon, comma, forward slash, hyphen, left and right parentheses, period, pound sign, quotation mark, and semi-colon. A field cannot contain all special characters. DO NOT report the Social Security Number (SSN), IRS Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN) in this section.
                            



                                Provider License Number State Code 1
                            

                                KY
                            

                                Provider License Number State Code #1
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Primary Taxonomy Switch 1
                            

                                Y
                            

                                Primary Taxonomy:

X - The primary taxonomy switch is Not Answered;
Y - The taxonomy is the primary taxonomy (there can be only one per NPI record);
N - The taxonomy is not the primary taxonomy.





                                Other Provider Identifier 1
                            

                                60029295
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier #1
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier Type 1
                            

                                MEDICAID
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier Type #1
                            



                                Other Provider Identifier State 1
                            

                                KY
                            

                                Other Provider Identifier State #1
                            




Driving Directions to " DR. JOHN DAVID CRAFT  D.M.D." Practice Location

            These directions are for planning purposes only. You may find that construction projects, traffic, 
            or other events may cause road conditions to differ from the map results.
        


Yours Location (Starting point)
Practice Location (Destination)




























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Heritage Crafts - Product Catalogue featuring all our counted cross stitch kits and other products












































Here you will find our entire range of counted cross stitch kits and charts pictured. Simply click on a range or product below, or you can pick from the listings to the left.

We also offer a selection of cross stitch and needlework accessories, along with Zweigart fabrics and Premax Scissors which we distribute in the UK.

You can purchase our cross stitch kits and charts directly from our product catalogue, or to find the location of your nearest Heritage Crafts stockist, please click here. Many of our older designs which are no longer available as kits can be found in our chart shop. We also offer cross stitch greeting cards, which you can find here.



























Items in basket : 

Basket total : 






Free worldwide shipping on orders Ł25 and over.

Ł2 shipping charge for ordersless than Ł25.





























    













John Clayton
  Circles
  Connections
  Dancers
  Elegance
  Elegance Miniatures
  Flights of Fancy
  Flower Panels
  Internationals
  Miniatures
  Power & Grace
  Royal Collection
  The Collection
  Sporting Scenes
  Watercolours
Peter Underhill
  Cats Rule!
  Crazy Cat Lady
  It's a Dog's Life
  Little Darlings
  Tiddles
  Peter Underhill Collection
Valerie Pfeiffer
  Solos
  Duets
  Trios
  Harmonies
  Chickadees
  Posies
Karen Carter
  Birds of a Feather
  By The Sea
  Catz & Co.
  Painted Harbours
  The Karen Carter Collection
  Woodland Creatures
Thomas Beutel
The Sue Hill Collection
Malcolm Greensmith
John Stubbs Editions
  Cats
  Dogs
  Wildlife
Leslie Stones
  Memories
Animal Portraits

Little Friends
Little Friends Coaster Kits
Christmas Coaster Kits
MiniKits
Classics
  Air Transport
  Land Transport
  Sea Transport
  Narrow Boats
Maps
  Traditional English Counties
  Scottish Regions
  Traditional Welsh Counties
  Special Interest
  World Stitches

Juniors
Juniors+
Silhouettes
Simply Heritage

Warwick Higgs
Nostalgia
















Handeze Support Gloves
Premax Scissors
  Classic Collection
  Contempory Collection
  Flower Collection
  Non-Stick
Scissor City Scissors
Squissors
Zweigart Fabric













  
Follow us on Facebook for news of our very latest designs!
  




















































































 
 
 






































Weston Winter Framed Photo Signed by John David Geery






















































 



















Welcome visitor you can
 login or register 









Welcome visitor you can
 login or register 






 0 items  $0.00 


No products in the cart.





























 0 items  $0.00 


No products in the cart.
















 
















 




 



Weston Winter Framed Photo Signed by John David Geery
Weston Winter Framed Photo Signed by John David Geery

$32.00











Add to cart	 		





Add to wishlist



Product added!

Add to wishlist 


The product is already in the wishlist!

Add to wishlist 




Compare
Categories: Shop Now, Arts & Crafts
Tags: framed, john david geery, photo, signed, weston winter, Weston Winter Framed Photo Signed by John David Geery.




 






Description


Additional information


Reviews (0)




Weston Winter Framed Photo Signed by John David Geery in good condition. It measures 16.5″ high x 18.5″ x 1″.





Weight
8 lbs


Dimensions
20 x 18 x 8 in


Item Type
Framed Photo



Brand
John David Geery



Collection
Signed Originals








Reviews
There are no reviews yet.




Be the first to review “Weston Winter Framed Photo Signed by John David Geery” Cancel reply 

Your Rating

Rate…
Perfect
Good
Average
Not that bad
Very Poor

Your ReviewName * 
Email * 
 

 




 




You may also like…











 







Add to wishlist



Product added!

Add to wishlist 


The product is already in the wishlist!

Add to wishlist 

















Horse Drawn River Ferry Framed Drawing Print



$45.00

Read more




 






 







Add to wishlist



Product added!

Add to wishlist 


The product is already in the wishlist!

Add to wishlist 

















Settlers Carrying Water Framed Drawing Print



$45.00

Add to cart




 

 






Related Products











 







Add to wishlist



Product added!

Add to wishlist 


The product is already in the wishlist!

Add to wishlist 

















Fiesta Pottery Lunch Plate Original Turquoise Glaze



$25.00

Read more




 






 







Add to wishlist



Product added!

Add to wishlist 


The product is already in the wishlist!

Add to wishlist 

















Fiesta Ivory Old Rim Soup Bowl



$31.99

Add to cart




 





Out of stock

 







Add to wishlist



Product added!

Add to wishlist 


The product is already in the wishlist!

Add to wishlist 

















Fiesta Cobalt Blue Old Salt and Pepper Set



$22.39 $17.39

Read more




 






 







Add to wishlist



Product added!

Add to wishlist 


The product is already in the wishlist!

Add to wishlist 

















Fiesta Turquoise Old Footed Cup



$7.19

Add to cart




 

 






















 







































































John David Craft in Albion, MI
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for John David Craft, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



John David Craft

John David Craft exports to John David Craft through the port of Los Angeles, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of John David Craft and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 LULULEMON USA INC
 NINTENDO OF AMERICA INC.
 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS CENTER
 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 TOSHIBA ELECTROMEX.S.A. DE C.V.    
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for John David Craft
John David Craft exports to John David Craft through the port of Los Angeles, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



JOHN DAVID CRAFT
C/O:ASIAN TIGERS K.C. DAT          CHINA LTD


JOHN DAVID CRAFT
13116 DEVEREAUX ROAD,ALBION,       MI 49224,USA



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



PALMER M & S C/O WF WHELAN
6850 MIDDLEBELT RD,ROMULUS,        MI 48174



JOHN DAVID CRAFT
JOHN DAVID CRAFT





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



MSCUSC862279


MSCU6777442
MSCU6777442


Product Description




USED PERSONAL EFFECTS 

USED PERSONAL EFFECTS 










Bill of LadingZENCSHDETMS05113Arrival Date2008-09-14Weight (LB)6,415Weight (KG)2,916UnitsCMQuantity223 PKGContainer Count1CBM28Voyage No.0812Port of LoadingSHANGHAIPort of DischargeLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIAVessel NameCOLUMBINE MAERSKCarrier CodeZENCCountry Of OriginChinaPlace Of ReceiptSHANGHAI,CHINA 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for John David Craft. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when John David Craft has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact John David Craft







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








John David Craft
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Noelan Brewington Janssen                                



                                    Han Minh Machine Inc                                



                                    Subsea 7 (uk Service Company) Ltd                                



                                    Longway Medical Instrument                                



                                    Vero Coffee Co Limited                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3213
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X

























Craft John David - Compass Minerals International Inc Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsCraft John DavidCompass Minerals International Inc (CMP)Interim CFO Not RankedCraft John David's PerformanceCraft John David has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Compass Minerals International Inc (CMP)$3KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesCompass Minerals International Inc (CMP): Interim CFOSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Craft John David's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateCMPCompass Minerals International IncInterim CFO$3,184Uninformative Buy(undisclosed)Nov 14, 2016Craft John David has not reported any informative transactions for CMP, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Nov 14, 2016 Uninformative Buy (undisclosed) 46 $75.095 N/A See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























