




 





About Us: Corporate Leadership - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout
































Corporate Leadership











Board of Directors


Roger W. Crandall
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company,
Springfield, Massachusetts
Board Committees: Corporate Governance, Executive (Chair) and Investment 


Karen Bechtel
Managing Director, The Carlyle Group, New York, New York
Board Committees: Audit and Investment


Mark T. Bertolini  
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Aetna Inc., Hartford, Connecticut
Board Committees: Corporate Governance, Executive and Human Resources (Chair)


Kathleen A. Corbet
Lead Director 
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company,
Springfield, Massachusetts 
Founder and Principal
Cross Ridge Capital, LLC, New Canaan, Connecticut 
Former President 
Standard & Poor’s, New York, New York
Board Committees: Audit, Executive and Investment 


James H. DeGraffenreidt, Jr. 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Retired
WGL Holdings, Inc., Washington, D.C.
Board Committees: Corporate Governance and
Human Resources


Robert A. Essner 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Retired
Wyeth, Madison, New Jersey
Board Committees: Corporate Governance and Human Resources



Isabella D. Goren
Former Chief Financial Officer
American Airlines, Inc. and AMR Corporation, Fort Worth, Texas
Board Committees: Audit and Investment


Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, Boston, Massachusetts
Board Committees: Audit and Investment


Marc F. Racicot 
Former Governor of Montana 
Former President 
American Insurance Association, Washington, D.C.
Board Committees: Corporate Governance (Chair), Executive and Human Resources


Laura J. Sen
Non-Executive Chairman and Former Chief Executive Officer
BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc., Westborough, Massachusetts
Board Committees: Audit and Human Resources


William T. Spitz 
Principal, Co-Founder and Director
Diversified Trust Company, Nashville, Tennessee 
Vice Chancellor for Investments Emeritus 
Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee
Board Committee: Corporate Governance, Executive and Investment (Chair)


H. Todd Stitzer 
Former Chief Executive Officer
Cadbury PLC, London, United Kingdom
Board Committees: Audit (Chair), Executive and Investment 

            




RELATED INFORMATION


Corporate Governance Guidelines (PDF)


Compensation Disclosure Statement (PDF)







Executive Leadership


Roger Crandall
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Susan Cicco
Chief Human Resources & Communications Officer 

Timothy Corbett
Chief Investment Officer

Michael Fanning
Head of MassMutual U.S.

Pia Flanagan
Corporate Secretary and Chief of Staff

Brad Hoffman*
Chief Risk Officer

Michael O’Connor
General Counsel

Mark Roellig
Chief Technology and Administrative Officer

Gareth Ross
Chief Digital and Customer Experience Officer

Elizabeth Ward
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Actuary 


Subsidiary Leadership
Eddie Ahmed
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, MassMutual International 

Tom Finke
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Barings LLC

Art Steinmetz
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, OppenheimerFunds
  
*interim
            


 






                    Our leadership believes doing business the right way will help us continue to serve our customers far into the future.
                
Learn More about Governance & Ethics








Connected for Life
 
 
2016 Annual and Corporate Responsibility Report2016 Annual and Corporate Responsibility Report








Close


























Roger W. Crandall | Business Roundtable
 













































Skip to main content







Contact

General Inquiries202.872.1260info@brt.org
Mailing Address300 New Jersey Avenue, NWSuite 800Washington, D.C. 20001
Media ContactRayna ValentiDirector, Communicationsrvalenti@brt.org
 


Membership ContactLeAnne Redick WilsonSenior Vice President​lwilson@brt.org



All Staff

 



    


What is Business Roundtable

Business Roundtable (BRT) is an association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies working to promote sound public policy and a thriving U.S. economy.



Learn More About BRT

 







Contact
Growth Agenda
 


About
Issues & Committees
Resources
Media
Blog
 






            Search          








Sort by 
RelevanceDate created (indexed)




Order 
AscDesc



 


 
 


More Than Leaders. Leadership.



Business Roundtable is an association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies working to promote a thriving economy and expanded opportunity for all Americans through sound public policy. 
About BRT







AboutBoard of Directors
Committees
History of BRT
Members
Staff
Contact Us

 
 




banner-about-section.jpg

 






Roger W. Crandall





 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 MassMutual Financial Group  

 
 
Tweet 












Roger W. Crandall is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual), headquartered in Springfield, Mass.
 

During Mr. Crandall’s tenure as CEO, MassMutual has grown to serve more than five million customers, reached a record $639 billion in assets under management and strengthened its industry-leading position as a financially-strong mutual company run for the benefit of its policyowners and customers. MassMutual provides holistic financial solutions through a broad range of businesses, which include its domestic insurance and retirement businesses, asset management subsidiaries (including OppenheimerFunds, Babson Capital Management LLC, Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers LLC, Baring Asset Management Limited), and MassMutual International, which has insurance operations in China, Japan, and Taiwan. MassMutual is a top 100 company on the FORTUNE 500 and a FORTUNE World’s Most Admired Company.
 

Mr. Crandall first joined MassMutual in 1988 as a real estate investment trainee and spent the first 12 years of his career in the company’s Investment Management Department. In 2000, he joined Babson Capital, where he gradually assumed broader management responsibilities in such areas as public and private bonds, bank loans, and private equity investments. In 2005, Mr. Crandall was appointed Chairman of Babson Capital and MassMutual’s Chief Investment Officer, and in 2007 he added the role of Co-Chief Operating Officer. He was named MassMutual’s President and joined the company’s Board of Directors in 2008, and was named CEO in 2010.
 

In addition to his role at MassMutual, Mr. Crandall takes an active leadership role in industry, civic and economic development organizations. He is Chairman of the Board of Directors of the American Council of Life Insurers, and a member of the Smithsonian National Board. Mr. Crandall also serves on the Wharton Board of Leadership Advisors, the Business Roundtable, the Massachusetts Competitive Partnership, the Massachusetts Governor’s Council of Economic Advisors, and the Corporate Advisory Board for The Boston Club, which promotes the advancement of women to leadership positions. Mr. Crandall, a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), is a graduate of the University of Vermont with a bachelor’s degree in Economics. He earned his MBA with honors from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania.



 
 


 







  


 


Download PDF 
 









Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
RSS
 


Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Medium
 
 

 




















 






Issues & Committees | Business Roundtable
 













































Skip to main content







Contact

General Inquiries202.872.1260info@brt.org
Mailing Address300 New Jersey Avenue, NWSuite 800Washington, D.C. 20001
Media ContactRayna ValentiDirector, Communicationsrvalenti@brt.org
 


Membership ContactLeAnne Redick WilsonSenior Vice President​lwilson@brt.org



All Staff

 



    


What is Business Roundtable

Business Roundtable (BRT) is an association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies working to promote sound public policy and a thriving U.S. economy.



Learn More About BRT

 







Contact
Growth Agenda
 


About
Issues & Committees
Resources
Media
Blog
 






            Search          








Sort by 
RelevanceDate created (indexed)




Order 
AscDesc



 


 
 


More Than Leaders. Leadership.



Business Roundtable is an association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies working to promote a thriving economy and expanded opportunity for all Americans through sound public policy. 
About BRT







Issues & CommitteesCorporate GovernanceRecent Activities
The Committee

Education & WorkforceRecent Activities
The Committee

Energy & EnvironmentRecent Activities
The Committee

Health & RetirementRecent Activities
The Committee

ImmigrationRecent Activities
The Committee

InfrastructureRecent Activities
The Committee

International EngagementRecent Activities
The Committee

Smart RegulationRecent Activities
The Committee

Tax & Fiscal PolicyRecent Activities
The Committee

Technology, Internet & InnovationRecent Activities
The Committee

Committee SharePoint Site

 
 






Issues & Committees

Tweet 



Business Roundtable CEOs are focused on ten key policy issues at the intersection of the economy and business. CEOs bring thought leadership to bear on these issues in order to help spur a strong business climate, economic growth, and job creation. 

 





 





 Corporate Governance


As business leaders representing every sector of the economy, Business Roundtable members uphold the highest standards of ethics, integrity and sound governance. Our CEO members represent the very best in responsible corporate citizenship, supporting jobs and long-term economic opportunity in communities across the United States.


Recent Activities Committee & Policy Priorities





 Education & Workforce


As business leaders representing every sector of the economy, Business Roundtable members know that the American economy thrives when U.S. workers have the levels of education and training needed to succeed...


Recent Activities Committee & Policy Priorities





 Energy & Environment


Access to reliable, affordable energy undergirds U.S. national and economic security, and a clean, healthy environment is essential for economic prosperity now and for future generations. Business Roundtable supports policies that capitalize...


Recent Activities Committee & Policy Priorities





 Health & Retirement


As business leaders representing every sector of the economy and providing health care and retirement benefits to tens of millions of Americans and their families, Business Roundtable members are committed to improving the...


Recent Activities Committee & Policy Priorities





 Immigration


As business leaders representing every sector of the economy, Business Roundtable members understand the importance of fixing America’s broken immigration system. Immigration reform, done right, will help keep...


Recent Activities Committee & Policy Priorities





 Infrastructure


As business leaders who represent every sector of the economy and rely on the nation’s infrastructure to compete globally, Business Roundtable members are committed to modernizing the system to generate jobs and spur investment.


Recent Activities Committee & Policy Priorities





 International Engagement


The U.S. needs to move forward forcefully with a pro-growth economic agenda that includes a range of domestic initiatives and a proactive and constructive U.S. trade agenda.


Recent Activities Committee & Policy Priorities





 Smart Regulation


A smarter regulatory system and a modernized federal permitting process will help drive increased business investment, economic growth and job creation.


Recent Activities Committee & Policy Priorities





 Tax & Fiscal Policy


Business Roundtable supports tax and budget policies that promote U.S. business investment and competitiveness. Specifically, the Committee focuses on reform of U.S. domestic and international tax rules and advocates for...


Recent Activities Committee & Policy Priorities





 Technology, Internet & Innovation


As business leaders representing every sector of the economy, Business Roundtable members understand the value of information technology as platforms for expansive economic growth and opportunity. We are committed to...


Recent Activities Committee & Policy Priorities




 
 












Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
RSS
 


Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Medium
 
 
 












 









 






Resources | Business Roundtable
 

















































Skip to main content







Contact

General Inquiries202.872.1260info@brt.org
Mailing Address300 New Jersey Avenue, NWSuite 800Washington, D.C. 20001
Media ContactRayna ValentiDirector, Communicationsrvalenti@brt.org
 


Membership ContactLeAnne Redick WilsonSenior Vice President​lwilson@brt.org



All Staff

 



    


What is Business Roundtable

Business Roundtable (BRT) is an association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies working to promote sound public policy and a thriving U.S. economy.



Learn More About BRT

 







Contact
Growth Agenda
 


About
Issues & Committees
Resources
Media
Blog
 






            Search          








Sort by 
RelevanceDate created (indexed)




Order 
AscDesc



 


 
 


More Than Leaders. Leadership.



Business Roundtable is an association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies working to promote a thriving economy and expanded opportunity for all Americans through sound public policy. 
About BRT







ResourcesCEO Economic Survey
Reports
Letters
State Data
Testimony

 
 






Resources

Tweet 



In working with policymakers to help promote economic and job growth in the U.S., Business Roundtable helps to inform federal policy through research, testimony and correspondence with lawmakers. This section includes a variety of resources that illustrate such activity.

 





Featured Research & Reports






 Work in Progress 
 Closing the skills gap is a work in progress, but business leaders are moving forward on several fronts to tackle this challenge. Business Roundtable has highlighted some of the ways that America’s  

 Back in Business 
 A Blueprint for Renewing America's Infrastructure
  

 Why Reading Matters and What to Do About It 
 U.S. companies are experiencing a very real “skills gap”—one that will become even more acute as the economy continues to grow, strengthen and add jobs over the next 15 years.
  

 Corporate Governance 
 America's economy, workers and shareholders stand to benefit when U.S. public companies carry out the highest standards of governance. Business Roundtable promotes the best, modern governance practices that uphold the highest ethical standards and expand economic opportunity across the United States. These practices are detailed in the Roundtable flagship publication, Principles of Corporate Governance.
  

 Powering Forward: North America’s Energy Resurgence 
 Technology breakthroughs – pioneered in the United States – have unlocked North American oil and natural gas resources that were inaccessible just a generation ago.
  

 Road to Growth 
 Transportation infrastructure is the backbone of a modern, competitive and productive economy. Stretched beyond capacity by the demands of today’s global economy and a growing population, America’s transportation infrastructure provides an opportunity for policymakers to reinvest in a critical driver of our entire economy.
  

 Inventing The Future 
 Each year, Business Roundtable companies invest tens of billions of dollars in research and development on energy and environmental technologies.  

 The State of Immigration 
 Most Americans agree that the future of the U.S. economy depends on the ability of its businesses to compete globally. One of the key factors that allow U.S.  

 Driving Innovation In The Health Care Marketplace: A CEO Report 
 U.S. health care spending is the highest in the world, but we do not always receive the best quality in return.  

 More Intelligent, More Effective Cybersecurity Protection 
 To effectively address the risks presented by cybersecurity threats, BRT has developed a cross-sector approach that can mature and strengthen over time and that will also improve the nation’s ability to identify gaps and measure progress.
  

 
 


 

Explore Resources by- All Issues -Corporate GovernanceEducation & WorkforceEnergy & EnvironmentHealth & RetirementImmigrationInfrastructureInternational EngagementSmart RegulationTax & Fiscal PolicyTechnology, Internet & Innovationor- All Types -CEO SurveyLettersReportsState DataTestimony 






 Statement for the Record for Hearing on Corporate Governance July 18, 2017


America’s business leaders have long called for a smarter, more effective approach to financial regulation that focuses on limiting systemic economic risk while continuing to enable U.S. businesses to innovate and grow.





 Business Roundtable Statement on Tax Reform for Senate Finance Committee July 17, 2017


The nation’s tax system is in urgent need of reform to boost economic growth, global competitiveness for American companies, and bring about meaningful improvements in the incomes of American families through higher wages and more and better paying American jobs.





 Business Roundtable Comment Letter to FCC on Broadband Internet Access July 17, 2017


Business Roundtable supports a light-touch regulatory framework for broadband Internet access (“broadband”) service, as the FCC revisits its 2015 order to classify broadband service.





 Letter Supporting Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act June 20, 2017


H.R. 2842, the Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act, is a thoughtful approach for encouraging companies to hire recipients of Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF).





 Letter to President Trump & Congressional Leaders on the Once-in-a-Generation Opportunity on Tax Reform June 8, 2017


Now is the time to shift from listening to action.  We urge you to undertake this effort with the highest priority and move forward with pro-growth legislation that will put America on a path of accelerated economic growth with higher wages and greater employment opportunities for all Americans.





 2016 BRT Education and Workforce Survey June 7, 2017


BRT surveyed 177 member companies on workforce talent, including the extent to which they can hire employees with specific skills for key occupations.






 CEO Economic Outlook Survey Q2 2017 June 6, 2017


The Business Roundtable CEO Economic Outlook Index — a composite of CEO plans for capital spending and hiring and projections for sales over the next six months — reached its highest level in three years, since the second quarter of 2014 (95.4). The Index stood at 93.9 in the second quarter of 2017, up from 93.3 in the first quarter. For the second quarter in a row, the Index stands well above its historical average of 80.0.





 Letter to Secretary Mnuchin on Recent Tax Regulations of Concern May 25, 2017


The regulations effectively increase tax burdens, impede economic growth, and saddle American businesses with onerous fines, complicated forms, and frustration.






 Letter to the President on Modernizing and Strengthening the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) May 18, 2017


On behalf of Business Roundtable, I am writing to express our support for your Administration’s efforts to modernize and strengthen the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) as well as to share our priorities for the negotiations.





 Letter to Rep. Hurd Supporting the MGT Act May 17, 2017


We believe that the MGT Act promotes sound policies that advance public and private sector priorities. By investing in innovative technologies and strengthening federal cybersecurity, the federal government can ensure its delivery of enhanced essential services.






 Back in Business May 16, 2017


A Blueprint for Renewing America's Infrastructure





 Comments on EPA Regulations that May Be Appropriate for Repeal, Replacement or Modification May 15, 2017


Business Roundtable commends the Administration for its commitment to creating an investment climate conducive to economic growth and the accelerated creation of high-quality jobs.  EPA’s request for comments to inform the deliberations of its Regulatory Reform Task Force is one of a series of important actions by the Administration to implement its regulatory reform agenda.




Pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »

 
 












Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
RSS
 


Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Medium
 
 
 












 




Roger William Crandall CFA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 2:33 AM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Roger William Crandall CFAChairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance CompanyAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 6 Board Members in 6 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships52--
Background

		Mr. Roger William Crandall, CFA, has been the President of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company since December 1, 2008 and its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since January 1, 2010 and December 28, 2010 respectively. Mr. Crandall served as a Co-Chief Operating Officer of MassMutual since June 2007. In this role, he was accountable for Babson Capital and two other MassMutual subsidiaries – Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers LLC and Baring Asset Management Limited ... – as well as MassMutual’s Retirement Services, Retirement Income and Financial Products businesses. Mr. Crandall was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer in December 2008, at which point he joined the Board of Directors and was responsible for MassMutual's domestic insurance business - which includes the company's core product, whole life insurance - Enterprise Technology Organization and MassMutual International LLC. He served as Chief Operating Officer at Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co. from December 1, 2008 to January 1, 2010. He served as Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company from June 9, 2005 to December 2008. Mr. Crandall served as the Chief Investment Officer at Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co., Asset Management Arm. He served as Chief Operating Officer of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co from December 2008 to January 2010. He joined MassMutual in 1988 and spent the first 12 years of his career in Investment Management Department. Mr. Crandall is a Board Observer at Hauser Private Equity. Mr. Crandall serves as President at C.M. Life Insurance Company Inc. He serves as President at MML Bay State Life Insurance Company. He served as the President of Babson Capital Participation Investors since April 11, 2003 and served as its Vice President since 2002. He served as the President of Babson Capital Corporate Investors since 2003 and served as its Vice President since 2002. In 2000, Mr. Crandall joined Babson Capital Management LLC. He served as the Chief Executive Officer at Babson Capital Management LLC. In 2002, he was named Managing Director at Babson Capital and head of its Corporate Bond Management, Public Bond Trading and Institutional Fixed Income units. In this role, he was responsible for overseeing all corporate credit related investments, including public and private bonds, bank loans, European bank loans, mezzanine and private equity investments and structured credit products. In June 2005, Mr. Crandall was designated Chairman of Babson Capital. He serves as the Chairman at Jefferies Finance LLC. Mr. Crandall serves as the Chairman of Barings LLC. He served as Chairman of Babson Capital Corporate Investors from July 15, 2005 to January 2009. He served as Chairman of Babson Capital Participation Investors from July 15, 2005 to January 23, 2009. He focuses on insurance, private equity and corporate finance. He is a Board Member of The American Council of Life Insurers and the Wharton Board of Leadership Advisors. He serves as a Non Executive Director of Baring Asset Management Limited. He serves as a Director of Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers LLC. He served as Trustee of Babson Capital Participation Investors from July 15, 2005 to January 23, 2009. Mr. Crandall served as a Member of the Board of Managers at Babson Capital Management LLC. He served as a Trustee of Babson Capital Corporate Investors from July 15, 2005 to January 2009. Mr. Crandall serves on the Chief Executive Officer Roundtable and the Massachusetts Governor’s Council of Economic Advisors. Mr. Crandall holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. He holds an M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business and a B.A. degree in Economics from the University of Vermont.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1295 State StreetSpringfield, Massachusetts 01111United StatesPhone: 800-272-2216Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorBarings LLCDirectorBarings Real Estate Advisers LLCNon Executive DirectorBaring Asset Management LimitedChairmanJefferies Finance LLC2008-PresentChairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentMassachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company
Education
BA The University of VermontMBA University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School
Other Affiliations
Barings LLCC.M. Life Insurance Company Inc.The University of VermontUniversity of Pennsylvania - The Wharton SchoolMassachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co., Insurance InvestmentsBarings Real Estate Advisers LLCBarings Corporate InvestorsBaring Asset Management LimitedBarings Participation InvestorsJefferies Finance LLCMML Bay State Life Insurance CompanyHauser Private Equity


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Roger W Crandall - LittleSis















Roger W Crandall
President & CEO of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance




add relationship
edit
flag


Tweet





Edited by
System

about 1 year ago
History






Roger W. Crandall is President and Chief Executive Officer of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual), headquartered in...
Roger W. Crandall is President and Chief Executive Officer of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual), headquartered in Springfield, Mass. Prior to being named President and CEO on January 1, 2010, Mr. Crandall served as President and Chief Operating Officer.
Mr. Crandall first joined MassMutual in 1988, and spent the first 12 years of his career in the company’s Investment Management Department. In 2000, he joined Babson Capital Management LLC, a MassMutual subsidiary. In 2002, he was named Managing Director at Babson Capital and head of the company’s Corporate Bond Management, Public Bond Trading and Institutional Fixed Income units. In this role, he was responsible for overseeing all corporate credit related investments, including public and private bonds, bank loans, European bank loans, mezzanine and private equity investments, and structured credit products.
In June 2005, Mr. Crandall was appointed Chairman of Babson Capital and Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of MassMutual. He was appointed Co-Chief Operating Officer of MassMutual in June 2007. In this role he was accountable for Babson Capital and two other MassMutual subsidiaries – Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers LLC and Baring Asset Management Limited – as well as MassMutual’s Retirement Services, Retirement Income and Financial Products businesses. Mr. Crandall was named President and Chief Operating Officer in December 2008, at which point he joined the Board of Directors and also gained oversight of MassMutual’s domestic insurance business – which includes the company’s core product, whole life insurance – Enterprise Technology Organization and MassMutual International LLC.
Mr. Crandall, a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), is a graduate of the University of Vermont with a bachelor’s degree in Economics. He earned his MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
 more »
 « less



Relationships


Interlocks


Giving


Political


Data



Business Positions



Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company
A financial giant with $234 billion in assets


 • President & CEO 








Boston 2024
The organization advancing Boston's bid to host the 2024 Olympics and Paralympic games.


 • Vice Chair 






Other Positions & Memberships



Wall Street Journal CEO Council
120 of the world’s most powerful chief executives


 • Member 








University of Massachusetts System



 • member, presidential search committee 2015 ('15)






Donation/Grant Recipients
Showing 1-10 of 17 :: see all



Mitt Romney
Former Governor of Massachusetts


 • 3 contributions · $45,700 ('12)








Republican National Committee
The Grand Ol' Party


 • 1 contribution · $30,800 ('12)








National Republican Congressional Committee



 • 2 contributions · $23,700 ('12)








John Boehner
US Representative from Ohio


 • 1 contribution · $20,000 ('12)








Robert Menendez
US Senator and Representative from New Jersey


 • 2 contributions · $7,500 ('12)








Richard Edmund Neal
US Representative from Massachusetts


 • 4 contributions · $5,400 ('05→'12)








Scott P Brown
US Senator from Massachusetts


 • 2 contributions · $5,000 ('11→'12)








National Republican Senatorial Committee



 • 1 contribution · $3,700 ('12)








Bill Nelson
US Senator and Representative from Florida


 • 1 contribution · $2,500 ('12)








Christopher Murphy
US Senator and Representative from Connecticut


 • 1 contribution · $2,500 ('11)



















Basic info





Types
Person, Business Person


Gender
Male

Industries
Security brokers & investment companies, Life insurance, Transfer from intermediary ( type 24I or 24T)






Source LinksArticles documenting info on this page


Number of documents: 29
 :: see all 







« back


view more »






ListsAnalyst-created lists of people and org












A project of the Public Accountability Initiative.
More about LittleSis.
Read the disclaimer.









LEADERS Interview with Roger W. Crandall, President and Chief Executive Officer, MassMutual















ONLINE



Home
About

Editorial Policy
Editorial Calendar
Photo Specifications (PDF)


Current Issue
Past Issues
Advertising

Rates and Positions
Closing Dates
Digital Ads
Terms


Contact Us
Reprints (PDF)
BPA(PDF)

Loading













Roger W. Crandall


The MassMutual Advantage


An Interview with Roger W. Crandall, President and Chief Executive Officer, MassMutual


Editors' Note
Roger Crandall has been President and Chief Executive Officer of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual) since January 2010. He was elected Chairman of the Board, effective December 28, 2010. Prior to his appointment as CEO, Crandall served as President and Chief Operating Officer of MassMutual, beginning in December 2008, at which time he also joined the board of directors. From June 2005 to November 2008, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of MassMutual, and was also appointed Co-Chief Operating Officer of MassMutual in June 2007. Crandall joined MassMutual in 1988 and held several positions in the company’s Investment Management Department before joining Babson Capital Management LLC, a MassMutual subsidiary, where he ultimately served as Chairman. Crandall, a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), is a graduate of the University of Vermont with a bachelor’s degree in Economics. He earned his M.B.A. from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania.
Company Brief
 Founded in 1851, MassMutual (www.massmutual.com) is a leading mutual life insurance company that is run for the benefit of its members and participating policyholders. The company has a long history of financial strength and strong performance, and although dividends are not guaranteed, MassMutual has paid dividends to eligible participating policyholders every year since the 1860s. With whole life insurance as its foundation, MassMutual provides products to help meet the financial needs of clients, such as life insurance, disability income insurance, long-term care insurance, retirement/401(k) plan services, and annuities. In addition, the company’s strong and growing network of financial professionals helps clients make good financial decisions for the long term.
Were you surprised at both the speed and severity of the economic crisis, and can you talk about the effect on the industry?
The breadth and severity of it surprised me along with many others, and it has highlighted how interconnected the major financial institutions in the world were. It spread much more quickly than I, or some policymakers at the time, would have thought. Yet I’m pleased to see that the life insurance industry came through this crisis remarkably well. 


MassMutual headquarters in Springfield, Massachusetts

That said, there was a real difference in how companies performed. At MassMutual, one of the great advantages in being a mutual company is that we can focus on long-term fundamental financial strength. That enabled us to not only come through the crisis strongly, but to actually grow throughout this period.
How important is the differentiation in this space, and can you highlight what makes MassMutual unique?
As a mutual company, we operate for the benefit of our policyholders. The clarity of mission has long been a significant differentiator for us.
Up until the crisis, it had been a long time since many people had seen so many well-known financial institutions get into serious difficulty. We have the ability to show people that we don’t have to balance return for shareholders with the best interests of our policyholders; we can focus on that one constituency – the policyholder. The mutual structure really started to make sense to people and we’ve clearly benefitted from that newfound perspective. This is demonstrated in the growth of our core product, which is participating whole life insurance. According to LIMRA’s research, we’ve grown sales at 26 percent over the past three years while the overall industry has grown 3 percent, so we’ve been able to take significant market share in that product.
Is your product offering going to remain relatively consistent, or do you foresee opportunities to broaden into new product categories?
It’s not as much about totally new products as making sure customers and potential policyholders understand what our broad range of products and services can be used for.
Fundamentally, we protect against unexpected events. Some of those are mortality events, but we also protect against longevity risk – which can include outliving your assets – or the risk of being disabled and unable to work. Our protection products can help clients solve those problems. I’m not sure you need a new product as much as you need to be able to show clients how your products can work for them.
We will continue to have some product changes. But much of our work is making sure our financial professionals understand their clients’ needs and show them how the products we have can meet those needs.
Will the growth you talk about be primarily organic or do you foresee additional growth opportunities either through acquisition or other areas?
For us, it’s most likely to be organic. Where we’ve made acquisitions in the past, it tends to be as strategic investments outside of our core domestic life insurance business.
One of the challenges with acquiring a life insurance company are the questions around an installed base of business, the capacity to produce new products going forward, or the distribution you might get. However, it can sometimes be very difficult to look at an existing block of business and get comfortable with the underwriting that led to its creation, simply because you did not underwrite it. Over the long term, we believe it makes more sense to underwrite our own business than buy blocks of existing business. 
We’re always going to look at opportunities to see if they make sense, but generally, we like organic growth a lot.
How is technology impacting the personal relationship between your agents and their clients?
Despite the explosion of technology and all the ways people can now get information, when they’re making significant decisions that affect their financial future, they still want to work with an expert to help them make good decisions. So we need to make sure our agents have the tools they need to interact with clients in whatever way our clients want to interact with them. We’ve already made numerous technology and process enhancements that have improved efficiency and reduced cycle times, and we continue to look at emerging technology to help make it easier for our agents to best serve our policyholders.
For MassMutual, is the growth strictly U.S.-focused or do you foresee opportunities internationally?
In addition to our core life insurance business, we have a series of other businesses that we view as strategic business investments, and we run those businesses for the benefit of our participating policyholders.
How did MassMutual end up owning Baring Asset Management, which is a global asset management business with close to 90 percent of its assets under management being non-U.S. and the bulk of them being invested outside the U.S.? We made a decision to take some of the capital and surplus of the company that had been built up from our policyholders paying premiums over the years and invest that in an operating business instead of buying bonds or stocks for our investment portfolio.
Our strategic business investments also include international protection businesses, and those businesses are having a strong year. Asia has come through this cycle well and is leading global economic growth at this point. We’ve had record sales of single premium fixed annuities in Japan this year, for example. We also have a joint venture in China, which is off to a good start.
While these are important investments for our policyholders, it should be recognized that these companies sell fundamentally different products and they are domiciled and regulated under the insurance laws of the countries where they are located and do business. Life insurance and investments are local products. The rules and regulations around these products differ in every country, including different tax treatments, and different rules around capital and reserve levels.
From a leadership point of view, how critical is corporate responsibility today, and how do you drive it throughout the organization?
It’s very important. This company was founded in Springfield, Massachusetts in 1851, and we’re still headquartered here. It’s our largest base of employees anywhere in the world. Corporate responsibility is a core value at MassMutual and our employees and financial professionals recognize its importance.
We’re proud that throughout this economic cycle, we’ve maintained our high level of corporate giving. Last year, we donated approximately $7 million to a broad range of causes in this region and where our agents do business, including education, economic development, and arts and culture.
We also encourage our employees to volunteer locally as well as match our employees’ charitable gifts. That helps to ensure that a portion of our giving is allocated to their charitable priorities.
Additionally, we’ve been very focused on economic development in the Springfield area. In the early 1920s, we moved to a larger campus on State Street in Springfield, which is a central artery of the city. We’ve been working closely with stakeholders in the community and local, state, and federal government officials on the redevelopment of the State Street corridor. We view this as an important means to improve the economic climate in the city and quality of life for its residents. 
Education remains the primary focus for us, as we provide a large number of scholarships to local kids from the region as well as paid internships, which we feel is a key part of building a strong future workforce for our company.
Through our unique LifeBridge program, we’ve given away more than 11,000 life insurance policies with a $50,000 face value to income-eligible people. The death benefit from the policy is paid to a trust to be used to provide for the education of their children. It has been a wonderful way for our agents across the country to educate people about the value of life insurance and help those who can least afford it. By giving away life insurance, we educate people about the value of that product, and at the same time, we’ve been able to make a difference in some families’ lives where there has been a tragic early loss of a parent. 
Is there a good understanding for those future leaders about the opportunities for a career in the industry, and have you been happy with how you’ve attracted the talent to match the growth?
We’ve had record recruiting of agents over the past couple of years – we’ve grown our agency force from about 3,700 at the end of 2004 to more than 5,000 at the end of 2009.
But what we’ve been most pleased with is the quality of those people. This downturn has been an opportunity to get folks who might have worked in other parts of the financial services industry to consider the opportunity to be a MassMutual career agent.
The diversity of our agent force has also grown significantly – we’ve had much stronger recruitment of women and people of color in the past few years than at any other time in the company’s history.
Overall, we’ve been fortunate to attract and retain top-quality employees, whether it’s in Springfield or other operations around the country. Over the past few years, everybody has begun to understand more about the value of fundamental security.
What we try to do is make sure people have a work environment where they can do meaningful work and where they can get the opportunity to learn and advance their careers.
When you joined MassMutual in 1988, could you have imagined some 20 years later you would still be with the company?
No. I fully intended to work on Wall Street, but the market crashed in October of 1987 and there were no jobs on Wall Street. I planned to stay at MassMutual for a year or two before going back to New York City and working at an investment bank or a private equity firm.
I stayed because I got a chance to do interesting work, the people I worked with were great, and the Springfield region is a great place to raise a family. In hindsight, it was a great decision.
With regard to the CEO role, was it hard to give up some of that involvement and to step back with all the other responsibilities?
Every new CEO or president has to come to grip with the fact that their ability to directly influence daily activities is smaller than it has ever been – you have to do things through an organization and through a team.
So I try to walk that narrow line of diving into details with members of my team and recognizing that my job is to help set strategy and direction, as well as to be the team and company’s biggest advocate.
In terms of the recent announcement of your assuming the role of Chairman as well, how do you define that role and the close coordination with your board?
We have a lead director who is independent and brings everything you would think of an outsider bringing. What I bring to that process is making sure the board is informed – formally but more importantly informally – about all the things that are going on in the industry and how we’re positioned to respond.
You have what seems to be a very calm and even temperament. Do you just hide the stress well?
Leading an organization that focuses on the long term helps me keep a proper perspective on things. I’m also very fortunate that this is truly a great company with talented, dedicated employees. It also helps that our board and senior management team are all on the same page with respect to our strategy. We may disagree on how to execute that strategy from time to time, but we have good, collegial discussions that ultimately lead to better decisions.•


Click Here to Download a PDF of An Interview with Roger W. Crandall, President and Chief Executive Officer, MassMutual
See other features from LEADERS Magazine's October, November, December 2010 edition




 

  Roger W. Crandall – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company – Email Address


























































 
 

 


































Executive Email Address Directory

 





 






 

 










					Roger W. Crandall – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company – Email Address	

HomeExecutivesRoger W. Crandall – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company – Email Address 












Roger William Crandall, CFA, has been the President of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company since December 1, 2008 and has been its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since January 1, 2010 and December 28, 2010 respectively. He was named Co-Chief Operating Officer of MassMutual in June 2007. In this role, he was accountable for Babson Capital and two other MassMutual subsidiaries – Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers LLC and Baring Asset Management Limited – as well as MassMutual’s Retirement Services, Retirement Income and Financial Products businesses. Mr. Crandall was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer in December 2008, at which point he joined the Board of Directors and was responsible for MassMutual's domestic insurance business - which includes the company's core product, whole life insurance - Enterprise Technology Organization and MassMutual International LLC. He served as Chief Operating Officer at Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co. from December 1, 2008 to January 1, 2010. He served as Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company from June 9, 2005 to December 2008. Mr. Crandall served as the Chief Investment Officer at Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co., Asset Management Arm. He served as Chief Operating Officer of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co from December 2008 to January 2010. He joined MassMutual in 1988, and spent the first 12 years of his career in Investment Management Department. Mr. Crandall is a Board Observer at Hauser Private Equity. Mr. Crandall serves as President at C.M. Life Insurance Company Inc. He serves as President at MML Bay State Life Insurance Company. He served as the President of Babson Capital Participation Investors since April 11, 2003 and served as its Vice President since 2002. He served as the President of Babson Capital Corporate Investors since 2003 and served as its Vice President since 2002. In 2000, Mr. Crandall joined Babson Capital Management LLC. He served as the Chief Executive Officer at Babson Capital Management LLC. In 2002, he was named Managing Director at Babson Capital and head of its Corporate Bond Management, Public Bond Trading and Institutional Fixed Income units. In this role, he was responsible for overseeing all corporate credit related investments, including public and private bonds, bank loans, European bank loans, mezzanine and private equity investments, and structured credit products. In June 2005, Mr. Crandall was designated Chairman of Babson Capital. He serves as Chairman at Jefferies Finance LLC. Mr. Crandall serves as Chairman of Babson Capital Management LLC. He served as Chairman of Babson Capital Corporate Investors from July 15, 2005 to January 2009. He served as Chairman of Babson Capital Participation Investors from July 15, 2005 to January 23, 2009. He focuses on insurance, private equity, and corporate finance. He is a Board Member of The American Council of Life Insurers and the Wharton Board of Leadership Advisors. He serves as a Non Executive Director of Baring Asset Management Limited. He serves as a Director of Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers LLC. He served as Trustee of Babson Capital Participation Investors from July 15, 2005 to January 23, 2009. Mr. Crandall served as a Member of the Board of Managers at Babson Capital Management LLC. He served as a Trustee of Babson Capital Corporate Investors from July 15, 2005 to January 2009. Mr. Crandall serves on the Chief Executive Officer Roundtable and the Massachusetts Governor’s Council of Economic Advisors. Mr. Crandall holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. He holds an M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business and a B.A. degree in Economics from the University of Vermont.
 












 






Written by rowenadiciembre@gmail.com



View all posts by: rowenadiciembre@gmail.com



Related Posts505 Parkridge Blvd. Mr Ergen i have been a long long time customer., almost since – Charlie Ergen email addressHi Mr. Chuck Surack;<br><br> I am writing about my recent order  #15505828. I received – Chuck Surack email addressDear Mr Dell:<br>I am writing to request that your company develop its own operating system – Michael Dell email addressMay 3, 2017<br><br>Dear Mr. Polk:<br><br> I\'m writing on behalf of the Liberia Initiative For Community – Michael B Polk email address

Comments are closed.


Contact this CEO

CLICK THIS BANNER TO SEND YOUR MESSAGE TO THE CEO




CLICK THIS BANNER TO SEND YOUR MESSAGE TO THE CEO


Your message has been sent!


Name is required
Email is required
Message  is required




 FIND A CEO













































                    Exact matches only                







                    Search in title                







                    Search in content                











                    Search in posts                







                    Search in pages                





















Is a CEO Missing?Try doing a SEARCH (above) to be sure that they are not already on the site. 

If you still can't find them please drop us an email  










 



































 
































Diversity Leadership: Roger W. Crandall, MassMutual Financial Group




























































































Events
Webinars
Newsletter
Jobs
 



 


 





 







 



Toggle navigation




It's possible that the arteries of the penis are smaller than those of other parts of the body and may be more likely to reveal problems when their lining deteriorates. Basic intro from your pharmacy supporter: Benefit of cheapest viagra australia is a awesome addition for our customers where one can buy viagra online in australia cheap with traceable delivery to their home. Erectile dysfunction boosted the risk for hospitalization even more when men had a history of cardiovascular disease. Her forberedt vi nogle links til de bedste online apoteker, der tilbyder cialis til at sende til Danmark. Apotek nævnt på denne hjemmeside har en dokumenteret historie og er absolut pålidelig og levere den ægte piller fra den oprindelige producent. Så du kan trygt købe cialis online og være sikker på det vil blive leveret hjem - køb cialis i Danmark 

 


Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)


Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

 


 
 


Diversity Leadership: Roger W. Crandall, MassMutual Financial GroupRoger W. Crandall
President and CEO
MassMutual Financial Group
“As the face of America changes, it only makes sense that the face of MassMutual reflects that change as well – which is why diversity and inclusion is a key part of our business strategy today,” Crandall wrote in the company’s diversity and inclusion report. “At MassMutual, we see beyond the traditional definition of diversity. To us, diversity includes the broadest possible range of cultures, backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. Our goal is to welcome and include diversity and inclusion in all its forms – we believe it’s the right thing to do.”
Crandall chairs MassMutual’s diversity leadership council. Before becoming CEO, he was president and chief operating officer. Crandall joined MassMutual in 1988 and worked in the investment management department for more than a decade.
In 2002, he was named managing director at Babson Capital, a subsidiary of MassMutual. Crandall went on to be become co-chief operating officer of MassMutual, overseeing the company’s retirement and financial products as well as Babson Capital and two other subsidiaries: Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers LLC and Baring Asset Management Limited.
Crandall is a chartered financial analyst. He earned a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of Vermont and an MBA from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School. He serves on the board of the American Council of Life Insurers and is a member of the Business Roundtable, the Massachusetts Competitive Partnership and the Massachusetts Governor’s Council of Economic Advisors.
 




 




Sign Up

Your email will not be added to any promotional lists.




Please select the DiversityInc newsletters/alerts that you would like to receive.



News


Events


Web Seminars




DiversityInc Top 50


DiversityInc Magazine










 


 

 



MOST POPULAR

 Teacher Allegedly Called Black Students ‘Rats,’ School District to Take Action 
 Sammy Sosa’s Changing Looks are Skin Deep 
 ‘Go Back to Africa,’ Mayoral Candidate Tells Uhuru Movement Members 
 Walmart Apologizes After Their Website Describes Wig Cap as ‘N****r-Brown’ 
 Michael Vick’s Advice to Colin Kaepernick: Cut Your Afro 



 
Find A Job



Tech Jobs
Media Jobs
Finance Jobs




C Level Jobs
Design Jobs
Sales Jobs










What

eg. Web Designer


Where

eg. New York, NY or 90210












CAREER ADVICE

 How to Avoid the ‘Motherhood Penalty’ and Recoup Income 
 Changing Jobs Within Your Company Could be a Good Move 
 How to Apply Your New Mom Skills When You Go Back to Work 
 Tina Fey Shares Her Success as a Working Mom with David Letterman 



WEBINAR LIBRARY   Member-Only! 






 


How to Attract and Hire Diverse Executives 








 


How to Encourage White Men to Push for Change 








 


Accountability, Diversity Metrics in Scorecards and Dashboards 








 


Should Senior Leaders Address Racial Tensions in the U.S.? 








 


Rebooting Your Executive Diversity Council 








TRENDING

 Michael Vick’s Advice to Colin Kaepernick: Cut Your Afro 51 comments 
 Teacher Allegedly Called Black Students ‘Rats,’ School District to Take Action 34 comments 
 Sammy Sosa’s Changing Looks are Skin Deep 18 comments 
 ‘Go Back to Africa,’ Mayoral Candidate Tells Uhuru Movement Members 12 comments 
 Walmart Apologizes After Their Website Describes Wig Cap as ‘N****r-Brown’ 9 comments 







 
 


×
This post has been shared. Thank you!


Send To Up To 5 Email Recipients*

Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (5 recipients max.)



Your Name*



Your Email Address*









Send email
Cancel















 


Roger W Crandall - Orleans, IN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Roger W Crandall in Orleans, IN


Roger W Crandall

                                                                           Intelius found that Roger W Crandall  is  a male between 70 and 70 years old from Orleans, IN.  We have connected them to
                18 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Roger D Crandall


Get Report Now

Age

Roger W Crandall is in his 70s

Roger Has Lived In

Orleans, IN
Huntingburg, IN
Bloomington, IN

Roger's Relatives

Huber Crandall
Jo Crandall
Tyson Crandall







Roger W Crandall



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Staff at Indiana University



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Roger? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Roger, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Roger W Crandall
Get a Criminal Check on Roger W Crandall
Get a Public Record Report on Roger W Crandall
Get a People Search Report on Roger W Crandall


Roger W Crandall's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Roger W Crandall has lived as well as Roger W Crandall's phone numbers and email addresses.




Roger W Crandall Has Lived in 2 States
Indiana Address for Roger W Crandall


75 S O****** W** 

Orleans, IN


Has Lived In

Orleans, IN
Huntingburg, IN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Roger W Crandall

(812) ***-**** - Orleans, IN 
(812) ***-****
(812) ***-**** - Paoli, IN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Roger W Crandall

t*******0@***.com
r**********l@***.com
c*****l@***.edu


Get Email Report




Roger W Crandall's Professional Information
Information regarding Roger W Crandall's professional history.  Find out previous places Roger W Crandall has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Roger W Crandall Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Indiana University
               Title: Staff
Roger W Crandall's Experience
Title: Staff
               Company: Indiana University
Job Details
               Indiana University, founded in 1820, is a nine-campus university system in the state of Indiana. The IU system includes the following campuses: Indiana University in Bloomington (flagship campus), Indiana University East in Richmond,Indiana University Kokomo in Kokomo, Indiana University Northwest in Gary,Indiana University South Bend in South Bend, Indiana University Southeast in New Albany.
Additional Professional Information on Roger W Crandall

 See Roger W Crandall's LinkedIn Profile



Roger W Crandall's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Roger W Crandall


Roger W Crandall's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Roger W Crandall's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Roger Crandall
Username Matches

                  RogerCrandall
                  CrandallRoger
                  Roger.Crandall
                  Crandall.Roger
                  Roger_Crandall
                  Crandall_Roger
                  Roger-Crandall
                  Crandall-Roger
                  RCrandall
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Crandall







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Leaders April 2009 – An Interview with Roger W. Crandall, President and Chief Operating Officer, MassMutual Financial Group












ONLINE



Home
About

Editorial Policy
Editorial Calendar
Photo Specifications (PDF)


Current Issue
Past Issues
Advertising

Rates and Positions
Closing Dates
Digital Ads
Terms


Contact Us
Reprints (PDF)
BPA(PDF)

Loading









 


 
Roger W. Crandall


A Sense of Pride


An Interview with Roger W. Crandall,  President and Chief Operating Officer, MassMutual Financial Group


Editors’ Note
 Prior to assuming his current roles in December 2008, Roger Crandall served as Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer, and Co-Chief Operating Officer of MassMutual Life Insurance Company. After having joined the company in 1988, he was transferred from the Investment Management Department to Babson Capital Management in 2000. In 2002, he was named Managing Director and served as the head of the Corporate Bond Management, Public Bond Trading, and Institutional Fixed Income units. In June 2005, Crandall was appointed Chairman of Babson Capital Management and Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of MassMutual Financial Group. He was appointed Co-Chief Operating Officer of MassMutual in June 2007.Crandall holds a B.A. in economics from the University of Vermont, an M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business, and is a member of the CFA Institute.
Company Brief
 Founded in 1851, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual) is a mutually owned financial protection, accumulation, and income management company headquartered in Springfield, Massachusetts. MassMutual’s major affiliates include: OppenheimerFunds, Inc.; Babson Capital Management LLC; Baring Asset Management Limited; Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers LLC; The First Mercantile Trust Company; MML Investors Services, Inc., member FINRA and SIPC; and MassMutual International LLC and The MassMutual Trust Company, FSB. MassMutual Financial Group (www.massmutual.com) is a marketing name for Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and its affiliated companies and sales representatives.
Would you highlight the importance of corporate responsibility and community involvement to the culture of MassMutual?
Corporate responsibility and community involvement are part of the bedrock of our organization; they are vitally important to MassMutual. We believe that doing business the right way results in long-term prosperity that benefits all of our stakeholders. That fundamental belief drives MassMutual’s business strategy and our core operating principles and is ingrained in our corporate culture. Our employees have good reason to be proud of their association with MassMutual and our collective outreach to the community. This sense of pride is part of what helps us attract and retain the best and brightest talent.
As an example, MassMutual’s home office facilities and our nearly 90 general agencies across the country support numerous programs, from education and the arts to food banks and mentoring programs. MassMutual and its employees continually demonstrate our commitment to the community. In 2008 alone, the company awarded nearly $7 million in community grants, including more than $2.6 million in scholarships, and raised nearly $3 million for the United Way.
In today’s challenging economic times, how important has it been to continue your corporate responsibility programs?
It is important to balance our obligations to our stakeholders with our responsibility to the community. Need doesn’t go away in a down economy; it increases. Even in these challenging economic times, MassMutual is finding new and creative ways to help people. While many companies are cutting back, MassMutual is maintaining our level of commitment to the community with nearly $7 million in charitable giving in 2008. We are also intensifying our efforts to give away free life insurance to families in need across the country; the $50,000 per policy death benefit helps pay for a child’s education if his parent dies. The program is called LifeBridge and, since 2002, we’ve given away nearly a half billion dollars in free coverage; our goal is to give away a total of $1 billion in free life insurance coverage.
 
MassMutual Scholarship recipients standing on the steps of the company’s Springfield headquarters.

How do your corporate responsibility initiatives align with your business strategy?
Our strategic business objectives and corporate responsibility strategy are in full alignment with what is important to our policyholders, employees, and communities. At its core, MassMutual acts with integrity and has an abiding commitment to responsible, efficient operations. Responsible governance and privacy practices, philanthropy, and environmental stewardship are top of mind to our stakeholders. We work hard to ensure these and other issues are appropriately addressed through our policies and operational practices.
Here are just a few examples of this alignment: from scholarships and grants to mentoring and our Academic Achievers program, MassMutual fosters achievement, enhances literacy, and provides real-world experience to high school, college, and university students. We’re focused on developing, attracting, and retaining top talent.
MassMutual is also launching an increasing number of “green” programs; more and more, we’re investing in new technologies, using sustainable products and ensuring the utmost efficiency in mechanical operations. We continually educate employees about the importance of recycling, energy conservation, renewable power, and other corporate initiatives. By using fewer resources, we’re saving money – and just as important, we’re responding to stakeholders who want their business partners to be environmentally friendly.
How critical is the role of senior leadership in communicating your efforts and programs to employees?
The senior leadership at MassMutual is committed to our corporate responsibility program and works directly to enlist the broadest possible employee engagement. From a community involvement standpoint, our senior executives directly participate in many community-based organizations through board participation and hands-on involvement. In addition, MassMutual has a flexible and generous policy of allowing employees to provide community service during the workday, and we have installed a software system that matches employees with company- sponsored volunteer opportunities.
What do you see as the key priorities for MassMutual in regard to corporate responsibility in the coming years?
MassMutual’s commitment to the community and our corporate responsibility programs have been the foundation of our company since it was founded in 1851 and we look forward to staying the course. For more than 157 years, MassMutual has been a leader in our industry because we have stayed true to our core beliefs, long-term vision, and mutual structure. MassMutual has never wavered from our commitment to our policyholders and stakeholders. These principles and commitments will continue to guide our corporate and community responsibility strategy.



Click Here to Download a PDF of this article






