










 


    Lynda Cranston | BC Women's Hospital | ZoomInfo.com



Cranston Lynda Sarah - SEC Form 4 Insider Trading Screener - OpenInsider











OpenInsider

Latest

Latest Cluster Buys
Latest Insider Trading (all filings)
Latest Insider Purchases
Latest Insider Purchases $25k+
Latest Officer Purchases $25k+
Latest CEO/CFO Purchases $25k+
Latest Insider Sales
Latest Insider Sales $100k+
Latest Officer Sales $100k+
Latest CEO/CFO Sales $100k+


Top

Top Officer Purchases Today
Top Officer Purchases Past Week
Top Officer Purchases Past Month
Top Insider Purchases Today
Top Insider Purchases Past Week
Top Insider Purchases Past Month
Top Insider Sales Today
Top Insider Sales Past Week
Top Insider Sales Past Month


By Symbol

Officer Purchases $25k+ Today
Officer Purchases $25k+ Past Week
Officer Purchases $25k+ Past Month
Officer Sales $100k+ Today
Officer Sales $200k+ Past Week
Officer Sales $500k+ Past Month
Officer Sales $100k+ Today (no opt-ex)
Officer Sales $200k+ Past Week (no opt-ex)
Officer Sales $500k+ Past Month (no opt-ex)
Insider Purchases of Penny Stocks, Past Month
Insider Sales of Penny Stocks, Past Month


Charts

Contact











Cranston Lynda Sarah - SEC Form 4 Insider Trading ScreenerCIK: 1633660 - Address: Suite 720-999 West Broadway, Vancouver, A1 V5Z 1K5 




General

Tickers
Insider
Sh Price $



Lqdty M$






Date

Filing Date

All dates
Custom
Latest day
Last 3 days
Last 1 week
Last 2 weeks
Last 1 month
Last 2 months
Last 3 months
Last 6 months
Last 1 year
Last 2 years
Last 4 years



  



Trade Date

All dates
Custom
Latest day
Last 3 days
Last 1 week
Last 2 weeks
Last 1 month
Last 2 months
Last 3 months
Last 6 months
Last 1 year
Last 2 years
Last 4 years



  


Filing Delay



N Days Ago








Transaction Filing

 P - Purchase S - Sale A - Grant D - Sale to Iss G - Gift F - Tax M - Option Ex X - Option Ex C - Cnv Deriv W - Inherited

 No deriv


 Multiple Days

Traded K$



Own Chg %








Industry




All Sectors (except Funds)
Agriculture, Forestry, Fish
Mining
Construction
Manufacturing
Transportation & Utilities
Wholesale Trade
Retail Trade
Financial
Services
Closed-End Funds


























Insider Title

  Officer
    COB
    CEO
    Pres
    COO
    CFO
    GC
    VP
  Director
  10% Own
  Other






Group by


Filing
Company





Company Totals

Num Filings



Num Insiders



Num Officers



Traded K$



Own Chg %







Sort by

Filing Date
Trade Date
Ticker Symbol
Trade Value


Max Results
Page


clear


Real-time CSV, Options, Alerts








1 results -  -  -  -  -  -  - TCcnt1d1w1m6m 


X
Filing Date
Trade Date
Ticker
Insider NameInsider Title
Trade Type 
Share Price
Shares Traded
Shares Owned
Own chg
Value Traded
1d ret
1w ret
1m ret
6m ret



2017-06-28 11:31:492017-06-26 DMPICranston Lynda SarahDirP - Purchase$3.60+2,0832,344+798%+$7,499
Real-time CSV? Options? Alerts? Contact us!



AAmended filing
DDerivative transaction in filing (usually option exercise)
EError detected in filing
MMultiple transactions in filing; earliest reported transaction date and weighted average transaction price


S - SaleSale of securities on an exchange or to another personS - Sale+OESale of securities on an exchange or to another person (after option exercise)F - TaxPayment of exercise price or tax liability using portion of securities received from the companyP - PurchasePurchase of securities on an exchange or from another person 

Return to top
Copyright © 2017 openinsider.com. All rights reserved.






















Cranston Lynda Sarah - Insider Stock Trading - OpenInsider











Sector

All Sectors

Group by Sector


Aerospace
Agriculture
Automobile
Building
Business Services
Chemical
Electrical
Energy
Fashion
Financial
Food & Beverage
Fund
Healthcare
Household
Insurance
Machinery
Media
Metals
Mining
Other
Personal Services
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
Telecom
Transportation
Utility




Industry

All Industries

Group by Industry






Insiders
Filings


All
Purchases
Sales

CIK: 1633660 - Address: Suite 720-999 West Broadway, Vancouver, A1 V5Z 1K5 1 results 

						Links
						


SECYahooGoogleFinvizTradingViewStockChartsStockTwitsDownload CSV 













TC
Stat
Stk
Ins
Fil
+d
+w
+m
+q
+h
+y
avg







Filing Date
T Date
Ticker
IssuerInc Sector
IndIndustry
Owner
oSt
Rel
Title
T
TVal
Price
L
Qty
oc
Own
H
r2y
r1y
r6m
r3m
r6w
r3w
r7d
r3d
f1d
f1w
f1m
f3m
f6m
f1y



6/28/17 11:316/26/17DMPIDelmar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.NVHealthDrugPharmaceutical PreparationsCranston Lynda SarahA1DP73.60027982I



DDerivative transaction in filing (usually option exercise)
MMultiple transactions in filing; earliest reported transaction date and weighted average transaction price
AAmended filing
EError detected in filing



S - SaleSale of securities on an exchange or to another person

S - Sale+OESale of securities on an exchange or to another person (after option exercise)

F - TaxPayment of exercise price or tax liability using portion of securities received from the company

P - PurchasePurchase of securities on an exchange or from another person


Return to top
Contact
Copyright © 2017 OpenInsider.com. All rights reserved.








Insider trading history of Cranston Lynda Sarah    at Delmar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 



















Insider Monitor



Realtime

Insider Buys 

Insider buys today     
Insider buys 1 day ago
Insider buys 2 days ago
Insider buys 3 days ago
Insider buys 4 days ago
Insider buys 5 days ago
Insider buys 6 days ago
Insider buys 7 days ago
Insider buys 8 days ago
Insider buys 9 days ago
Insider buys 10 days ago



Insider Sales 

Insider sales today       
Insider sales 1 day ago
Insider sales 2 days ago
Insider sales 3 days ago
Insider sales 4 days ago
Insider sales 5 days ago
Insider sales 6 days ago
Insider sales 7 days ago



Top 10 

Top 10 insider buys of the week
Top 10 officer buys of the week
Top 10 insider buys of the month
Top 10 officer buys of the month
Top 10 insider sales of the week
Top 10 insider sales of the month









               
		







 Insider Stock Trading History of Cranston Lynda Sarah  








The following table details the trading activities 
(stock purchases, stock sales, and stock option exercises) 
reported to 
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 
by insider Cranston Lynda Sarah  since year 2005. 
The trader's CIK number is 1633660.
At the time of this reporting, Cranston Lynda Sarah  is the  of Delmar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. . 
(stock ticker symbol DMPI).
See this page for all insider trading activities at Delmar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. . 





Stock purchases, sales, and option exercises reported by insider Cranston Lynda Sarah  since 2005.
  

   Trade Date   
 Symbol 
 Company Name (Issuer) 
 Trade Type 
     Shares   
     Price ($)
   Value ($) 

 2017-06-26  DMPI  Delmar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   Buy  2,083  3.60  7,498 


Insider trading activities including stock purchases, stock sales, and option exercises
listed in the above table cannot be completely guaranteed as to their accuracy.
For more  information regarding the trades made by Cranston Lynda Sarah  
( of Delmar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  at the time of this reporting) see 

the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  website.


















 



















Newest Insider Buys 
Insider Trading Resources 
Archive  
Privacy  
Contact  
2016,2017 Market Holidays 
Market Hours 






Tweet



 ©2017, insider-monitor.com. All rights reserved. 
 
















Track insider buy and sell







 Cranston Lynda Sarah,  director of DMPI - 
       Past Performance as of 07/28/17. Total 1 
      Records. 
Link to Thomson Financial












Buy(P) /Sell(S)
P/S date
Filed Date
Company
Symbol
Insider
Relationship
Share Amt.
Unit Price
Total Proceeds
Shares Owned
Return(1m)
Details


P
2017-06-26
2017-06-28 11:32:41
DelMar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
DMPI
Cranston Lynda Sarah
 director
2,083
$3.60
$7,498.80
2,344
 
view


* Filed by insider as open market transaction, but marked as private transaction by insidercow's proprietary method





Lynda Sarah Cranston BScN, MScN, ICD.D: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:37 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of DelMar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Lynda Sarah Cranston BScN, MScN, ICD.DDirector, DelMar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 1 different industries.See Board Relationships69$39,000
Background

		Mrs. Lynda Sarah Cranston, BScN, MScN, ICD.D,  served as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) from April 2002 to June 2013. Mrs. Cranston has been a Director of Del Mar Pharmaceuticals Inc. since February 5, 2015. Mrs. Cranston has been Director of Michael Smith Foundation For Health Research since September 27, 2010. Mrs. Cranston was awarded the 2008 Board Chair Award of Excellence by the HealthCare Leaders' Association ... of BC. In 2007, she was inducted into Canada's Most Powerful Women Top 100™ Hall of Fame and has since been thrice named one of Canada's Most Powerful Women Top 100™. Mrs. Cranston is also a recipient of the YWCA Women of Distinction Award, the 125th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada Commemorative Medal for community contributions and the Queen's Golden Jubilee Medal for contribution to Canada and community. Mrs. Cranston received her BScN from the University of Ottawa and her MScN from the University of Western Ontario.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
999 West BroadwayVancouver, British Columbia V5Z 1K5CanadaPhone: 604-629-5989Fax: 604-608-5685
Board Members Memberships
DirectorMichael Smith Foundation For Health Research2015-PresentDirectorDelMar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Education
MS The University Of Western OntarioBS University Of Ottawa
Other Affiliations
The University Of Western OntarioUniversity Of OttawaMichael Smith Foundation For Health Research


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$39,000Total Calculated Compensation$39,000




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact DelMar Pharmaceuticals, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












 Ownership Submission 





FORM 4


Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16.  Form 4 or Form 5 obligations may continue.  See Instruction 1(b).




	UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
	Washington, D.C. 20549STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES
	Filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 30(h) of the Investment Company Act of 1940
	


OMB APPROVAL

OMB Number:
3235-0287


Estimated average burden hours per response...
0.5




(Print or Type Responses)



1. Name and Address of Reporting Person *
Cranston Lynda Sarah

 
	      2. Issuer Name and Ticker or Trading SymbolDelMar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. [DMP]
	      

5. Relationship of Reporting Person(s) to Issuer(Check all applicable)

__X__ Director
_____ 10% Owner


_____ Officer (give title below)
_____ Other (specify below)








(Last)
(First)
(Middle)
SUITE 720-999 WEST BROADWAY

3. Date of Earliest Transaction (Month/Day/Year)04/29/2016




(Street)

VANCOUVER, A1 V5Z 1K5

4. If Amendment, Date Original Filed(Month/Day/Year)


6. Individual or Joint/Group Filing(Check Applicable Line)
		  _X_ Form filed by One Reporting Person
		  ___ Form filed by More than One Reporting Person
		




(City)
(State)
(Zip)

Table I - Non-Derivative Securities Acquired, Disposed of, or Beneficially Owned




1.Title of Security(Instr. 3)
2. Transaction Date (Month/Day/Year)
2A. Deemed Execution Date, if any (Month/Day/Year)
3. Transaction Code(Instr. 8)
4. Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D)(Instr. 3, 4 and 5)
5. Amount of Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s)(Instr. 3 and 4)
6. Ownership Form: Direct (D) or Indirect (I)(Instr. 4)
7. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership(Instr. 4)


Code
V
Amount
(A) or (D)
Price






Reminder: Report on a separate line for each class of securities beneficially owned directly or indirectly.




Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB control number.
SEC 1474 (9-02)



Table II - Derivative Securities Acquired, Disposed of, or Beneficially Owned
    (e.g., puts, calls, warrants, options, convertible securities)

1. Title of Derivative Security(Instr. 3)
2. Conversion or Exercise Price of Derivative Security
3. Transaction Date (Month/Day/Year)
3A. Deemed Execution Date, if any (Month/Day/Year)
4. Transaction Code(Instr. 8)
5. Number of Derivative Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D)(Instr. 3, 4, and 5)
6. Date Exercisable and Expiration Date(Month/Day/Year)
7. Title and Amount of Underlying Securities(Instr. 3 and 4)
8. Price of Derivative Security(Instr. 5)
9. Number of Derivative Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s)(Instr. 4)
10. Ownership Form of Derivative Security: Direct (D) or Indirect (I)(Instr. 4)
11. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership(Instr. 4)


Code
V
(A)
(D)
Date Exercisable
Expiration Date
Title
Amount or Number of Shares



                Series B Preferred Stock
            

(1)

04/29/2016

   

P(2)


	    
 	 

                    1,250
                

	    
	 
04/29/2016

   
(3)


                    Common Stock
                

                    12,500
                

           $
                    8
                

                    1,250
                

                    D
                

	    
	 



Reporting Owners


Reporting Owner Name / Address
Relationships


 Director

 10% Owner

 Officer

 Other



Cranston Lynda SarahSUITE 720-999 WEST BROADWAYVANCOUVER, A1 V5Z 1K5
 
	
            X
          
 
	
 
	

	     
	  


Signatures



 /s/ Lynda Cranston

 
	05/02/2016


**Signature of Reporting Person

Date



Explanation of Responses:



*
If the form is filed by more than one reporting person, see Instruction 4(b)(v).


**
Intentional misstatements or omissions of facts constitute Federal Criminal Violations.  See 18 U.S.C. 1001 and 15 U.S.C. 78ff(a).


(1)
The Series B Preferred stock is convertible into such number of shares of common stock equal to the number of Preferred Shares to be converted, multiplied by the Stated Value of $8.00, divided by the Conversion Price in effect at the time of the conversion (the initial Conversion Price will be $0.80, subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, and similar transactions).


(2)
The Reporting Person purchased Series B Preferred Stock from the Company in a private placement on April 29, 2016 (the "Private Placement").


(3)
The Series B Preferred Stock will automatically convert to common stock at the earlier of (a) the Company's lead product candidate, VAL-083, receiving Food and Drug Administration or European Medicines Agency approval (provided that, at the time of such approval, the closing bid price of the common stock is at least $2.00 (subject to adjustment for stock splits or stock dividends) or (b) five years from the final closing of the Private Placement.




Note: File three copies of this Form, one of which must be manually signed.  If space is insufficient, see Instruction 6 for procedure.

Potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.












Lynda Sarah Cranston - DEL_DelMar Pharmaceuticals Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsLynda Sarah CranstonDEL_DelMar Pharmaceuticals (DEL_DMPI)Director Not RankedLynda Sarah Cranston's PerformanceLynda Sarah Cranston has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: DEL_DelMar Pharmaceuticals (DEL_DMPI)Transaction Type: Informative BuyDates: Jun 28, 2017 - TodayGain: +0.0%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Lynda Sarah Cranston's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateDEL_DMPIDEL_DelMar Pharmaceuticals--Uninformative Buy$227.2Jul 05, 2017Lynda Sarah Cranston has not reported any informative transactions for DEL_DMPI, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record Showing:All TransactionsInformative TransactionsDateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Jul 05, 2017 Uninformative Buy $227 71 (undisclosed) N/A  Jun 28, 2017 Informative Buy $7K 2,083 (undisclosed) N/A See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























