








Mary B. Cranston | The Chemours Company







 
   Close























OUR VISION
We’re committed to becoming a Higher Value Chemistry company.






VALUES
Chemistry powers our company, but values are what guide us. 




SUSTAINABILITY & SAFETY
The future requires safe, responsible, and sustainable chemistry.




LEADERSHIP
Meet the Chemours executive team and board of directors. 






TIMELINE
Our company has been making history for over 200 years.




GLOBAL REACH
Research, support, and production sites serve customers worldwide. 




The Future of Chemistry
Read how we fuel tomorrow’s world through our chemistry.








TITANIUM TECHNOLOGIES
Chemours is the world's largest producer of titanium dioxide.


Ti-Pure™ One Coat Systems
Coatings Applications
Ti-Pure™ Select TS-6300
Ti-Pure™ Select TS-6200
Ti-Pure™ R-902+ for Versatility
Ti-Pure™ R-706 for Flexibility

View more products >





FLUOROPRODUCTS
Chemours is a leading producer of fluoroproducts.


Opteon™ YF Mobile Refrigerant
Opteon™ Stationary Refrigerants
Teflon EcoElite™ for Fabrics
Teflon™ Brand Consumer Applications
Krytox™ Lubricants
Nafion™ membranes and dispersions
Viton™ Fluoroelastomers

View more products >





CHEMICAL SOLUTIONS
Chemours is a leader in safe, efficient industrial chemicals production.


Sodium Cyanide for Mining
Glypure™ Glycolic Acid
Vazo™ Chemical Initiators
Methylamine Chemical Intermediates
Aniline Industrial Chemicals
Glyclean™ for SemiConductors

View more products >








COOLER SOLUTIONS HIT THE ROAD
Opteon™ YF refrigerants give vehicle air conditioners an eco-friendly boost.






PURE WHITE, PURE PERFORMANCE
Ti-Pure™ pigments boost durability, energy efficiency, and economy.




THE LOGISTICS OF CYANIDE
Sodium cyanide improves the safety and reliability of gold production.




A PAINT FORMULA FOR HIDING POWER
Special Ti-Pure™ TiO2 formulas offer high pigmentation for one-coat painting.






INNOVATIONS THAT CHANGED THE WORLD
Teflon™ coatings inspire product improvements everywhere.




THE COLD CHAIN JOURNEY
Opteon™ XP mobile refrigerants lower the GWP of transit from farm to fork.




MAXIMIZING PERFORMANCE
Viton™ fluoroelastomers withstand harsh environments.









NYSE: cc



Price delayed 20 minutes




STOCK PERFORMANCE
Updated stock quote and chart, trading data, and historical price information.






INVESTOR NEWS
Updates, information, and business news for investors.




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Governance documents, committees, management, and board information.




FILINGS & REPORTS
SEC filings, Form 10, and other financial reports.






EVENTS & PRESENTATIONS
Upcoming and past events, and business presentations.




INVESTOR RESOURCES
Answers to frequently asked questions about investing in Chemours.










































Our Company


Our Vision


VALUES


The Future Of Chemistry


Sustainability & Safety


Timeline


GLOBAL REACH


LEADERSHIP


Businesses & Products


TITANIUM TECHNOLOGIES


FLUOROPRODUCTS


CHEMICAL SOLUTIONS


Application Development


Investor Relations


STOCK PERFORMANCE


FILINGS & REPORTS


INVESTOR NEWS


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


INVESTOR RESOURCES





Contact Us
News Media Center
Join Our Team
FAQs


























Mary B. Cranston
Director










Mary B. Cranston is a retired senior partner and chair emeritus of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman, LLC, an international law firm. Prior to her retirement in 2012, Ms. Cranston served as senior partner and chair emeritus from 2007 to 2011 and chair and chief executive officer from 1999 to 2006.
Ms. Cranston currently serves on the boards of Visa, Inc., and Juniper Networks, Inc., and has held both positions since 2007. 





























Mary B. Cranston






































Advertisement












Follow ABA














 






 |
        
myABA |
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
        
        

Log InLog Out




















  JOIN THE ABA
  JOIN THE ABA



  SHOP ABA
  SHOP ABA



  CALENDAR
  CALENDAR



  MEMBER DIRECTORY
  MEMBER DIRECTORY











Membership

Join or Renew
Join Specialty Groups
Dues & Eligibility
ABA Insurance
Member Benefits
ABA Member Discounts and Offers
FAQ



ABA Groups

ABA Leadership
Centers & Commissions
Committees
Departments & Offices
Divisions
Forums
Sections
View All Groups



Diversity

Diversity & Inclusion 360 Commission
Diversity & Inclusion Portal



Advocacy

ABA Policy
Governmental & Legislative Work
Amicus Curiae Briefs
Diversity Initiatives
Rule of Law Initiative
Commission on Hispanic Legal Rights & Responsibilities
Other ABA Initiatives



Resources for Lawyers

Legal Career Central
Ethics & Professionalism
Model Rules of Professional Conduct
Books & Related Products
Solo & Small Firm Resource Center
Legal Profession Statistics
ABA Blueprint
10 Questions LIVE
Cyber Alerts



Publishing

Books
Periodicals
ABA Journal
Discount Pricing for Libraries
Book Discounts for Bars
National Institute Course Materials



CLE

CLE Courses by Topic
Webinars
In-Person Events
On-Demand CLE
Mandatory CLE
CLE FAQs
Free CLE
ABA Essentials
Minding Your Business
ABA Value Pass



Insurance


News


Media Credentials
Contact Media Relations
Reporter Alerts
Media Credentials
Top Stories
News Releases
Multimedia




About Us

ABA Mission and Goals
ABA History and Timeline
Careers
ABA Departments
ABA Governance and Policies
Requests for Proposal
Financial Reports
Affiliated Organizations
ABA Charities
Donate
Contact the ABA
ABA Online
ABA Business Conduct Standards





















Home > Directories > Women Trailblazers Project Listing > Mary B. Cranston














		
		
		    	
		
		
	ABA Home
	
Women Trailblazers Project Listing


Mary B. Cranston


Mary B. Cranston - Photos



The Honorable Ruth I. Abrams 
Loretta Collins Argrett
Barbara Allen Babcock
Sheila C. Bair
The Honorable Rosemary Barkett
The Honorable Carole Kamin Bellows
Jodie Z. Bernstein
Sheila L. Birnbaum

82 more


Barbara Aronstein Black
The Honorable Ruth C. Burg
Elizabeth J. Cabraser
Nancy Duff Campbell
LaDoris H. Cordell
The Honorable Ann K. Covington
Sara-Ann Determan
Carol E. Dinkins
The Honorable Bernice B. Donald
The Honorable Antoinette L. Dupont
The Honorable Christine M. Durham 
The Honorable Betty Weinberg Ellerin 
The Honorable Betty Binns Fletcher
Tamar Frankel
Maryann Saccomando Freedman
Frankie Muse Freeman
Sonia Fuentes
Joanne M. Garvey
The Honorable Nancy Gertner
Jamie S. Gorelick
Marcia Greenberger
Joan M. Hall
Gail Harmon
Antonia Hernández
Irma Herrera
Carla Anderson Hills
Sheila Slocum Hollis
Zona F. Hostetler
The Honorable Shirley M. Hufstedler
Roberta S. Karmel
The Honorable Judith S. Kaye
Cornelia G. Kennedy
The Honorable Catherine D. Kimball 
The Honorable Carolyn Dineen King
Patricia A. King
The Honorable Joan Dempsey Klein
The Honorable Phyllis A. Kravitch
Elizabeth B. Lacy
Esther Lardent
Judith Lichtman 
Karen J. Mathis
Barbara Mendel Mayden
Marygold S. Melli
Lizabeth A. Moody
Col. Linda Murnane
Betty Southard Murphy
The Honorable Dorothy W. Nelson
Bettina B. Plevan
Constance K. Putzel
The Honorable Peggy A. Quince
Myrna S. Raeder
Roberta Cooper Ramo
Janet Reno
The Honorable Betty Roberts
Barbara Paul Robinson
Florence Wagman Roisman
Catherine G. Roraback
The Honorable Ilana Diamond Rovner
Lynn Hecht Schafran
Grace Berg Schaible 
Lois Schiffer
The Honorable Mary M. Schroeder
Patricia Schroeder
The Honorable Stephanie K. Seymour
The Honorable Norma L. Shapiro
Ada Shen-Jaffe
Janie Ledlow Shores
Shirley Adelson Siegel
Constance I. Slaughter-Harvey
The Honorable Dolores Korman Sloviter 
The Honorable Fern Smith
Selma Moidel Smith
Marna S. Tucker
Judith P. Vladeck
The Honorable Rosalie E. Wahl
Sylvia H. Walbolt
The Honorable Zita L. Weinshienk
Ann Marie Whittemore
Wendy W. Williams
Judith A. Winston
The Honorable Miriam E. Wolff
Mary Jo White
less













Mary B. Cranston





WOMEN TRAILBLAZERS IN THE LAWOral History TranscriptsInterview I Interview II Donative DocumentsDonative DocumentsBiographiesMary B. Cranston Bio Angela Bradstreet - InterviewerOther PhotographsView Mary B. Cranston Photos









































 








For the Public


ABA-Approved Law Schools

Law School Accreditation

Public Education

Public Resources







Resources For


ABA Annual Meeting

ABA Leverage

Bar Associations

Government and Public Sector Lawyers

Judges

Law Students










Military Lawyers

Non-US Lawyers

Public Interest Lawyers

Senior Lawyers

Solo and Small Firms

Tribal Law Resource

Young Lawyers







Stay Connected


Twitter

Facebook

LinkedIn

ABA Career Center

Contact Us Online

Advertising & Sponsorship







Terms of Use | 
                
                
            
        
    
        
            
                
                
                    Code of Conduct | 
                
            
        
    
        
            
                
                
                    Privacy Policy | 
                
            
        
    
        
            
                
                
                    Your California Privacy Rights | 
                
            
        
    
        
            
                
                
                    Copyright & IP Policy | 
                
            
        
    
        
            
                
                
                    Web Staff Portal | 
                
            
        
    
        
    
    © 2017 ABA, All Rights Reserved























 







 Mary B. Cranston | Gender Bias Learning Project









































































                Gender Bias Learning Project

                A zany brainy look at a serious subject

                A project of the Center for WorkLife Law UC Hastings College of the Law




Home
GENDER BIAS
BIAS PATTERN
STRATEGIES
GENDER BIAS BINGO
ABOUT US
CONTACT
 







 
 

































                    Mary B. Cranston




                    Mary B. Cranston is Senior Partner and Immediate Past Chair of Pillsbury. In her eight years as Chair, she expanded the law firm from a regional California base into an international platform through two of the largest law firm mergers in history, and added seven offices. While Chair, she also achieved top-10 rankings among American law firms for women and minority partners through the introduction of innovative diversity and work-life programs. 
 Ms. Cranston has been practicing complex litigation, including antitrust, telecommunications and securities litigation since 1975, and she is a member of the American College of Trial Lawyers. She has been named one of “The 100 Most Influential Lawyers in America” by the National Law Journal, one of two “Best Law Firm Leaders in the United States” by Of Counsel and has been profiled as “One of the Best Female Antitrust Lawyers in the World” by Global Competition Review. In 2005, she was the recipient of the Margaret Brent Award, the American Bar Association’s highest award for women lawyers given for legal excellence and for paving the way for other women lawyers. She is on the boards of GrafTech International, VISA, Inc., Juniper Networks, International Rectifier, Stanford University, the San Francisco Ballet, and Catalyst. She is the current Chair of the Board of the Commonwealth Club of California. 

 

 
 
 



Privacy Policy | Terms
                of Use

            © Center for WorkLife Law






















Mary B Cranston - Truckee, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Mary B Cranston in Truckee, CA


Mary B Cranston

                                                                                       Intelius found that Mary B Cranston  is  a female between 60 and 70 years old from Truckee, CA.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Marybaile  Cranston


Get Report Now

Age

Mary B Cranston is in her 60s

Mary Has Lived In

Truckee, CA
San Francisco, CA
Princeton, NJ

Mary's Relatives

John Cranston
Harold Cranston
Honey Cranston
Susan Hamilton







Mary B Cranston



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Firm Senior Partner at PILLSBURY Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Mary? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Mary, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Mary B Cranston
Get a Criminal Check on Mary B Cranston
Get a Public Record Report on Mary B Cranston
Get a People Search Report on Mary B Cranston


Mary B Cranston's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Mary B Cranston has lived as well as Mary B Cranston's phone numbers and email addresses.




Mary B Cranston Has Lived in 4 States
California Address for Mary B Cranston


14584 H***** A** 

Truckee, CA


Has Lived In

Truckee, CA
San Francisco, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Mary B Cranston

(530) ***-**** - Truckee, CA 
(415) ***-**** - San Francisco, CA 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Mary B Cranston

j*****n@***.com
m****************n@***.com
m***c@***.com


Get Email Report




Mary B Cranston's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Mary B Cranston's academic history.  Find out which schools Mary B Cranston attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Mary B Cranston received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Mary B Cranston Has Attended 2 Schools
Stanford University Law School 1972 – 1975               Mary B Cranston has a Jd in law               
Stanford University               1966 – 1969               Mary B Cranston has a A.b. degree in Political Science               


Mary B Cranston's Professional Information
Information regarding Mary B Cranston's professional history.  Find out previous places Mary B Cranston has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Mary B Cranston Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: PILLSBURY Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
               Title: Firm Senior Partner
Company: PILLSBURY Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
               Title: Attorney
Mary B Cranston's Experience
Title: Firm Senior Partner
               Company: PILLSBURY Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
Job Details
               Partnership; 1001-5000 employees; Law Practice industry
Title: Attorney
               Company: PILLSBURY Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
Job Details
               Company Size: $500 mil to less than $1 bil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000. Company Size: $250 mil to less than $500 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000.
Additional Professional Information on Mary B Cranston

 See Mary B Cranston's LinkedIn Profile



Mary B Cranston's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Mary B Cranston


Mary B Cranston's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Mary B Cranston's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Mary Cranston
Username Matches

                  MaryCranston
                  CranstonMary
                  Mary.Cranston
                  Cranston.Mary
                  Mary_Cranston
                  Cranston_Mary
                  Mary-Cranston
                  Cranston-Mary
                  MCranston
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Cranston







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 







Outstanding Women: Mary Cranston - Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help








Who Will Be Running the Law Firms of Tomorrow?
Check out Law360's 2017 Rising Stars





Outstanding Women: Mary Cranston



        By Amanda Ernst



					Law360, New York (April 13, 2007, 12:00 AM EDT) -- Mary B. Cranston is undoubtedly one of the most influential women practicing law today. Her groundbreaking career has included many notable firsts: first woman to be elected chief executive of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, first person to hold the senior partner position at the firm and first woman to lead a global 100 law firm.Beyond those important landmarks, Cranston was also a pioneer female antitrust litigator. Before practically leaving her day-to-day practice behind to work as CEO, she litigated complex antitrust and securities cases,...
				
To view the full article, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login










 Add to Briefcase

 Printable Version
 Rights/Reprints
 Editorial Contacts

Related
Sections



California



Competition



Mergers & Acquisitions



New York


Law Firms

 Pillsbury Winthrop

Companies

 American Bar Association
 State Bar of California
 Vodafone Group plc







			Check out Law360's new podcast, Pro Say, which offers a weekly recap of both the biggest stories and hidden gems from the world of law.
		

Listen To Our Latest














×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 California
											

 Competition
											

 Mergers & Acquisitions
											

 New York
											

 Show all interests


 Aerospace & Defense
													

 Appellate
													

 Asset Management
													

 Automotive
													

 Banking
													

 Bankruptcy
													

 Capital Markets
													

 Class Action
													

 Commercial Contracts
													

 Consumer Protection
													

 Corporate
													

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
													

 Delaware
													

 Employment
													

 Energy
													

 Environmental
													

 Financial Services Uk
													

 Florida
													

 Food & Beverage
													

 Government Contracts
													

 Health
													

 Hospitality
													

 Illinois
													

 Immigration
													

 Insurance
													

 Insurance Uk
													

 Intellectual Property
													

 International Arbitration
													

 International Trade
													

 Law360 In Depth
													

 Legal Ethics
													

 Life Sciences
													

 Media & Entertainment
													

 Medical Malpractice
													

 Native American
													

 New Jersey
													

 Pennsylvania
													

 Private Equity
													

 Product Liability
													

 Project Finance
													

 Public Policy
													

 Real Estate
													

 Retail & E Commerce
													

 Securities
													

 Sports
													

 Tax
													

 Technology
													

 Telecommunications
													

 Texas
													

 Transportation
													

 Trials
													

 White Collar
													







Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















×
Sign up for our free California newsletter






You must correct or enter the following before you can sign up:




Please provide a professional email:



 Select more newsletters to receive for free




 Aerospace & Defense
												



 Appellate
												



 Asset Management
												



 Automotive
												



 Banking
												



 Bankruptcy
												



 California
												



 Capital Markets
												



 Class Action
												



 Commercial Contracts
												



 Competition
												



 Consumer Protection
												



 Corporate
												



 Cybersecurity & Privacy
												



 Delaware
												



 Employment
												



 Energy
												



 Environmental
												



 Florida
												



 Food & Beverage
												



 Government Contracts
												



 Health
												



 Hospitality
												



 Illinois
												



 Immigration
												



 Insurance
												



 Intellectual Property
												



 International Arbitration
												





 International Trade
												



 Law360 In-Depth
												



 Legal Ethics
												



 Legal Industry
												



 Life Sciences
												



 Media & Entertainment
												



 Medical Malpractice
												



 Mergers & Acquisitions
												



 Native American
												



 New Jersey
												



 New York
												



 Pennsylvania
												



 Private Equity
												



 Product Liability
												



 Project Finance
												



 Public Policy
												



 Real Estate
												



 Retail & E-Commerce
												



 Securities
												



 Sports
												



 Tax
												



 Technology
												



 Telecommunications
												



 Texas
												



 Transportation
												



 Trials
												



 White Collar
												




No Thanks
Sign up now





Thank You!















	Visa Inc. - Corporate Governance - Board of Directors


























































Investor Relations> Corporate Governance> Board of Directors


















Feeds & Alerts



Email Address


*








Mailing Lists
*






News

SEC Filings

Presentations

Events

Financial Reports

EOD Stock Quote









 





Enter the code shown above.



*






Unsubscribe from e-mail alerts





Unsubscribe from e-mail alerts



Board of Directors




Robert  W. Matschullat (Independent Chair)
,


,

,  Former Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, The Seagram Company Limited




Robert W. Matschullat is the independent Chair of our board of directors. From March 2006 to October 2006, Mr. Matschullat served as the interim Chairman and interim Chief Executive Officer of The Clorox Company, a global consumer products company. From January 2004 through January 2005, and from January 2005 through March 2006, he served as both Chairman and Presiding Director of the Clorox board, respectively. He also served as the Vice Chairman of the board of directors and as Chief Financial Officer of The Seagram Company Limited, a global company with entertainment and beverage operations, from 1995 until 2000. Previously, he was head of worldwide investment banking at Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, a securities and investment firm, from 1991 to 1995, and served on the board of directors of Morgan Stanley from 1992 to 1995. Mr. Matschullat is a member of the board of directors of The Clorox Company and The Walt Disney Company. Mr. Matschullat holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology from Stanford University and a Master of Business Administration degree from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.






Lloyd A.  Carney 
,


,

, Chief Executive Officer, Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. 




Lloyd A. Carney was appointed CEO and director of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., a global supplier of networking hardware and software, in January 2013.  Prior to this role, he was CEO and a director of Xsigo Systems, an information technology and hardware company, from 2008 to 2012.  He also served as CEO and chairman of the board of Micromuse, Inc., a networking management software company, acquired by IBM, from 2003 to 2006.  During his career, Mr. Carney held senior leadership roles at Juniper Networks, Inc., a networking equipment provider, Nortel Networks Inc., a former telecommunications and data networking equipment manufacturer, and Bay Networks, Inc, a computer networking products manufacturer. Mr. Carney previously was a director of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation and Technicolor S.A.  Mr. Carney holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering Technology and an Honorary PhD from the Wentworth Institute of Technology, and a Master of Science degree in Applied Business Management from Lesley College.






Mary B. Cranston
,


,

, Retired Senior Partner, Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP




Mary B. Cranston is a Retired Senior Partner of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, an international law firm. She was the Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Pillsbury from January 1999 until April 2006, and continued to serve as Chair of the firm until December 2006. She was Firm Senior Partner until January 2012. Ms. Cranston also serves as a director of the Chemours Company and MyoKardia, Inc. She previously served as a member of the boards of Juniper Networks, Inc. until May 2015, International Rectifier Corporation until January 2015 and of Exponent, Inc. and GrafTech International, Inc., until May 2014. Ms. Cranston holds an A.B. degree in Political Science from Stanford University, a Juris Doctor degree from Stanford Law School, and a Master of Arts degree in Educational Psychology from the University of California, Los Angeles.






Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal
,


,

, Former Chief Executive Officer, Corporate Development Division, Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer, S.A.




Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal has been a consultant for public and private investment transactions and a wealth management advisor since January 2002. Mr. Fernández-Carbajal also has served as Director General of Servicios Administrativos Contry S.A. de C.V., a privately held company that provides central administrative and investment management services, since June 2005. From July 2000 to January 2002, Mr. Fernández-Carbajal served as Chief Executive Officer of the Corporate Development Division of Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer, S.A., a Mexico-based banking and financial services company that owns BBVA Bancomer, one of Mexico’s largest banks. Prior to this role, he held other senior executive positions at Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer since joining in September 1991, serving as President from October 1999 to July 2000, and as Chief Financial Officer from October 1995 to October 1999. Until August 2007, Mr. Fernández-Carbajal also served as a member of the boards of several publicly-traded companies in Mexico, including Grupo Bimbo, S.A.B. de C.V., Grupo Gigante, S.A.B. de C.V., IXE Grupo Financiero, S.A.B. de C.V., and Grupo Lamosa, S.A.B. de C.V.; until March 2008, as a member of the board of El Puerto de Liverpool, S.A.B. de C.V.; until August 2011, as a member of the board of Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico, S.A.B. de C.V.; and until May 2014, as a member of the board of Fresnillo, PLC. He currently serves on the boards of directors of CEMEX S.A.B. de C.V. and Fomento Economico Mexicano, S.A.B. de C.V. He also serves on the board of directors of ALFA S.A.B. de C.V., which trades only on the BOLSA in Mexico.  Mr. Fernández-Carbajal holds a degree in Mechanical and Electrical Engineering from the Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey and a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School.






Gary Hoffman
,


,

, Chief Executive Officer, Hastings Group




Mr. Hoffman has been the Chief Executive Officer of Hastings Group, a UK insurance provider, since November 2012. Prior to this role, Mr. Hoffman was Chief Executive Officer of NBNK Investments, an investment vehicle formed in August 2010 to establish personal and business retail banking in the UK, from 2011 to 2012. He also served as Chief Executive Officer of Northern Rock PLC, from 2008 to 2010 and Vice Chairman of Barclays PLC, from 2006 to 2008. Prior to that, he served in various other roles at Barclays Group, including Chairman of UK Banking and Barclaycard at Barclays PLC and Chief Executive Officer of Barclaycard. 
Mr. Hoffman holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Queens’ College, Cambridge University and an honorary PhD from the University of Northampton.






Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.
,


,

, Chief Executive Officer, Visa Inc.




Prior to joining Visa Inc, Mr. Kelly worked in industry-leading companies within the financial services, travel and leisure, and consumer products industries. Before becoming CEO of Intersection, he was a management advisor at TowerBrook Capital Partners LP. From 2011 to late 2014, Mr. Kelly served as Chairman, President and CEO of the 2014 NY/NJ Super Bowl Host Committee. He led numerous groups at American Express Co. between 1987 and 2010, including the Global Consumer Group, the Consumer Card Services Group, OPEN from American Express, Consumer Travel, Global Travelers Cheques, the US Merchant Group and Prepaid Services, US Customer Service, and Global Risk Management and Interactive Services. Mr. Kelly joined the board of Visa in 2014 as an independent director and is also presently a director of MetLife Inc. He was the Chairman of the 2015 Papal Visit Committee for NYC and is active in numerous philanthropic endeavors, including as a trustee of the New York Presbyterian Hospital and of Boston College. Mr. Kelly also worked at the White House from 1985-1987 as manager of information systems and at PepsiCo from 1981 to 1985 in strategic planning. He received a bachelor's degree as well as an MBA from Iona College.






John F. Lundgren
,


,

, Former Chief Executive Officer, Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.




Mr. Lundgren was Chief Executive Officer of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. from March 2010 until his retirement in July 2016. He also served as Chairman until December 2016. Previously, Mr. Lundgren served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Stanley Works, a worldwide supplier of consumer products, industrial tools and security solutions for professional, industrial and consumer use, from March 2004 until its merger with Black & Decker in March 2010. Prior to joining The Stanley Works, Mr. Lundgren served as President of European Consumer Products of Georgia-Pacific Corporation form January 2000 to February 2004. Previously, he had held the same position with James River Corporation from 1995 to 1997 and Fort James Corporation from 1997 to 2000 until its acquisition by Georgia-Pacific. Mr. Lundgren serves on the boards of Callaway Gold Company and Staples, Inc. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Dartmouth College and an MBA from Stanford University.






Suzanne Nora  Johnson
,


,

, Former Vice Chairman, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.




Suzanne Nora Johnson was the Vice Chairman of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a bank holding company and a global investment banking, securities and investment management firm, from November 2004 until her retirement in January 2007. Prior to this position, she served in various leadership roles since joining Goldman Sachs, including Chair of the Global Markets Institute, head of the Global Investment Research Division, and head of the Global Healthcare Business. She also founded the firm’s Latin American business. Ms. Nora Johnson currently serves as a director of the American International Group, Inc., Intuit Inc., Pfizer Inc., and as a member of the board of several not-for-profit organizations. Ms. Nora Johnson holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics, Philosophy/Religion and Political Science from the University of Southern California and a Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School.






John  A. C. Swainson
,


,

, Former President, Software Group, Dell Inc.




John A. C. Swainson was President of the Software Group of Dell Inc., a global computer manufacturer and information technology solutions provider, from February 2012 until its sale to a consortium of private equity firms led by Francisco Partners in November 2016. Prior to joining Dell, Mr. Swainson served as a Senior Advisor to Silver Lake Partners, a global private investment firm, from June 2010 to February 2012. Mr. Swainson was the Chief Executive Officer of CA, Inc. (now CA Technologies), an information technology management software company, from February 2005 to December 2009 and was President and a director of CA, Inc. from November 2004 to December 2009. Prior to his joining CA, Inc., from July 2004 to November 2004, Mr. Swainson was the Vice President of Worldwide Sales for the Software Group of International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), a globally integrated technology company. From 1997 to 2004, Mr. Swainson was General Manager of the Application Integration Middleware division of IBM. He also served as a director of Visa U.S.A. from April 2006 to October 2007, Cadence Design Systems Inc. from February 2006 to May 2012, Assurant Inc. from May 2010 to May 2012 and Broadcom Corporation from August 2010 to May 2012. Mr. Swainson holds a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Engineering from the University of British Columbia.






Maynard G. Webb, Jr.
,


,

, Founder, Webb Investment Network;Co-Founder, Everwise; Director Salesforce.com, and Everwise




Maynard G. Webb, Jr. is the founder of Webb Investment Network, an early stage investment firm, and a co-founder of Everwise Corporation, a provider of workplace mentoring solutions. Mr. Webb served as the Chairman of the board of LiveOps Inc., a cloud-based call center, from 2011 to 2013 and was its Chief Executive Officer from December 2006 to July 2011. Previously, Mr. Webb was the Chief Operating Officer of eBay, Inc., a global commerce and payments provider, from June 2002 to August 2006, and President of eBay Technologies from August 1999 to June 2002. Prior to joining eBay, Mr. Webb was Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Gateway, Inc., a computer manufacturer, from July 1998 to August 1999, and Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Bay Networks, Inc., a computer networking products manufacturer, from February 1995 to July 1998. Mr. Webb currently serves as a director of Salesforce.com, inc. and Everwise. He previously was a director of Extensity, Inc., an Internet-based employee relationship management solutions company; Gartner, Inc., an information technology research and advisory firm; Hyperion Solutions Corporation, a business performance management software company; and Niku Corporation, an information technology management and governance software company. Mr. Webb holds a Bachelor of Applied Arts degree from Florida Atlantic University.




















































Insider Trading - Cranston Mary B - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Cranston Mary B





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-19Option Award
2016-11-228:47 pm
N/AN/A
Visa Inc
V
Cranston Mary BDirector
2,289
$0
30,332(Direct)
View


2016-06-07Option Award
2016-06-096:29 pm
N/A2026-06-06
Myokardia Inc
MYOK
Cranston Mary BDirector
11,000
$13.6
11,000(Direct)
View


2016-04-27Option Award
2016-04-294:29 pm
N/AN/A
Chemours Co
CC
Cranston Mary BDirector
11,970
$0
21,747(Direct)
View


2016-04-11Option Award
2016-04-134:36 pm
N/A2026-04-10
Myokardia Inc
MYOK
Cranston Mary BDirector
22,000
$11.69
22,000(Direct)
View


2015-11-19Option Award
2015-11-235:43 pm
N/AN/A
Visa Inc
V
Cranston Mary BDirector
2,246
$0
30,332(Direct)
View


2015-08-05Option Award
2015-08-079:04 pm
N/AN/A
Chemours Co
CC
Cranston Mary BDirector
9,680
$0
9,680(Direct)
View


2015-05-18Exercise
2015-05-205:45 pm
N/AN/A
Juniper Networks Inc
JNPR
Cranston Mary BDirector
11,005
$0
30,192(Direct)
View


2015-05-18Exercise
2015-05-205:45 pm
2015-05-182015-05-21
Juniper Networks Inc
JNPR
Cranston Mary BDirector
11,005
$0
30,192(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 22 Jul 2017 09:01:27 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  

















Mary B. Cranston - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Mary B. Cranston
Board Member at Visa Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Mary B. Cranston? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mary B. Cranston's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mary B. Cranston's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mary B. Cranston's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mary B. Cranston through your network of contacts.
												








Mary B. Cranston's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Visa Inc.


Board Member, 
The Chemours Company


Board Member, 
MyoKardia, Inc.


Past
To view Mary B. Cranston's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															Stanford University


														 M.A., 
															University of California - Los Angeles


Age
69

 
 


Mary B. Cranston's Biography



Ms. Cranston has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2016. Since December 2012 when she retired from her position as the Firm Senior Partner and Chair Emeritus of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, an international law firm, Ms. Cranston has served on various boards of companies and non-profits. Ms. Cranston was the Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Pillsbury from January 1999 until April 2006, and continued to serve as Chair of the firm until December 2006. Ms. Cranston has served as a director of Visa, Inc., a multinational financial services company since 2007, and The Chemours Company, a global chemical company s ...
(Read More)

			Ms. Cranston has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2016. Since December 2012 when she retired from her position as the Firm Senior Partner and Chair Emeritus of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, an international law firm, Ms. Cranston has served on various boards of companies and non-profits. Ms. Cranston was the Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Pillsbury from January 1999 until April 2006, and continued to serve as Chair of the firm until December 2006. Ms. Cranston has served as a director of Visa, Inc., a multinational financial services company since 2007, and The Chemours Company, a global chemical company since 2015. Ms. Cranston previously served as a director of GrafTech International, Ltd. (acquired by Brookfield Asset Management), Juniper Networks, Inc., a manufacture of news networks products and infrastructure, Exponent, Inc. and International Rectifier Corporation. Ms. Cranston holds an A.B. degree in Political Science from Stanford University, a Juris Doctor degree from Stanford Law School, and a Master of Arts degree in Educational Psychology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Ms. Cranston is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because during her tenure at the Pillsbury law firm, Ms. Cranston gained a broad understanding of the business and regulation of the financial services industry as well as of the management of a global enterprise. Ms. Cranston's qualifications to serve on our Board of Directors include her experience as a director of six other U.S. publicly-traded companies, where she has regularly reviewed corporate strategies, financial and operational risks and her management of legal risks for many public companies throughout her career.
		
Source: MyoKardia, Inc. on 12/08/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mary B. Cranston's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Mary B. Cranston. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mary B. Cranston's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mary B. Cranston's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mary B. Cranston through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Mary B. Cranston


















Mary B. Cranston's Connections (317)





Sign up now to view Mary B. Cranston's 317 connections »









Vincent Molinaro
Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer, Juniper Networks, Inc.









Kevin P. Starr
Board Member, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Curtis J. Crawford
Board Member, The Chemours Company









Stephen D. Newlin
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Univar Inc.









John F. Lundgren
Board Member, Callaway Golf Company









Mark P. Vergnano
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, The Chemours Company









Geraldine T. Elliott
Board Member, Whirlpool Corporation









Ruth M. Porat
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Alphabet Inc.









Suzanne Nora Johnson
Lead Independent Director, Intuit Inc.









Marissa T. Peterson
Board Member, Humana Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Amazon.com: cranston







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






























































































1-24 of 7,553 results for "cranston"




Sort by 
Relevance
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Newest Arrivals












A Life in PartsOct 11, 2016by Bryan CranstonHardcover
$
16
72

$27.00PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 24FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$6.49(93 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
12
99

Other Formats:Paperback, Audible Audio Edition, Audio CD
4.6 out of 5 stars
277The Infiltrator2016RCCAmazon Video$0.00Watch with a Prime membership
$
4
99-$
12
99

Rent or Buy 
4.1 out of 5 stars
4,193Starring:John Leguizamo, Yul Vazquez, et al.Directed by:Brad FurmanRuntime:2 hrs 8 minsKnitting is Murder: A Bee's Bakehouse Cozy MysteryNov 21, 2016by Kathy CranstonPaperback
$
8
99

PrimeGet it by Tuesday, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.99(2 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
0
99


4.2 out of 5 stars
18Book 2 of 7 in the Bee's Bakehouse Mysteries SeriesCole Haan Men's Cranston Chukka Bootby Cole Haan
$
111
99-$
280
00

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersSome sizes/colors are Prime eligible
4.5 out of 5 stars
27Product Description... Cole haan cranston boot - the intersection of rugged maine inspired ...









Cranston [Explicit]Jul 22, 2016by CranstonMP3 Music
$
9
49

Available for download now.Audio CD
$
16
75

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 2 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$13.13(14 used &amp new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
1Parties are Murder: A Bee's Bakehouse Cozy MysteryNov 22, 2016by Kathy CranstonPaperback
$
9
99

PrimeGet it by Tuesday, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$9.06(7 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
2
99


4.5 out of 5 stars
2Book 3 of 7 in the Bee's Bakehouse Mysteries SeriesFootball is Murder (Bee's Bakehouse Mysteries Book 4)Aug 16, 2016by Kathy CranstonKindle Edition
$
2
99


5 out of 5 stars
3Book 4 of 7 in the Bee's Bakehouse Mysteries SeriesCircleware Cranston Huge Glass Beverage Drink Dispenser, 3 gallon, Clearby Circleware
$
34
99

$39.99PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 24FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$34.99(13 new offers)
4.4 out of 5 stars
27Product Description... Cranston Huge 3 Gallon Glass Beverage Drink Dispenser 100% Lead Free. ...Cranston - Nintendo Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer Series 4 Amiibo Card - 392by NintendoUnknown Platform$2.99(3 used &amp new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
1Wedding are Murder: A Bee’s Bakehouse Cozy MysteryMay 29, 2017by Kathy CranstonPaperback
$
8
99

PrimeGet it by Tuesday, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.99(9 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
2
99


4 out of 5 stars
1Book 7 of 7 in the Bee's Bakehouse Mysteries SeriesMinka Lavery Outdoor 8256-61, Cranston Outdoor Post Lighting, 75 Total Watts, Rustby Minka Lavery
$
62
91

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$59.32(4 new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
1Product Description... The Minka Lavery 8256-61 Cranston collection Outdoor Post Lighting in ...Cruises are Murder: A Bee's Bakehouse Cozy MysteryOct 27, 2016by Kathy CranstonPaperback
$
8
99

PrimeGet it by Tuesday, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.99(10 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
2
99


5 out of 5 stars
3Book 5 of 7 in the Bee's Bakehouse Mysteries SeriesCranston Rhode Island T Shirtby Rhode Island Fun T Shirt
$
19
99

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersSome sizes/colors are Prime eligibleProduct FeaturesCranston Rhode Island T ShirtCranston/VIP "Tiger Stripe" Green Animal Skin Print Fabricby VIP by Cranston
$
8
45

+ $3.50 shippingOnly 13 left in stock - order soon.
5 out of 5 stars
1Product Description... Cranston/VIP "Tiger Stripe" Green Animal Skin Print Fabric. ...Cranston VIP Print Soft DAISY DOLL CUT & SEW FABRIC PANELby VIP Cranston Prints Works CompanyCurrently unavailable
5 out of 5 stars
1Mistletoe is Murder: A Christmas Cozy Mystery (Bee's Bakehouse Mysteries) (Volume 6)Dec 29, 2016by Kathy CranstonPaperback
$
10
99

PrimeGet it by Tuesday, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$10.93(11 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
2
99


5 out of 5 stars
1Book 6 of 7 in the Bee's Bakehouse Mysteries SeriesCranston Eye Shadow - .8 gramsby Voronajj
$
19
20

VIP Cranston Print Works Calico Santa Figure or Pillow Novelty Fabric Panelby VIP by Cranston$14.99(1 used offer)Product FeaturesVIP Cranston Print Works Fabric PanelPurple Heart Love Set of 6 Cupcake Picks Toppers Decoration Places Cl-Fa - Cranstonby Graphics and More
$
6
99

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersBryan Cranston Factsby SweetmanTech
                                "Alexa, open bryan cranston facts"
                            
                                "Alexa, ask bryan cranston facts to give me a fact"
                            Available instantly on your connected Alexa device.DescriptionWant to know some cool facts about Bryan Cranston? With this skill, your device will tell you new, interesting facts about Bryan Cranston which you might not have known! Note: This is a fun skill. The…moreBreaking Bad cast 8x10 reprint signed photo #2 RP Cranston Paul
$
11
99

+ $4.99 shippingOnly 16 left in stock - order soon.
4.4 out of 5 stars
15Bryan Cranston Painting - 8"x10"x1" Paint on Gallery Canvas - Ready to Hangby Planet Giggles
$
40
00

+ $4.49 shippingOnly 1 left in stock - order soon.Minka Lavery 8251-94, Cranston, 1 Light Wall Mount, Heritage by Minka Laveryby Minka Lavery
$
85
42

+ $3.99 shippingOnly 3 left in stock - order soon.Rats Of Tomorrow - Confessions Of My SweetheartJul 20, 2017by Evangelina CranstonKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
76
26

to buyBorrow for free from your Kindle device.Join Amazon Prime












 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
13
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results forBooksActor & Entertainer BiographiesBiographiesTelevision Performer BiographiesTelevisionPerforming ArtsMemoirsHumor & EntertainmentTeen & Young Adult BooksKindle StoreBiographies of Actors & ActressesBiographies of Actors & EntertainersMemoirsTelevisionTeen & Young Adult Biography eBooksAmazon VideoMoviesTVMovies & TVAmazon VideoDramaMoviesTVMystery & ThrillersClothing, Shoes & JewelryHome & KitchenDigital MusicArts, Crafts & SewingCollectibles & Fine ArtEverything ElseSports & OutdoorsOffice ProductsToys & GamesBabyTools & Home ImprovementAutomotive Parts & AccessoriesCDs & VinylCell Phones & AccessoriesPatio, Lawn & GardenHandmadeApps & GamesIndustrial & ScientificAlexa SkillsGrocery & Gourmet FoodPet SuppliesVideo GamesAppliancesBeauty & Personal CareElectronicsHealth, Household & Baby CareSee All 30 DepartmentsRefine byDelivery DayGet It TodayGet It by TomorrowAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonAudible NarrationeBooks with Audible NarrationBook FormatAudible Audio EditionHardcoverAudio CDKindle EditionPaperbackMovie & TV Show Release Decade2010 & Newer2000 - 20091990 - 19991980 - 19891970 - 19791960 - 1969Up to 1960Movies & TV MoodTouching Movies & TVBleak Movies & TVExciting Movies & TVFeel Good Movies & TVFunny Movies & TVOffbeat Movies & TVRough Movies & TVSuspenseful Movies & TVActorBryan CranstonBenjamin BrattDiane KrugerEileen AtkinsJohn LeguizamoMichael GambonOlympia DukakisJulia SawalhaSimon WoodsFrancesca AnnisGreg WiseImelda StauntonJulia McKenzieLesley ManvilleAmy RyanSee moreDirectorBrad FurmanBen AffleckGareth EdwardsTom HanksNicolas Winding RefnJay RoachSteven SoderberghLen WisemanTom McGrathConrad VernonEric DarnellBryan CranstonShinichirô WatanabeTakuya SatoDean IsraeliteSee moreAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionNewUsed












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates





























Please enable Javascript to signup for Prime.


Amazon Prime

Get FREE Two-Day ShippingGet Free Two-Day Shipping, free Same-Day Delivery in select metro areas, exclusive access to movies, TV shows, music, original audio series, and Kindle books when you start a free trial of Amazon Prime. 



Start your 30-day free trial 
After your Free Trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month. Cancel anytime.



  See more plans
 

Give the gift of Prime


< Back

 Choose the membership that's best for you 





 

Prime Video                


                   $8.99/month
                

 

Prime (monthly)
                


                   $10.99/month
                

 

Prime (annual)                


                   $99/year
                







Prime Video    

       $8.99/month
    








Start your free trial of Prime Video to enjoy    
    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows 
(HD, Ultra HD & HDR video when available) 




Start your 30-day free trial 
After your Free Trial, Prime Video is just $8.99/month. Cancel anytime.
 


Prime (monthly)
    

       $10.99/month
    








Start your free trial of Prime to enjoy    
    
    
    



Free Two-Day Shipping with Amazon Prime    
    
    



Unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows 
(HD, Ultra HD & HDR video when available)     
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Free Same-Day Delivery in eligible areas




Start your 30-day free trial 
After your Free Trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month. Cancel anytime. 


Prime (annual)          



       $99/year
    





Equal to $8.25/month    


Start your free trial of Prime to enjoy    
    
    
    



Free Two-Day Shipping with Amazon Prime    
    
    



Unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows 
(HD, Ultra HD & HDR video when available)     
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Free Same-Day Delivery in eligible areas    
    
    



Save 25% on Prime with our annual plan




Start your 30-day free trial 
After your Free Trial, Amazon Prime is just $99/year. Cancel anytime. 






v


































Amazon.com: Prime Music









































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































Prime members stream free. Prime Music features a growing selection of 2 million songs, is always ad-free and on-demand.




Want more music? Unlock tens of millions of songs on Amazon Music Unlimited.  Prime members save 20%





            Try Prime
          




Prime members stream free. Prime Music features a growing selection of 2 million songs, is always ad-free and on-demand.




Want more music? Unlock tens of millions of songs on Amazon Music Unlimited.  Prime members save 20%





            Try Prime
          




Prime members stream free. Prime Music features a growing selection of 2 million songs, is always ad-free and on-demand.




Want more music? Unlock tens of millions of songs on Amazon Music Unlimited.  Prime members save 20%





            Try Prime
          
















Curated playlists and personalized stations




Just start listening. Choose from playlists curated by our music experts, or personalized stations to fit every moment.




Curated playlists and personalized stations




Just start listening. Choose from playlists curated by our music experts, or personalized stations to fit every moment.




Curated playlists and personalized stations




Just start listening. Choose from playlists curated by our music experts, or personalized stations to fit every moment.
















Music anytime, anywhere




Listen ad-free and on-demand with unlimited skips and offline playback.




Music anytime, anywhere




Listen ad-free and on-demand with unlimited skips and offline playback.




Music anytime, anywhere




Listen ad-free and on-demand with unlimited skips and offline playback.
















Alexa, play Prime Music




Prime members can stream music on their Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, or Amazon Tap. Just ask.




Alexa, play Prime Music




Prime members can stream music on their Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, or Amazon Tap. Just ask.




Alexa, play Prime Music




Prime members can stream music on their Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, or Amazon Tap. Just ask.
















Two million songs and so much more




With a Prime membership, you can also enjoy Free Two-Day Shipping, streaming movies and TV shows, and more.




Two million songs and so much more




With a Prime membership, you can also enjoy Free Two-Day Shipping, streaming movies and TV shows, and more.




Two million songs and so much more




With a Prime membership, you can also enjoy Free Two-Day Shipping, streaming movies and TV shows, and more.
















Amazon Music Apps




Listen to Prime Music on all of your favorite devices.




See all supported devices




Amazon Music Apps




Listen to Prime Music on all of your favorite devices.




See all supported devices




Amazon Music Apps




Listen to Prime Music on all of your favorite devices.




See all supported devices
















Unlock more music with Amazon Music Unlimited




With Amazon Music Unlimited, unlock tens of millions of songs and weekly new releases - exclusive Prime pricing.




Learn More about Unlimited




Unlock more music with Amazon Music Unlimited




With Amazon Music Unlimited, unlock tens of millions of songs and weekly new releases - exclusive Prime pricing.




Learn More about Unlimited




Unlock more music with Amazon Music Unlimited




With Amazon Music Unlimited, unlock tens of millions of songs and weekly new releases - exclusive Prime pricing.




Learn More about Unlimited
















Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Try Prime
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Try Prime
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Try Prime
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Public Records Official

























CRANSTON RECORDS 
Find Cranston Records For Anyone Instantly! 






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Come to find out someone close to me in a position of trust has three felonies.
- Jenny H.






              CRANSTON RECORDS            	
Cranston Records is a comprehensive, detailed, timely and accurate public records search database that has all the Cranston Records information you'd like for. If you're to make informed decisions, then you need to rely on all the credible public records information. If this is what you'd like for, then we're a name you can count on. When you search Cranston Records, you're provided with all the Cranston Records information with ease. From birth date records to address records, you can have all the Cranston Records information you'd like for. Whether you want the information for business or personal reasons, just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. This is as easy as it gets.
When you search Cranston Records, you're provided with all the information within minutes. If you don't want to spend considerable hours waiting for the information you require, then we're a name you can rely on. As long as you know the name of the person you'd like the search results personalized for, then that's about it. You can search Cranston Records with complete peace of mind. If you're to make opinionated decisions, then it becomes all the more important for you to rely on information but the credible one. If this sounds interesting enough, then you don't have to put in much time and effort to search Cranston Records. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. 
Feeling like going ahead with Cranston Records search? Try your Cranston Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS 
Police Records, Mugshots, Contact Information and Much More!  






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS            	
background checks Records are available instantly. Just enter the name of the person that you would like to search. You will then be able to view all the background checks Records that pertain to that person. background checks Records are public records which are documents or pieces of information that are not considered confidential and can be viewed instantly online.






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official
























CRIMINAL RECORDS  
Find Criminal Records For Anyone Instantly! 






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Come to find out someone close to me in a position of trust has three felonies.
- Jenny H.






              CRIMINAL RECORDS             	
Criminal Records is a search database that you've been looking for. If you're to make informed decisions, then it becomes extremely important for you to rely on quality search database. If you're to background checks, then we're a name you can rely on. If you aren't sure of how to get started with Criminal Records, then rest assured, it isn't much of a hassle anyway. So, what does it actually take to search Criminal Records? Nothing much. All you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records. 
Just enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information including criminal records and arrest records. If this something you don't want to miss out on, then all you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records. If this sounds interesting enough, then make sure to search Criminal Records. You'll be provided with all the comprehensive, detailed and timely search results that can count on in terms of ascertaining one's public background. As long as you know the name, you can search Criminal Records with complete peace of mind. 
When you search Criminal Records, you're provided with all the required Criminal Records information within minutes. This means you no longer have to wait for hours to receive the required Criminal Records information. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from.
Try your Criminal Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























PUBLIC RECORDS
Find Public Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              PUBLIC RECORDS           	
Public Records searches can help you find records regardless of where you live. If you want to find a man or woman from your past, or if by chance you want to search for accessible Public Records, you can use a records inquiry to help you. 

If you are concerned how this may be possible or how would you find records to help you find somebody with an online request, it's simple. These are Public Records. When you are prepared to begin a Public Records search, you can essentially just go to our Public Records site and enter your name or another person's name in the inquiry bar and with a few direct steps, you can access records for anybody that you want. You have search throughout the day, consistently and you can search conveniently from home. 

Searching for Public Records? The speediest way to find the records you want is to go to our online database. It's super easy to start. You can basically add your name or the name of somebody else in the inquiry field and you can start a new search for Public Records. Maybe you are searching for an old companion or relative you lost contact with years ago. When you go to our site, you will see that you can get the address records they want to help you with your request. You can even print them out.

When you're prepared to begin a Public Records inquiry, you can get brisk access to Public Records you want to find. Our site is accessible night and day and you never have to wait in line again. Search for Public Records right away and get your records quickly!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























Driving Records
Find Driving Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              Driving Records           	
Driving Records is a comprehensive enough search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. Whether you're to make background checks or opinionated decisions, Driving Records search helps you with all of that. From birth date records to address records, and from public records to court records, you're provided with all the public records information you'd like for. If this sounds interesting enough, then what are you waiting for? 

Getting hold of the required and relevant public records information is as easy as it gets. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. That's correct. All you need is to enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information with ease. If this sounds interesting enough, then rest assured, there isn't much you need to do to search Driving Records. If you know the name of the person, then that's about it.

When you search Driving Records, you're provided with all the information in the nick of time. This means you don't have to put in much of an effort to search Driving Records. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. If you don't want to spend hours waiting for the information you require, then make sure to search Driving Records. We're a search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. 

If you're feeling like going ahead with Driving Records, then try your Driving Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 




























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















