










 


Custom Promotional Products, Custom Promotional Items & Corporate Gifts | Crestline
Welcome GuestSign InMy AccountCatalog RequestEmail SignupLive Chat| 1-866-488-4975 Cart (0)Price ($)  AllSpecify a price range:Please enter From Price lesser than To Price!From($):To($):APPLYApparelAuto, Health & HomeBags & TotesDrinkwareFun & OutdoorsOfficeSpecialty StoresTrade Shows & EventsWritingRush ServiceAccessoriesActivewearCaps & HatsDress Shirts & SweatersGolf Apparel & HatsOuterwearPolosPants & ShortsSweatshirts & HoodiesTeesWorkwearYouthAuto AccessoriesAwareness ItemsBanksClipsFirst AidFlashlightsHand SanitizersHealth & SafetyHousewaresKeychainsPersonal CarePet ProductsPhoto Frames & AlbumsSun SafetyToolsTravelAccessoriesBackpacksBriefcases & Messenger BagsDrawstring BackpacksLaptop BagsLuggage & Bag TagsLunch Bags & CoolersPaper BagsPlastic BagsReusable Grocery Tote BagsSports & Duffel BagsTotesBPA Free BottlesCans/Bottle CoolersCoastersGlasswareMugsPlastic CupsThermosesTravel MugsWater Bottles - PlasticWater Bottles - Stainless/AluminumBalloonsBlanketsChocolateFood GiftsFun ItemsGames & PuzzlesGolfMints & CandyOutdoor ItemsSchool SpiritSporting EventsStress RelieversStuffed AnimalsUmbrellasAdhesive Notes & Note PadsBinders & Document HoldersBookmarks & Book LightsBusiness Card CasesCalculatorsCalendars & PlannersClocksDesk AccessoriesGreeting CardsJotters & JournalsLetter OpenersMagnetsPadfoliosPaper Clips & DispensersPencil Pouches & SharpenersRulersTablet & Phone ItemsTechnology ItemsUSB Flash DrivesCloseoutsCorporate GiftsEco FriendlyEducationHealth Care PromotionsHolidayLow MinimumMade In The USANew ProductsOn SaleTop SellersAwards And RecognitionButtons & PinsGiveawaysLanyardsNeck WalletsRetractable Badge HoldersRibbonsTable Covers & ThrowsTents, Banners & SignsTrade Show Booth AccessoriesTrade Show DisplaysVinyl Badge HoldersExecutive PensGel PensHighlighter Pen CombosHighlightersMarkersNovelty PensPen Stylus CombosPencilsPensWriting Gift SetsAuto, Health & Home - Rush ServiceBags & Totes - Rush ServiceDrinkware - Rush ServiceFun & Outdoors - Rush ServiceOffice - Rush ServiceTrade Shows & Events - Rush ServiceWriting - Rush Service   DealsPensLow Minimum ShopUSB Flash DrivesNew ProductsAwareness Items PensUSB Flash DrivesDrawstring BackpacksTechnology ItemsClipsTable Covers & ThrowsReusable Grocery Tote BagsTravel MugsPlastic BagsTotes"Nice quality of product, great selection to choose from, and customer service outstanding!"Shirleen, CAView Testimonials JULY 17thHow to Help Students Stay Hydrated 
To help students be their best, by encouraging good hydration habits...Read MoreShopping for Custom Promotional Products has never been easier, thanks to the Crestline Guarantee:Satisfaction GuaranteeYour custom imprinted product will be delivered exactly as you approved it, and your order will be free from material defect, or Crestline will refund your money.On-Time ShippingYour order of custom promotional products will ship in time to meet your agreed upon event date or your order is free!Price Beat GuaranteeWhen you shop with Crestline, we make your promo item transaction SImple.Smooth.Solved. Our team tirelessly the competition’s...Click here for more info.We Can Find Any Custom Imprinted Promotional ProductYour investment in brand promotion is important, and Crestline has access to over 100,000 different custom promotional items to help your brand stand out as unique and memorable. We're dedicated to helping you find ideal imprinted items to reach your target audience. We’ll also ship your order on time and on budget - guaranteed.Explore our popular custom promotional products categories such as branded USB drives, custom logo pens, imprinted promotional drinkware, custom logo tablecloths and promotional tradeshow giveaways. Our catalog and website are filled with great ideas, values, and swag for any event. If you can't find the branded merchandise you need, we'll find it for you!"Here is a company that could teach the world a thing or two about the value of stellar customer service." – Heather, CA Email Now Safe & Secure ShoppingShop ByApparelAuto, Health & HomeBags & TotesDrinkwareFun & OutdoorsOfficeRush ServiceTrade Shows & EventsWriting About Us About Crestline Education - White Papers Press Releases Request a Catalog Site Map Privacy & Security RSS Feeds Offers   Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Warranty & Guarantee Terms Of Use Frequently Asked Questions Shipping & Returns Promotional Calendar Social Media Free Artwork  











    Crestline Investors, Inc.
















About Crestline


Strategies


Careers


Register




Login




Secure Login

Email Address

Password
 
Accept our Terms & Conditions

You must accept our Terms & Conditions to enter the site.



Reset Password







Terms of Use
 
AGREEMENT TO TERMS OF USE
Please read the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Use") before using the Company Name. (the "Firm") website (the "Website").   Your access to and use of the Website is subject to these Terms of Use and all applicable laws and regulations.   The Terms of Use constitute a legal agreement between you and the Firm.   The Website is available only to, and may only be used by, individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law.   Without limiting the foregoing, the Website is not available to persons under age 18.   By accessing and using the Website, you accept, without qualification, these Terms of Use.   If you do not approve and accept these Terms of Use without qualification, you should exit the Website immediately.
 
PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE LIMITATIONThe Website is for your personal and non-commercial use.   The Firm grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable and limited personal license to access and use the Website, conditioned on your continued compliance with these Terms of Use.   You may not modify, copy (except as set forth below), distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, products or services obtained from the Website.   You may not link other websites to the Website without the Firm's prior written permission.   You may print one hard copy of the information and download one temporary copy of the information into one single computer's memory solely for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for distribution, provided that all relevant copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices are kept intact.   You may not allow others to use your user name or password to access or use any part of the Website.   If your password has been compromised for any reason, you should contact the Firm immediately for a new password.   If you provide your password to any third party, you will be solely responsible for any actions taken by such third party using your password.   All information on the non-public (i.e., password-restricted) areas of the Website is confidential and private and you may not disclose or distribute such information to any other person for any purpose and is made available solely for your personal use in connection with your investment activities.
You are prohibited from using the Website to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation.   You also are prohibited from using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Website for any purpose without the prior written permission of the Firm.   You may not take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure, interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website or any activities conducted on the Website, or bypass any measures that we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Website.   Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
 
NO SECURITIES OFFERING OR INVESTMENT ADVICEThe information on the Website is intended to enable investors to understand the nature of the Firm's financial advisory services.   It is not intended as and does not constitute investment advice or legal or tax advice or an offer to sell any securities to any person or a solicitation of any person of any offer to purchase any securities.   The information in the Website should not be construed as the Firm's endorsement, recommendation or sponsorship of any company or security.   There are inherent risks in relying on, using or retrieving any information found on the Website, and the Firm urges you to make sure that you understand these risks before relying on, using or retrieving any information on the Website.   You should evaluate the information made available through the Website, and you should seek the advice of professionals, as appropriate, to evaluate any opinion, advice, product, service or other information.
The Firm's services are designed to integrate with the services provided by its clients' other financial, legal and tax advisers, not to replace their services.   The Firm advises its clients from time to time on non-investment related matters, but clients must rely on their other professional advisers for final approval and/or implementation of non-investment matters.
 
You acknowledge that any of your requests for information are unsolicited and any information shall neither constitute nor be construed as investment advice from the Firm to you or to form an investment advisory relationship, or any other client relationship between you and the Firm or any of its affiliates or employees.   The Firm strongly recommends that you seek outside advice from a qualified securities professional.   The Firm does not guarantee the suitability or potential value of any particular investment or information source.   The Firm may invest or otherwise hold an interest in companies or securities that may be discussed on the Website.

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT COMPARABLEThe performance data presented on the Website reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings, and net figures reflect the deduction of expenses, management fees and incentive fees and allocations.
The Firm believes that the performance shown on the Website was generated with an investment philosophy and methodology similar to that described in the funds' respective Confidential Offering Circulars and Private Offering Memoranda and that the Firm would expect to use in the future.   Future investments, however, will be made under different economic conditions and in different securities and may be made using different investment strategies than were used during the times discussed herein.   Furthermore, the performance discussed herein reflects investment of limited funds for a limited period of time and does not reflect performance in different economic or market cycles.   You should not assume that any fund that the Firm advises will experience returns, if any, comparable to those described herein.   Past performance does not indicate future returns.   The performance results have not been compiled, reviewed or audited by an independent accountant.   Results for the current year are based on the internal books and records of each fund and are subject to adjustment when that fund's financial statements for the current year are audited.
 
The Firm believes that comparing each fund's performance to any single market index or other benchmark is or may be inappropriate.   These indices and benchmarks are provided for comparative purposes, but only as examples of general market performance.   Unlike these indices and benchmarks, each fund's portfolio may contain options (including covered and uncovered puts and calls) and other derivative securities, futures and other commodity interests and currencies, and may include short sales of securities, margin trading, securities of smaller capitalization companies and types of securities that are different than those reflected in these indices and benchmarks, and is not as diversified as these indices and benchmarks.   Due to the differences between the composition of a fund's portfolio and these indices and benchmarks, the Firm cautions potential investors that no such index or other benchmark is directly comparable to any fund.
 
TRUTHFUL INFORMATIONAs a condition to your use of the Website, you represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Firm that, all of the information that you provide shall be truthful, accurate and complete.
 
 
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITYTHE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE AND SERVICES PUBLISHED ON THIS WEBSITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.   DUE TO VARIOUS FACTORS, INCLUDING THE INHERENT POSSIBILITY OF HUMAN AND MECHANICAL ERROR, THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS AND CORRECT SEQUENCING OF SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE AND SERVICES AND THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THEIR USE ARE NOT GUARANTEED BY THE FIRM OR ANY PERSONS CREATING OR TRANSMITTING SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE AND SERVICES.
 
THE FIRM AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE CONTENT AND OPERATION OF THE SITE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. THE SITE MAY BE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE FROM TIME TO TIME DUE TO REQUIRED MAINTENANCE, TELECOMMUNICATIONS INTERRUPTIONS OR OTHER REASONS.
 
THE FIRM AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE FOR ANY PURPOSE.   ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.   THE FIRM AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND AVAILABILITY.   BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
 
YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.   YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, LOSS OF DATA OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE OR LOSS THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY CONTENT FROM THE SITE.   IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FIRM AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR ACCESS TO THIS WEBSITE OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE FIRM OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.   BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
 
THE FIRM AND ANY PERSON CREATING OR TRANSMITTING THE INFORMATION ON THE SITE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INFECTION BY VIRUSES OF OR DAMAGE TO ANY COMPUTER THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF, ACCESS TO OR DOWNLOADING OF SUCH INFORMATION.   IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED AT THE SITE OR WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF AND ACCESS TO THE SITE.
 
OWNERSHIP OF CONTENTThe Website and all of its content, including but not limited to all text, graphics, charts, audio, logos, images, data compilations, icons, code and software ("Content"), are the property of the Firm and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws, with all rights reserved unless otherwise noted.   All trademarks, service marks, trade names and other product and service names and logos displayed on the Website are proprietary to the Firm, including all registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks of the Firm.   If the Website includes any trademarks, service marks, trade names or logos of any third parties, such items are the proprietary marks and names of their respective owners, and are protected by applicable trademark and intellectual property laws.   Your use of any Content, whether owned by the Firm or any third party, without the Firm's express written permission, is strictly prohibited except as otherwise expressly permitted in these Terms of Use.   Without limiting the foregoing, you are prohibited from using any of the Firm's copyrighted material or trademarks for any purpose, including, but not limited to, use as metatags, links or otherwise on any website, without the prior written permission of the Firm.
 
PRIVACYTo the extent that the Firm collects any information from users of the Website, the collection and use of such information is governed by the Firm's Website Privacy Policy [insert hyperlink], which you should read before providing any information to the Firm.
 
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USEAs a condition to your use of the Website, you represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Firm that you will not use the Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use.
 
REFERENCES TO PUBLICATIONS AND OTHER COMPANIESReferences to any publication or any other company in the Website are for reference and informational purposes only and are not intended to suggest that any of such companies endorse, recommend or approve of the services, analysis or recommendations of the Firm or that the Firm endorses, recommends or approves the services or products of such companies.   News stories reflect only the author's opinion and not necessarily that of the Firm.
 
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITESThe Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than the Firm, which the Firm may not have been screened or reviewed and which may contain inaccurate, inappropriate or offensive material, products or services.   The Firm does not control such websites, and the Firm assumes no responsibility or liability regarding the accuracy, reliability, legality or decency of such third-party websites, content, products or services.   Such hyperlinks are provided for your convenience only.   The Firm's inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators.
 
 
MODIFICATION AND MONITORING OF WEBSITEThe Firm may, at its discretion, change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use at any time without notice to you.   We suggest that you check these Terms of Use periodically for changes.   These Terms of Use can be accessed from the link at the bottom of each page. If you use the Website after we post changes to these Terms of Use, you accept the changed Terms of Use.   The Firm expressly reserves the right to monitor any and all use of the Website.
 
TERMINATION AND CANCELLATIONThe Firm may modify or terminate the Website and terminate your access to the Website, without notice at any time and for any reason.
 
INDEMNITYYou agree, at your own expense, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Firm, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their officers, partners, managers, members, employees, agents, distributors and licensees, from and against any judgments, losses, deficiencies, damages, liabilities, costs, claims, demands, suits, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) incurred in, arising out of or in any way related to your breach of these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, your use of the Website or any product or service related thereto, or any of your other acts or omissions.
 
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES AND APPLICABLE LAWUnless otherwise specified, the Firm controls and operates the Website from its offices within the State of Illinois, United States of America.
 
"       The Firm does not claim that materials in the Website are appropriate or available for use in locations other than Illinois.   If you choose to access the Website from other locations, you do so on your own initiative, and you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
 
"       Software from the Website is further subject to United States export controls.   Software from the Website may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or reexported outside the United States.   By downloading or using such software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any country or territory outside of the United States.
 
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to its choice of law provisions.   You hereby consent to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction and venue of courts in the City and county of Chicago, Illinois which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any and all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use, the use of the Website or any product or service related thereto.   Use of the Website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph.
 
GENERALYou agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and the Firm as a result of these Terms of Use or use of the Website.
 
The Firm's performance of these Terms of Use is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing in these Terms of Use is in derogation of the Firm's right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Website or information provided to or gathered by the Firm with respect to such use.
 
If any part of these Terms of Use is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms of Use shall continue in effect.
 
By reviewing or using the information on the Website after accessing the Website, you represent and warrant that (a) you have the authority to enter into these Terms of Use and create a binding contractual obligation, (b) you understand and intend these Terms of Use to be the legal equivalent of a signed, written contract equally binding, and (c) you will use the information on the Website in a manner consistent with applicable laws and regulations in accordance with these Terms of Use, as the Firm may amend them online or otherwise from time to time.   A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based on or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
 
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and the Firm with respect to the Website and they supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and the Firm with respect to the Website.
 
You agree to be bound by any agreement or consent you transmit to or through the Website via any media or electronic device, including internet, telephone and wireless devices.









Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Disclosures


Contact Us



© 2017 Crestline     Powered by Backstop












Andrey Panna, Crestline Management LP: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Andrey Panna

Managing Director,
Crestline Management LP






Career History




Managing Director
Crestline Investors Inc, 7/2015-PRESENT


Managing Director
Crestline Management LP, PRESENT


Portfolio Manager
Tenax Capital, 4/2012-6/2015


Managing Director, Co-Head of Distressed Debt Research
UBS Ltd, 1/2010-4/2012



Credit Suisse Securities, 3/1998-3/2009


Associate:Equity Research
Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette/Princeton, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.crestlineinvestors.com






Corporate Information
Address:

201 Main Street
Suite 1900
Fort Worth, TX 76102
United States


Phone:
1-817-339-7600


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.crestlineinvestors.com











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Crestline Management LP






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,797  0.39% AppleAlphabetMicrosoftJohnson Johnson






World
US















Crestline Management  L.P.

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameCrestline Management  L.P.SEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 2.56 B Contact Details LocationFort Worth, TexasAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.crestlineinvestors.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out Crestline-Management-LP and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Cumbie Advisory Services Fort Worth TX 0 Diesslin & Associates Inc Fort Worth TX 0 Trugent Capital  L.P. Fort Worth TX 0 Moneymanagers Direct. Com  LP Fort Worth TX 0 Bley Investment Group  Inc. Fort Worth TX 0 First Command Bank Fort Worth TX 0 Phillips Ray Capital Management  In Fort Worth TX 0 Knight Financial Services Fort Worth TX 0 Kleinheinz Capital Partners  Inc. Fort Worth TX 0 Green Investment Management Inc Fort Worth TX 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets












































John S. Cochran - Chief Financial Officer at Crestline Investors, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





John S. Cochran
Chief Financial Officer at Crestline Investors, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Awards & Honors 


John S. Cochran
Chief Financial Officer at Crestline Investors, Inc.



 Overview



Notable Companies


Crestline Management LP

Crestline Investors, Inc.




Awards



1





Board Seats



3





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 157 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Douglas Kelvin Bratton

Managing Partner at Crestline Investors, Inc.




Caroline A. Cooley

Partner at Crestline Investors, Inc.





Keith Williams

Partner at Crestline Investors, Inc.




Nowlin Randolph

Managing Director & Head, Research at Crestline Investors, Inc.





Frank  Jordan

Managing Director & Head of Business Development & Client Partnerships at Crestline Investors, Inc.




Jesus Humberto Payan

Chief Legal Officer at Crestline Management LP





Michael Bewick Guy

Chief Investment Officer, Europe at Crestline Investors, Inc.




Greg B. Brown

Founder at Healthcare Royalty Management LLC





Myron Lieberman

Operating Executive at Tri-Artisan Capital Partners LLC




Frank J. Tanki

Former Senior Partner at Coopers and Lybrand LLP







See 147 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 147 More 


 


 Paths to John S. Cochran



            John S. Cochran          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 John S. Cochran






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with John S. Cochran.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



BBA in Accounting 
Class of 1989 


Texas Christian University

                  Texas Christian University (TCU) is a private, coeducational university located in Fort Worth, Texas. The campus is located on 272 acres (1.10 km2) about three miles (8 km) from downtown Fort Worth. TCU is affiliated with, but not governed by, the Disciples of Christ. Its mascot is the "horned frog", and women's teams are known as the Lady Frogs. For most varsity sports TCU competes in the Big 12 conference of the NCAA's Division I. The university enrolls around 9,725 students, with 8,456 being undergraduates. As of October 2011, TCU's total endowment was $1.2 billion.                





 Career History



Chief Operating Officer

                                    2001 - Current                


Crestline Management LP


                  Crestline Management provides investment management services on a discretionary basis to private pooled investment funds and private managed accounts (single investor funds) that employ either a diversified low volatility strategy or an opportunistic investing strategy (blending fund of funds, private equity and direct investing seeking to capitalize on current market dislocations and inefficiencies). The firm also provides beta solution services to certain funds and investors. The low volatility strategy, opportunistic investing strategy and beta solution services are Crestline Management's three core lines of business. With respect to non-beta solution services, Crestline Management is primarily a fund-of-funds manager/advisor.Crestline Management provides discretionary investment advisory services to funds with investment strategies that are generally either diversified low volatility fund-of-funds or opportunistic investing funds (including distressed investment and secondary trade funds). The firm also offers beta solutions that customize portfolio overlay and hedging solutions for institutional investors according to the governing documents of the relevant fund or investor. Beta management can be applied as a means of providing portable alpha and other beta management applications, such as portfolio hedging.Crestline Management's funds generally allocate assets to a variety of portfolio managers through direct investments in underlying private funds (partnerships, limited liability companies, corporations or similar limited liability entities), through acquisition of investments in underlying private funds managed by portfolio managers through the secondary market and, in certain instances, through discretionary managed accounts, single purpose entities, entities consisting primarily of Crestline-advised funds or through swaps or other similar products. In addition, certain funds make direct investments in securities, as opposed to via an investment in an underlying private fund. The underlying private funds in which Crestline Management invests pursue a variety of absolute return or event-driven strategies including, without limitation, convertible arbitrage, derivative arbitrage, distressed securities/bank debt, bank loans, fixed income arbitrage, market-neutral equity, capital structure arbitrage, CTAs/managed futures, financing strategies, equity long/short, commodity relative value, credit/structured products, credit relative value, merger arbitrage and special situations/other.                




Partner

                                    1998 - Current                


Bratton Capital Management LP






Chief Financial Officer

                                    Current                


Crestline Investors, Inc.


                  Crestline Investors, Inc. provides investment advisory services. It serves investment vehicles, institutions, and individuals. It employs a quantitative and qualitative analysis with multiple hedge fund strategies to make its investments. The company was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Fort Worth, TX.                




Senior Vice President-Business Development

                                    2012 - Prior                


MCR LLC


                  MCR LLC provides integrated program management services. It offers strategic planning, cost and schedule analysis, acquisition management, and program assessment solutions to government and commercial clients. The company was founded in 1977 and is headquartered in McLean, VA.                




Professional

                                    1989 - 1998                


KPMG Peat Marwick LLP


                  KPMG Peat Marwick LLP is an accounting firm that provides auditing services to its clients.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    2004 - Current                  


MonoSol Rx, Inc.

                    MonoSol Rx, Inc. specializes in the drug delivery technology. It develops, manufactures, and commercializes pharmaceutical films, individual film doses, and finished products for patients, physicians, and caregivers. The company was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Warren, NJ.                  




Member, Advisory Board

                    Current                  


Dunrath Capital, Inc.

                    Dunrath Capital focuses on investments in early- and growth-stage companies that deliver infrastructure surety products and services. This includes products and services that identify, protect or defend against threats to modern infrastructures. The firm invests with particular emphasis in growth equity situations. They invest in promising companies across all stages of development, with emphasis in growth equity situations involving US-based companies. Dunrath Capital also advises select clients and management teams to help them achieve their strategic objectives through targeted mergers, acquisitions and special situations transactions.The firm manages two funds: Dunrath Partners and the Dunrath Capital Infrastructure Surety Fund LP.Dunrath Partners is an early-stage commercialization fund that focuses primarily in the same industries as the Dunrath Capital Infrastructure Surety Fund. The fund's strategy is to be the first investor in infrastructure surety-driven companies that seek to create new markets and to capitalize on significant growth potential. The fund has invested in two portfolio companies: Nuron and Arxan. Nuron was purchased by Intel Corporation. Arxan remains the fund's only portfolio company.The Dunrath Capital Infrastructure Surety Fund LP is a Delaware limited partnership formed for the purpose of making private equity investments in companies that provide goods and services for the protection of modern infrastructures. The fund invests in companies that provide products and services that address the need to protect infrastructure at every level including digital, physical, personal, enterprise and national.                  




Chief Operating Officer, Director & Vice President

                    Current                  


Crestline Investors, Inc.

                    Crestline Investors, Inc. provides investment advisory services. It serves investment vehicles, institutions, and individuals. It employs a quantitative and qualitative analysis with multiple hedge fund strategies to make its investments. The company was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Fort Worth, TX.                  





 Awards & Honors




                  Professional Certification                




CPA (Certified Public Accountant)

                                    Sponsored by
                  American Institute of Certified Public Accountants






 Other Affiliations




              John S. Cochran is affiliated with
                            Crestline Management LP, Bratton Capital Management LP, Crestline Investors, Inc., MCR LLC, KPMG Peat Marwick LLP, MonoSol Rx, Inc., Dunrath Capital, Inc., Crestline Investors, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 











  Our Team -   Crestline Investors, Inc.
















About Crestline


Strategies


Careers


Register




Login




Secure Login

Email Address

Password
 
Accept our Terms & Conditions

You must accept our Terms & Conditions to enter the site.



Reset Password


















About Crestline


Firm Highlights


Our Team


Credit Opportunities


Specialty Lending


Crestline Denali Capital


Summit Equity Alpha


Hedge Fund Solutions


Beta & Hedging Solutions


Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings


Press Releases










Partners
Credit & Opportunistic Strategies
Crestline Denali Capital
Summit Equity Alpha
Hedge Fund Solutions
Beta & Hedging Solutions
Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings
Client Partnership Group




Partners
 

Douglas Brattonview bio
Founding Partner & Chief Investment Officer
 
Caroline Cooleyview bio
Partner, CIO - Hedge Fund Strategies
 
John Cochranview bio
Partner, COO
 
Keith Williamsview bio
Partner
 


Summit Equity Alpha
 

Philip Harris
Managing Director / Head of Equity Strategies
 
Neilson Arbour, CFA
Managing Director
 


Hedge Fund Solutions
 

David Finch, CFA
Managing Director / Senior Portfolio Manager
 
Jeff Marcinowski, CFA
Director - Credit
 


Credit & Opportunistic Strategies
 

Keith Williamsview bio
Partner
 
Michael Guyview bio
CIO, Europe / Senior Portfolio Manager
 
Andrey Pannaview bio
Managing Director
 
Sanjeev Sarkarview bio
Managing Director
 
Chris Sempleview bio
Managing Director
 
Rahul Vaidview bio
Managing Director
 
Jonathan Ben-Horinview bio
Director
 
William Palmerview bio
Director
 
Alfonso Ramirezview bio
Director
 
Jeremiah Loeffler, CPAview bio
COO, Credit & Opportunistic Strategies
 


Crestline Denali Capital
 

David Killionview bio
CEO
 
Greg Cooperview bio
Senior Managing Director
 
John Thackerview bio
Chief Credit Officer
 


Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings

 
Dave Philipp, CFA, CAIAview bio
Managing Director, Head of Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings Group
 
Amit Mahajanview bio
Managing Director, CIO of Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings Group
 
Paul Choyview bio
Senior Advisor
 
GR Christonview bio
Director
 
Matthew Katzview bio
Director
 
Michael Richview bio
Director
 
Daniel Gabay, CFAview bio
Senior Associate
 
Tim Kuhnenview bio
Senior Analyst
 


Beta & Hedging Solutions
 
Scott Henshawview bio
Vice President
 


Strategic Partnerships
 

Paul Robson, CFAview bio
President - Crestline Canada
 


Client Partnership Group
 

Frank Jordanview bio
Managing Director
Head of Business Development and Client Partnerships
 
Bill Braxtonview bio
Managing Director
 
Sean Gannonview bio
Managing Director
 
Chris Golioview bio
Managing Director
 
David Mabryview bio
Managing Director
 

Graham Officerview bio
Managing Director
 
Paul Robson, CFAview bio
President - Crestline Canada
 



 
For additional team members, please Login by clicking on the link at the top right-hand corner of this page. If you are not yet registered, please go to our Register page to request login credentials.
 
 
 
 











Douglas Bratton
Founding Partner & Chief Investment Officer
 
Mr. Bratton is Founding Partner of Crestline Investors, Inc., the general partner of Crestline Management, L.P., the manager of a diversified family of investment products. He is the Chair of the Investment and Executive Committees. Mr. Bratton has been an investment professional with organizations utilizing alternative asset strategies since 1983. He has extensive experience in hedge fund management, multi-strategy portfolio construction, private equity and venture capital. Since 1989, Mr. Bratton has managed portfolios using these strategies on behalf of organizations associated with the Bass family. During this period, he has also negotiated alternative asset related purchases and joint ventures for Bass and Crestline entities. These include: lift-outs of proprietary trading groups, seeding of asset managers and the acquisition of investment management organizations.
 
Mr. Bratton has been President of Crestline Investors, Inc. since 1997. Prior to founding Crestline Investors, he spent six years with Taylor & Company, an investment organization associated with members of the Bass family. From 1989 to 1991, Mr. Bratton was a partner of the Airlie Group, L.P. where he managed the merger arbitrage and special situation portfolio. From 1988 to 1989, Mr. Bratton was employed by Investment, L.P. as a partner in the Merger Arbitrage group. From 1984 to 1988, Mr. Bratton served as Vice President in the Merger Arbitrage group for Smith Barney Harris Upham and Company. Mr. Bratton received a B.S. from North Carolina State University in 1981 and a Masters of Business Administration with Honors from Duke University in 1984.


















Caroline Cooley
Partner/ CIO – Hedge Fund Strategies
 
Ms. Cooley is Chief Investment Officer of Crestline’s Hedge Fund Strategies business and leads the Oversight Committee for Crestline Summit Equity Alpha fund. She also serves on the firm’s Investment and Executive Committees. Ms. Cooley has over 33 years of experience in the alternative investment industry as a portfolio manager, risk manager and trader. Ms. Cooley has led the Hedge Fund Solutions team at Crestline, overseeing manager selection and portfolio management, since joining the firm in 1998. Before joining Crestline, Ms. Cooley was a derivatives trader and risk manager with Taylor and Company, an investment firm associated with the Bass Family of Fort Worth, TX. Ms. Cooley began her career in the investment industry at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company (later merged into JP Morgan) in New York and Chicago after receiving her B.A. in Economics from The College of William and Mary in 1983. Ms. Cooley serves on the Advisory Board of Texas Wall Street Women and is the Vice-Chair of the Investment Advisory Committee of Texas Employee Retirement System.












John Cochran
Partner, COO
 
Mr. Cochran serves as the Chief Operating Officer of Crestline. He is a member of the Executive Committee and the Investment Committee. Mr. Cochran has 27 years of experience in various segments of the investment industry including private equity, venture capital and hedge funds. Prior to joining the Firm in October 1998, he spent 10 years with KPMG L.L.P. (“KPMG”). During his employment at KPMG, Mr. Cochran received extensive industry experience through his position as an auditor and focus in the Merger and Acquisition area. During his tenure at KPMG, a majority of his time was spent working with various hedge funds, investment companies, private equity firms, venture capital groups and broker dealers performing both audit and financial due diligence services. Mr. Cochran is a CPA and received a B.B.A. in Accounting from Texas Christian University in 1987.











Sam Levens, CFA
Managing Director / Senior Portfolio Manager
 
Sam Levens, CFA, Managing Director, Senior Portfolio Manager, joined Crestline in 2006. Mr. Levens is a member of the Investment Committee and leads our Diversified Funds’ portfolio management. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Levens was a long/short equity portfolio manager for FlyLine Partners, a hedge fund. His experience includes equity research within the convertible and risk arbitrage sectors and on special situations and private equity investments. Additional experience includes researching, modeling and making investment recommendations within the equity markets. Mr. Levens has a B.B.A. with honors from Texas Christian University and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.









Neilson Arbour, CFA
Managing Director
 
Neilson Arbour, CFA, Managing Director, joined Crestline in 2007 and is currently the Managing Director of Equities and Associate Portfolio Manager for Crestline Summit Equity Alpha Fund. Prior to joining the firm, he held various positions within equity sales and trading at JPMorgan, with an emphasis on equity research and capital market transactions. Mr. Arbour's primary focus was generating and tailoring potential equity trades for hedge funds and institutional clients. His previous experience includes equity research at an institutional, long-only investment firm. Mr. Arbour holds a BBA in Finance from Texas Christian University, is a CFA charterholder, and is a member of the Dallas-Fort Worth Society of Financial Analysts.










Glenn Bearden, CPA
Managing Director
 
Glenn Bearden, CPA, Managing Director, joined Crestline in 2001 and directs our Portfolio Construction/Middle Office group. Prior to joining the firm, he spent 10 years at Taylor & Company, where he was responsible for the management of hedge fund back office operations and the settlement of complex derivative and fixed income products. While at Taylor & Company, he also monitored and maintained currency hedging, collateral balances, and managerial risk reporting. Prior to joining Taylor & Company, Mr. Bearden worked at KPMG for three years, where his responsibilities included auditing public and private companies. He has a B.B.A. in Accounting with honors from The University of Texas at Arlington.












Jeff Marcinowski, CFA
Director - Credit
 
Jeff Marcinowski, CFA, Director of Credit Strategies, joined Crestline in 2006 and is Director of Credit strategies for the Diversified Funds. Mr. Marcinowski worked with the portfolio construction team prior to joining the credit strategy group in 2008. Mr. Marcinowski has a B.B.A. in Finance from Texas Christian University.













Philip M. Harris
Managing Director / Head of Equity Strategies
 
Philip M. Harris, Managing Director, Head of Equity Strategies, joined Crestline in May 2015. Mr. Harris is responsible for the development of Crestline’s equity strategies and is the portfolio manager of the Crestline Summit Equity Alpha fund. Prior to joining Crestline, Mr. Harris was a Managing Director at Lighthouse Investments responsible for investments in U.S. Equity strategies. Prior to joining Lighthouse Investments, Mr. Harris held a similar role at GAM. Before moving into the alternative investment arena, he managed sales and research in equity derivatives and convertible bonds at UBS and predecessor company SBC Warburg. Mr. Harris has a B.A. Honors in Economics from Durham University, United Kingdom.











Jeff Tack, CFA
Director - Fixed Income
 
Jeff Tack, CFA, Director of Fixed Income Strategies, Mr. Tack joined Crestline in 2012 and is the Director of Fixed Income strategies for Crestline’s Diversified Funds. Prior to joining the firm Mr. Tack was a Senior Portfolio Manager for ABN AMRO North America, and then he served as Director of Hedge Fund Selection with Amundi Alternative Investments. Mr. Tack received his MBA from the University of Chicago and his BBA from the University of Michigan.










Graham Ballard
Analyst - Equities
 
Graham Ballard, CAIA, Analyst, joined Crestline in 2012 and focuses on equity fund research and monitoring for our Diversified Funds. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Ballard worked as an Investment Analyst with the Texas Permanent School Fund in Austin. Mr. Ballard received his BS in Finance from the University of Kansas.









Sasha Aldridge
Junior Analyst
 
Sasha Aldridge, Junior Analyst, joined Crestline in 2012 and assists the Diversified Funds’ portfolio monitoring and pipeline tracking processes. Prior to joining the Firm, Ms. Aldridge worked at Saxon Mortgage. Ms. Aldridge received her B.S. degree in International Economics from Texas Christian University.






Jim Shaw
Analyst / Trader
 
Jim Shaw, Analyst/Trader, joined Crestline in 2005 and works in our Portfolio Construction group.  Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Shaw spent 13 years as an investment professional and operations analyst at Taylor & Company and Barbnet Investment Co., two of the investment organizations associated with members of the Bass family.  His experience includes operations, financial and risk management, as well as portfolio monitoring and hedging, involved with both domestic and international markets.  Mr. Shaw has a B.S. from Texas A&M University.





Jessica Spruiell
Senior Middle Office Analyst
 
Jessica Spruiell, Senior Middle Office Analyst, joined Crestline in 2008 and focuses on our Diversified Funds’ portfolio construction.  Prior to joining the Firm, Ms. Spruiell worked as an analyst for Countrywide Commercial Real Estate Finance.  Ms. Spruiell has a B.S. from Texas Christian University.






Matthew Cave
Analyst - Opportunistic Strategies
 
Matthew Cave, CPA, Middle Office Senior Analyst, joined Crestline in 2010 and assists the middle office with a focus on Opportunistic Strategies.   Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Cave spent over 7 years working as an accountant at Q Investments.  Mr. Cave also has experience as an auditor for PricewaterhouseCoopers and has a B.B.A. and a Masters of Accountancy from Abilene Christian University.






Cathleen Redus
Middle Office Senior Analyst
 
Cathleen Redus, Middle Office Senior Analyst, joined Crestline in 2011 and is part of our Portfolio Construction group focusing on the Diversified Funds  Prior to joining the Firm, Ms. Redus was a Senior Associate Auditor with KPMG where she specialized in private equity clients.  Ms. Redus is a CPA and has both her B.B.A in Accounting and Finance and a Masters in Accounting from Texas Christian University.






Yousuf Huda
Middle Office Analyst
 
Yousuf Huda, CAIA, Middle Office Analyst, joined Crestline in 2011 and currently performs Opportunistic Strategies’ portfolio construction. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Huda interned with Crestline during the summer of 2011. Mr. Huda has his BBA in Finance from the University of Texas at Arlington.








David Finch, CFA
Managing Director / Senior Portfolio Manager
 
David S. Finch, CFA, Managing Director, joined Crestline in 2009 from Northwater where he directed the hedge fund investment teams in Toronto and New York. At Crestline Canada, Mr. Finch is responsible for research on Canadian-based hedge fund managers, portfolio management of specific client portfolios and developing customized solutions to meet clients’ total portfolio needs, including hedging and portfolio rebalancing strategies. Prior to joining Northwater in 2002, Mr. Finch was a Vice President and Portfolio Manager for ING Investment Management Inc., where he had responsibility for derivative, option replication, fixed income, and index portfolios. Mr. Finch also designed optimal portfolios for ING’s insurance companies, incorporating their unique liability characteristics and tax and regulatory constraints. Mr. Finch holds an Honors Bachelor of Commerce degree from Queen’s University. He has received the designation of Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) from the CFA Institute and is a member of the Toronto CFA Society.










Scott Henshaw
Vice President / Head of Beta Management
 
Scott C. Henshaw, CFA, V.P. Head of Beta Management, joined Crestline from Northwater and leads the Beta Portfolio Management and Trading team. While at Northwater he led the Structuring team which designed and implemented customized hedging and portfolio design solutions for institutional clients, as well as the Trading team which executed the daily derivatives trading and monitoring duties. Prior to Northwater, Mr. Henshaw worked as an investment banker (M&A and telecom/media services) at UBS. Mr. Henshaw holds a B.A. (Honours) Economics degree from Queen’s University, an M.A. (Economics) from the University of Victoria, and a M.B.A from the Rotman School of Management, University of Toronto.






Umar Malik
Vice President
 
Umar Malik, CFA, Vice President, joined Crestline in 2009 from Northwater and works in our Beta & Hedging Strategies team. At Northwater he structured, established and maintained hedge fund investment vehicles, derivative arrangements, and portable alpha and liability-driven investment structures targeted at institutional investors.  Prior to joining Northwater in 2005, Mr. Malik was an investment banking analyst at JPMorgan where he worked on debt financings, including leveraged buyouts, recapitalizations, acquisitions, and distressed situations.  Mr. Malik holds a BA with honors from Franklin & Marshall College and an MBA from the University of Toronto.







Curt Futch
Managing Director / Senior Portfolio Manager
 
Curt Futch, Managing Director, Senior Portfolio Manager, Mr. Futch serves as a Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager of the firm and is responsible for co-managing Crestline’s Opportunistic Strategies Group.  Mr. Futch joined Crestline in 2006.  Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Futch was a member of the Credit Group at Q Investments, where he was primarily responsible for sourcing, evaluating and executing private equity transactions. He also served as a Vice President with the BNP Paribas Merchant Banking Group which is a provider of capital for leverage buyouts, strategic acquisitions, leveraged buildups and recapitalizations. Additionally, Mr. Futch was Vice President of Thomas Weisel Capital Partners, a private equity fund focused on buyouts, buildups and late stage growth investments.  He began his career in San Francisco, working in investment banking at BancAmerica Securities and Montgomery Securities. Mr. Futch graduated magna cum laude with a B.A. from Vanderbilt University.










James Favero
Director
 
James Favero, Director, Associate Portfolio Manager, Mr. Favero joined Crestline in 2011 and serves as a Director and Associate Portfolio Manager in the Opportunistic Strategies Group.  Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Favero worked as a Vice President at private equity firm Battery Ventures, focusing on buyouts and equity investments in the industrial technologies sector.  Prior to Battery, he spent four years as a member of the private equity team at Audax Group, a middle-market leveraged buyout firm, investing nearly $200 million of equity capital across 13 companies during his tenure.  While at Audax, Mr. Favero also co-founded and led the firm’s Asia Pacific office in Shenzhen, China, established to identify investment opportunities in Asia and to improve operating efficiencies of existing portfolio companies.  Mr. Favero began his career as an investment banker with CIBC World Markets and D.A. Davidson & Co and received a BS in International Finance from the Marriott School at Brigham Young University.











Matt McCutchen
Director
 
Matt McCutchen, Director, Associate Portfolio Manager, Mr. McCutchen joined Crestline in 2011 as an Associate Director in the Opportunistic Strategies Group.  Prior to joining the firm, Mr. McCutchen served as a Vice President at Prophet Equity, a private equity firm which makes control investments in distressed companies and special situations.  He also served as a Senior Associate at Sun Capital Partners, a private equity firm which makes control investments in turnaround and distressed companies.  Mr. McCutchen began his career in New York City, working in the investment banking division of Citigroup (formerly known as Salomon Smith Barney).  Mr. McCutchen received his B.S. and M.S. in Accounting from the University of Florida.










Rahul Vaid
Managing Director
 
Rahul Vaid, Manager Director, joined Crestline in 2015 and focuses on our Opportunistic Strategies. Prior to joining Crestline, Mr. Vaid was Co-Founder and Managing Director of Frontier Investment Holdings. At Frontier, Mr. Vaid was responsible for sourcing, acquiring and managing secondary credit assets, hedge fund side pocket assets and direct deal investment opportunities. Prior to Frontier, Mr. was General Partner of Pacesetter Capital Group where he sourced, led and managed investments in technology and middle-market companies across growth equity, venture capital and debt investments. He also founded a closed-end high yield debt fund and served as its President and CEO. Mr. Vaid has a Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Telecommunications from Government College of Engineering Pune India, and Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering and Master of Engineering Management from Dartmouth College.








Jonathan Ben-Horin
Director
 
Jonathan Ben-Horin, Director, joined Crestline in 2016 in the Opportunistic Strategies Group. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Ben-Horin was a Principal with Elm Park Capital Management. In this role, Mr. Ben-Horin was responsible for investing and managing private debt capital across multiple sectors in the business services, technology and light manufacturing industries. Prior to that, he was an investment professional with Caltius Capital Management, a lower middle-market private equity firm where he focused on buyout and growth equity opportunities. Prior to Caltius, Mr. Ben-Horin worked as an investment banker with Houlihan Lokey and Morgan Stanley. He graduated from the University of California at Berkeley with a B.A. in Political Science and received his M.B.A. from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.











Matthew Katz
Director
 
Mr. Katz joined Crestline in 2014 and is a Director for the Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings group. Mr. Katz has more than 19 years of investment banking and principal investment experience, predominately involving the recapitalization of privately-owned growth companies in the middle market. Prior to joining Crestline, Mr. Katz was a Managing Director with FdG Associates LP, a New York-based private equity firm. At FdG, he sourced and executed investment opportunities, and worked closely with portfolio company management teams on critical path issues including the development of strategic growth plans; building organizational infrastructure; capital allocation and financing structures; and mergers and acquisitions. Prior to joining FdG, Mr. Katz was an investment banker with Lehman Brothers in the Global Natural Resources group. Focusing primarily on mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance, his responsibilities included valuation, transaction structuring, as well as company and industry analysis. Mr. Katz holds a B.A. degree in History (concentration in Colonial and Revolutionary America) from Williams College.
















William Palmer
Director
 
William Palmer, Director, joined Crestline in 2015 in the Opportunistic Strategies Group. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Palmer was Vice President for the Special Situations Group at Goldman Sachs where he evaluated potential investments ranging from senior debt to preferred equity and warrant investments. Mr. Palmer began his career as a financial analyst with Houlihan Lokey Howard & Zukin. Mr. Palmer graduated magna cum laude with a B.B.A. in Finance and Accounting from Texas Christian University.










Andrew Bernstein
Associate
 
Andrew Bernstein, Vice President, Mr. Bernstein joined Crestline in 2011 and is a member of the Opportunistic Strategies Group. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Bernstein worked at Berkshire Capital Securities LLC and Milestone Advisors LLC.  Mr. Bernstein has his B.S.B.A. in Accounting and Finance from Washington University in St. Louis. Mr. Bernstein also has his M.P.A. in Accounting from the University of Texas, McCombs School of Business.






Matthew Walters
Associate
 
Matt Walters, CFA, Vice President, Mr. Walters  joined Crestline in 2011 as an Associate in the Opportunistic Strategies Group.  Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Walters worked as an Associate for Blackstreet Capital Management where he focused on distressed and turnaround investing.  He began his career as an Investment Banking Analyst at Stephens, Inc.  Mr. Walters graduated summa cum laude with a B.B.A. and M.S. from Seton Hall University.






William Wennerth
Associate
 
William Wennerth, Vice President, Mr. Wennerth joined Crestline in 2010 as an Associate in the Opportunistic Strategies Group.  Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Wennerth was an investment banker in Citigroup’s Middle Market M&A Group where he focused on mergers, divestitures, acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, recapitalizations and capital raises for numerous privately-held companies.  Mr. Wennerth began his career in Chicago as an Investment Banking Analyst in the Global Industries Group at Banc of America Securities.  Mr. Wennerth has a B.A. with honors from the University of Chicago.






Michael Ramsey
Analyst
 
Michael Ramsey, Analyst, Mr. Ramsey joined Crestline in 2012 as an Analyst in the Opportunistic Strategies Group.  Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Ramsey received his Masters of Finance degree from Vanderbilt University, Owen Graduate School of Management. Mr. Ramsey graduated summa cum laude with degrees in Civil Engineering and Finance from Auburn University.






Joseph Scala
Analyst
 
Joseph Scala, Analyst, Mr. Scala joined Crestline in 2012 as an Analyst in the Opportunistic Strategies Group. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Scala received his Master of Business Administration from Seton Hall University. Mr. Scala graduated with a BA in Economics from Amherst College.






Nick Huerta
Associate
 
Nick Huerta, Associate, Mr. Huerta joined Crestline in 2013 as an Analyst in the Opportunistic Strategies Group. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Huerta was an Analyst at Goldman, Sachs & Co. Mr. Huerta received his BBA from The University of Texas at Austin.







Keith Williams
Partner
 
Mr. Williams joined Crestline in 2012 and is Senior Portfolio Manager for Crestline's Opportunistic and Private Credit Strategies. Prior to joining Crestline, Mr. Williams spent the majority of his investing career at Goldman Sachs' Special Situations Group where he developed and implemented liquid and illiquid distressed investing strategies and was responsible for deal sourcing and execution for private debt strategies. In addition to his investing experience, Mr. Williams provided restructuring and turnaround services to distressed or underperforming companies while working with McKinsey & Company and a nationally recognized restructuring boutique. Mr. Williams has a BBA in Finance from Southern Methodist University and a MBA from Rice University.








Michael Guy
CIO, Europe / Senior Portfolio Manager
 
Mr. Guy joined Crestline in 2015 and is Chief Investment Officer of Crestline, Europe. Mr. Guy most recently founded and was Senior Portfolio Manager of the Tenax Credit Opportunities Fund, one of the first private credit funds of its type in Europe. Prior to this he was Managing Director and co-Head of Bank of America Merrill Lynch's Global Loans and Special Situations Group, EMEA from 2009 to 2012. He held a similar role for Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette/Credit Suisse, managing that firm's market-leading Distressed and Special Situations business in Europe for over 10 years. He began his professional career at JP Morgan in New York in 1989. He holds an MBA from Harvard Business School, an MA from Oxford University, was an Associate at McKinsey and Company and served as a Troop Commander in the British Army in Germany.









Sanjeev Sarkar
Managing Director
 
Sanjeev Sarkar, Managing Director, was previously a venture partner at a private equity fund which invests in mid-market special situations. Previously, Sanjeev was a senior analyst at ADM Capital, a $2.3 bn distressed debt/special situations fund, where he was responsible for evaluating and structuring investments in distressed and high yield credits in Europe. Sanjeev has more than seven years of buy side experience and has structured new facilities, been involved in workouts, invested in complex transactions (equity and debt) and managed operational turnarounds. Sanjeev has worked with Michael Guy as a buy-side counterparty since 2005 and has worked with him on establishing the fund since its inception. Prior to starting his investment career, he worked for Arthur Andersen and Ernst & Young for six years.









Andrey Panna
Managing Director
 
Andrey Panna, Managing Director, was previously Managing Director and Co-Head of European Distressed Debt Research and Special Situations at UBS. He has over 14 years of distressed debt and credit opportunities investing, corporate finance and equity research experience at leading investment banks. Prior to UBS, Andrey worked for over four years in the European Distressed Debt Group at Credit Suisse as Senior Analyst and Portfolio Manager in Michael Guy’s team. Previously, he worked in the utilities and energy group in corporate finance at Credit Suisse/Donaldson Lufkin and Jenrette. He also worked as an equity research associate at Donaldson Lufkin and Jenrette.








Chris Semple
Managing Director
 
Chris Semple, Managing Director, Associate Portfolio Manager, joined Crestline in 2011 and is responsible for Crestline’s Opportunistic and Private Credit Strategies. Prior to joining Crestline, Mr. Semple was Vice President in the Special Situations Group for Goldman Sachs where he was responsible for originating, underwriting, executing and managing middle market debt and equity investment opportunities. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Mr. Semple worked as a credit analyst within the Special Opportunities Group for TQA Investors, focusing on liquid credits as well as managing a long only convertible bond fund. Mr. Semple has a B.A. in Economics from the University of Texas at Austin. Mr. Semple currently serves on the Board of Directors of Urgent Team Holdings, Inc. and Carepayment Technologies, Inc.








Alfonso Ramirez
Director
 
Alfonso Ramirez, Director, joined Crestline in 2015 in the Opportunistic Strategies Group. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Ramirez was a Senior Director for FTI Consulting, Inc. in the corporate restructuring practice. In this role, Mr. Ramirez spent over six years providing restructuring advisory and turnaround services to distressed or underperforming companies. Prior to joining FTI, Mr. Ramirez was a Vice President at Goldman Sachs where he spent five years within the Special Situations Group. He was responsible screening and structuring first-lien, second-lien, and subordinated debt investments, as well as minority equity investments in select transactions. Mr. Ramirez also worked at the Archon Group a real estate investment and mortgage loan company. He spent four years in underwriting and the portfolio management of investments in commercial office, industrial, and retail properties. Mr. Ramirez graduated from Harvard University with a B.A. in Government.









W.B. "Bud" Kirchner
Senior Advisor and Portfolio Operating Partner
 
W.B. “Bud” Kirchner, Senior Advisor and Portfolio Operating Partner, Mr. Kirchner joined Crestline in 2013 and is the Senior Advisor and Portfolio Operating PartnerMr. Kirchner has more than 40 years of operational, transactional and asset management experience and is the Founder and Chairman of Kirchner Group a traditional merchant bank that he established in 1985. Mr. Kirchner has started and successfully exited companies in industries as diverse as financial services, agribusiness, airline and consulting, and has conducted corporate transactions in over 25 countries. He has been a principal or agent in over 300 private capital ventures. Mr. Kirchner was awarded ‘Entrepreneur of the Year’ an unprecedented two consecutive years during the mid 1990s. He is also the co-founder of the Christopher Douglas Hidden Angel Foundation (CDHAF), a charitable organization devoted to enriching the lives of individuals with cognitive, emotional, and/or physical impairments.
















Dave Philipp, CFA, CAIA
Managing Director, Head of Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings Group
 
Mr. Philipp joined Crestline in 2013 and serves as Managing Director of the Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings group. Mr. Philipp has more than 20 years of experience in investment banking and alternative investments. David initially joined Crestline as co-founder of Crestline-Kirchner Private Equity Group. In this capacity, Mr. Philipp focused on GP replacements, co-GP mandates and fund restructuring solutions. Prior to joining Crestline, Mr. Philipp co-founded Ambata Capital Partners, a family-owned global investment and advisory firm with operations and holdings in the US, Middle East and Africa. Prior to Ambata, Dave served as the portfolio manager of the Global Asset Fund, an outsourced thematic investment vehicle for Credit Suisse. Earlier in his career, Dave spent 10 years at Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse focused on alternative investments and structured financing strategies. Dave is a CFA Charter holder and a member of the Security Analysts of San Francisco. He graduated Summa Cum Laude from the University of Colorado.















Amit Mahajan, CFA
Managing Director, CIO of Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings Group
 
Mr. Mahajan joined Crestline in 2016 and serves as Managing Director of the Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings group. Prior to joining Crestline, Mr. Mahajan spent two years at Macquarie Asset Management targeting portfolio lending and structured debt solutions for mature Private Equity funds and secondary transactions. Previously, Mr. Mahajan spent nine years at PineBridge Investments (fka AIG Investments) where he was most recently Director and senior member of the $8 billion Private Funds Group responsible for sourcing, due diligence, negotiating and monitoring of secondary private equity transactions on a global basis. Mr. Mahajan executed private equity investments, focusing on global emerging markets and across several industries. Mr. Mahajan has over 16 years of experience in private equity, banking and consulting. Prior to joining PineBridge, he worked on private equity and merger & acquisition opportunities at NY based investment firms, Chatterjee Group (formerly affiliated with Soros Funds) and Arcadia Investment Partners. During his career, Mr. Mahajan gained substantial operating experience at Oblix (acquired by Oracle), a technology firm and portfolio company of Kleiner Perkins and APAX Partners. Mr. Mahajan began his career with Deloitte Consulting where he advised multinational clients in energy, telecom, insurance, utilities and the technology sector. He holds a BS in Computer Science and Engineering from Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, and an MBA from Columbia Business School.














Paul Choy
Senior Advisor
 
Mr. Choy was engaged by Crestline in 2011 and is a Senior Advisor for the Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings group. Mr. Choy has over 21 years of direct private investment and operational experience in both large and small companies in technology and traditional sectors.  Prior engagement with Crestline, Mr. Choy was with Kirchner Investment Management Company (a division of the Kirchner Group and predecessor firm to Crestline-Kirchner) where Paul served as a portfolio manager. Prior to Kirchner Group, Mr. Choy was at CIBC Capital Partners, the merchant bank operation of CIBC, executing transactions and working closely with portfolio companies across a broad range of technology subsectors including mobile services, digital media, software, healthcare IT, financial services IT, telecom hardware and services, and tech-enabled services.  Prior to that, Paul held senior new service development roles at TELUS Corporation and led the engineering and design teams responsible for the introduction of several services including high-speed Internet service, which was the first of its kind offered commercially by a telco in North America. Mr. Choy holds an MBA from the Rotman School of Management (University of Toronto) and a Bachelor of Science (Electrical Engineering, Telecommunications) degree from the University of Alberta.


















GR Christon
Director
 
Mr. Christon joined Crestline in 2014 and is a Director for the Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings group. Mr. Christon has over 19 years of financial advisory and management experience with a focus on distressed assets, crisis management and corporate restructuring. Prior to joining Crestline, Mr. Christon was with Waterview Advisors where he advised underperforming companies, performed business valuations and provided litigation support for clients in bankruptcy court. Before that, he was with the corporate restructuring groups at KPMG, Alvarez & Marsal and FTI Consulting. Earlier in his career, he focused on business valuations and investment banking services with the firms Bernstein, Phalon & Conklin and Houlihan Lokey. Mr. Christon earned an M.A. in Applied Economics, a Juris Doctor and an M.B.A. from Southern Methodist University. He also holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics from Auburn University, where his studies focused on Austrian Economics.














David P. Killion
CEO
 
Mr. Killion has been CEO of Crestline Denali Capital and its predecessor Denali Capital since Denali Capital's inception in March 2001. Prior to co-founding Denali Capital, Mr. Killion was President and CEO of First Source Financial Inc. ("First Source"), a $2.4 billion commercial finance and loan asset management firm.. Prior to joining First Source in 1995, Mr. Killion was President of the Corporate Finance Division of Household Commercial Financial Services ("HCFS"), a subsidiary of Household Finance Corporation. Before joining HCFS in October 1989, Mr. Killion spent twelve years at American National Bank in Chicago where he most recently headed the Corporate Strategy group and earlier headed various lending units of the bank. Mr. Killion graduated with honors from the University of Illinois (BS, Finance) in 1972 and received his MBA from the University of Chicago in 1977.













Gregory R. Cooper
Senior Managing Director
 
Mr. Cooper has been a Senior Managing Director of Crestline Denali Capital and its predecessor Denali Capital since Denali Capital's inception in March 2001. Prior to co-founding Denali Capital, Mr. Cooper was most recently a Senior Vice President of First Source, a $2.4 billion commercial finance and loan asset management firm. Prior to joining First Source in 1998, Mr. Cooper spent eleven years at Sanwa Business Credit Corporation ("SBCC") in Chicago. Prior to joining SBCC, Mr. Cooper spent two years at Mellon Financial Services. Mr. Cooper attended DePaul University and has taken courses at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Business.














John P. Thacker
Chief Credit Officer
 
Mr. Thacker has been CCO of Crestline Denali Capital and its predecessor Denali Capital since Denali Capital's inception in March 2001. Prior to co-founding Denali Capital, Mr. Thacker was a Senior Vice President of First Source, a $2.4 billion commercial finance and loan asset management firm. Prior to joining First Source in 1998, Mr. Thacker spent seven years at SBCC where he was a First Vice President-Division Assistant Senior Credit Officer and Division Administration Manager. Mr. Thacker received a BS in Business Administration (Finance) from Villanova University in 1984 and a MBA from Loyola College in 1991.













Roger Marcincuk, CPA
Managing Director, Global Head of Operational Due Diligence
 
Roger Marcincuk, Jr., CPA, Managing Director of Operational Due Diligence, joined Crestline in May 2004 and leads the firm’s global operational due diligence efforts for all of Crestline’s fund of funds products. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Marcincuk held roles in investigative financial due diligence for the large accounting firms since 1993. Previous experience includes consulting on over 100 M&A transactions aggregating $20 billion in market value while providing investigative due diligence services to identify and to analyze financial, operational and competitive issues. Mr. Marcincuk also has expertise analyzing and identifying business risk for companies in both the domestic and international markets. Mr. Marcincuk is a licensed CPA and received a B.S. from Bentley College and a M.B.A. from Georgetown University.







Jeremiah Loeffler, CPA
COO, Credit & Opportunistic Strategies
 
Jeremiah Loeffler, CPA, COO, Credit & Opportunistic Strategies, joined Crestline in August 2010 and heads our Credit & Opportunistic Strategies’ operations. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Loeffler spent 5 years with Maverick Capital, Ltd. leading the Internal Audit function and working on special projects for the Executive team. Prior to that he spent 3 years as a Senior Auditor with KPMG, where he focused a majority of his time on hedge funds, private equity funds and other investment companies. Mr. Loeffler has a B.B.A. from Texas Christian University and an M.B.A. from the University of Texas, McCombs School of Business.






Matt Schmitt
Operational Due Diligence Senior Analyst
 
Matt Schmitt, CPA, Operational Due Diligence Senior Analyst, Mr. Schmitt joined Crestline in 2012 and performs diligence on our underlying managers as part of our Operational Due Diligence team. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Schmitt spent three years in the audit practice with KPMG as a Senior Auditor, where he worked with Bass investments/hedge funds, as well as smaller hedge fund and private equity clients. Mr. Schmitt is a CPA and has both his B.B.A. in Accounting and Finance and a Masters in Accounting from Texas Christian University.




Joshua Tyson
Analyst
 
Joshua Tyson, Analyst, joined Crestline in 2014 in the Diversified Funds’ Group. Prior to joining the Firm, he held various positions within operational and portfolio management at T. Rowe Price. Mr. Tyson received his B.S. in Finance from LeTourneau University and is a CFA charterholder.




Thomas J. (“TJ”) Shepherd
Junior Analyst
 
Thomas J. (“TJ”) Shepherd, Junior Analyst, joined Crestline in 2013 in the Diversified Funds’ Credit Group. Prior to joining Crestline full time, Mr. Shepherd interned for the Recovery Fund, JPMorgan Asset Management, VMG Health, and was a High School Mathematics teacher at Dallas CAN! Academy in Oak Cliff through Teach for America. Mr. Shepherd received his BBA in Finance and Marketing from Texas Christian University.




Lyndsay Mojica
Middle Office Analyst
 
Lyndsay Mojica, Middle Office Analyst, joined Crestline Investors in 2013 and will be working with the middle office portfolio construction team. Prior to joining the Firm, Ms. Mojica was an Audit Associate with Ernst & Young. Ms. Mojica is a CPA and has both her B.B.A in Accounting and Masters in Accounting from Texas Christian University.




David Kim
Director of Operational Due Diligence
 
David Kim, Director of Operational Due Diligence, joined Crestline Investors in 2013 as a Director of Hedge Fund Operational Due Diligence. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Kim served as Principal at Mercer Investment Consulting providing operational due diligence services to institutions, endowments, high net worth clients, and wealth platforms. Previous experiences include serving as Vice President of Investment Operations at Northern Trust, Director of Trade Operations at UBS Global Asset Management, and Business Unit Controller at Citadel Investment Group. Mr. Kim holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and an MBA in finance from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business.




Andrew Kerosky
Junior Analyst
 
Andrew Kerosky, Junior Analyst, joined Crestline in 2014 in the Diversified Funds’ Group. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Kerosky interned with Crestline and McKinley Capital Management. Mr. Kerosky holds a B.A. in Economics with honors from the University of Alaska Anchorage.




Kevin Hirt
Associate
 
Kevin Hirt, Associate, Mr. Hirt joined Crestline in 2013 as an Analyst in the Opportunistic Strategies Group. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Hirt worked at Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. as member of BBH Capital Partners, focused on private equity middle market buy-out and growth equity investments. Prior to Brown Brothers Harriman & Co., Mr. Hirt was an Analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Mr. Hirt received his B.S. in Business Administration from Loyola University Chicago.




Graham Grunow
Associate
 
Graham Grunow, CPA, Associate, joined Crestline in 2013 and is an Associate in the Opportunistic Strategies Group. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Grunow worked as a financial services auditor with Ernst & Young, LLP in their New York and Dallas offices. Mr. Grunow is a CPA and has his B.B.A. and Masters in Accounting from The University of Texas at Austin.





Daniel Gabay, CFA
Senior Associate
 
Mr. Gabay joined Crestline in 2013 and assists the Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings group. Mr. Gabay has more than 9 years’ experience. Prior to joining the firm Mr. Gabay was an Associate Portfolio Manager with Northwood Family Office. He has financial modeling, analytical and due diligence experience across funds and direct assets. Mr. Gabay received his MBA from York University’s Schulich School of Business, and is a CFA Charterholder.







Tim Kuhnen
Senior Analyst
 
Mr. Kuhnen joined Crestline in 2015 and assists the Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings group. Prior to joining Crestline Mr. Kuhnen studied at Rice University where he worked part-time in equity research for Roth Capital Partners and served as an investment banking summer analyst at Mizuho Bank. He has financial modeling, credit analysis, and due diligence experience across funds and direct assets. Mr. Kuhnen holds a Bachelor of Science from Rice University and is a 2017 Level II Candidate of the CFA Program.










Michael Rich
Director
 
Mr. Rich joined Crestline in 2017 and is a Director for the Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings group. Mr. Rich has more than 25 years of experience, including over 20 years focused in credit investing, credit underwriting, credit structuring, and risk management. Prior to joining Crestline, Mr. Rich was a Director with LStar Capital, a credit affiliate of Lone Star Funds which is a global private equity firm with over $70 billion in aggregate capital commitments. At LStar, he was the lead underwriter in an initial ~$1 billion portfolio purchase of 67 stressed/distressed middle market credit investments. In addition Mr. Rich managed capital markets efforts including sourcing new investment opportunities, secondary trading, and developing new institutional relationships. Prior to joining Lstar, Mr. Rich was a principal of Three Seas Capital which was focused on leverage credit investing strategies. Before that, he was a portfolio manager at Highland Capital Management, a credit-focused alternative asset manager with $23 billion in AUM. Mr. Rich holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from Kansas State University and an M.B.A. from Fuqua School of Business, Duke University with a concentration in Finance.







Dustin Earnest
Analyst
 
Dustin Earnest, CPA, Analyst, Mr. Earnest joined Crestline in 2013 as an Analyst in the Opportunistic Strategies Group.  Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Earnest was a Financial Analyst with BVA Group. He received his BBA in Finance and Masters in Accounting at The University of Texas at Austin.




David Calvert
Associate - Portfolio Monitoring
 
David Calvert, Associate - Portfolio Monitoring, joined Crestline in 2013 and is a member of the Opportunistic Strategies Group. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Calvert was a Senior Research Analyst for Cogent Partners. Mr. Calvert received his BBA in Finance from Southern Methodist University.




Michael Bullard
Vice President
 
Michael Bullard, Vice President, Mr. Bullard joined Crestline in 2013 and is a Vice President in the Opportunistic Strategies Group. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Bullard work with Raymond James & Associates as an Investment Banking Analyst. Mr. Bullard received his BS in Business Administration from Washington University in St. Louis.




Eric Spector
Analyst
 
Eric Spector, Analyst, Mr. Spector joined Crestline in 2013 as an Analyst in the Opportunistic Strategies Group. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Spector was an Investment Banking Analyst with Barclays. He graduated cum laude with his B.A. in Economics from Northwestern University.






Robert Zell, CPA
Associate Director of Operational Due Diligence
 
Robert Zell, CPA, Associate Director of Operational Due Diligence, joined Crestline Investors in 2013 and leads the firm’s operational due diligence efforts for its Opportunity and Recovery funds. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Zell was Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer for private equity firm Rock Island Capital where he assisted in due diligence and investment analysis while also managing the fund administration and compliance program. Previous experience includes financial positions with Institutional Shareholder Services and Artesia Technologies, both were portfolio companies of private equity firm Warburg Pincus. Mr. Zell is a CPA and received a B.B.A. in Accounting and Marketing from Baylor University and an M.B.A. in Investments and Corporate Finance from the University of Notre Dame.









Paul Robson, CFA
President - Crestline Canada
 
Paul W. Robson, CFA, President – Crestline Canada, joined Crestline in 2009 from Northwater where he was President of Northwater Capital Management Inc.  At Crestline Canada, Mr. Robson heads up the Toronto office, is responsible for business development and consultant relations for Canada and also acts a strategic relationship manager for various partner clients.  Before joining Northwater in 1996, Mr. Robson gained over five years of experience in investment policy analysis, index fund management, and derivatives investing with the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System (OMERS).  Mr. Robson holds an MBA from the University of Western Ontario.  He also holds the CFA designation and is a member of the Toronto CFA Society.











Alex Didych, CFA, FRM, PRM
Managing Director
 
Alex Didych, CFA, FRM, PRM, Managing Director, joined Crestline in 2007 and is Managing Director of Crestline’s Investment Risk team. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Didych was Head of Market Risk Management, New York, at AMRO Bank N.V.  Mr. Didych led the team responsible for the market risk management of trading activities that cover Credit, Local Markets, Equity and IR Derivatives Desks.  In addition, he aggregated risk across the various products and trading desks to assess broader portfolio risks.  Mr. Didych graduated summa cum laude with a M.S. in Applied Math-operations Research from National Taras Shevchenko University of Kyiv, Ukraine and also has a M.B.A. with high honors from the University of Chicago.







Anton Slepnev
Senior Risk Systems Developer
 
Anton Slepnev-Sokolinskiy, Senior Risk Systems Developer, joined Crestline in 2011 and is a member of Crestline’s Investment Risk Team.  Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Slepnev-Sokolinskiy was a systems engineer for Genus Technologies.  In addition, Mr. Slepnev-Sokolinskiy worked as a programmer for Everest Asset Management, where he led the development of the front-office information system and developed automated trading systems.  Mr. Slepnev-Sokolinskiy received both his B.S. and M.S. in Applied Mathematics and Physics from the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology.








Camille Sassman, CPA
Chief Financial Officer
 
Camille Sassman, CPA, Chief Financial Officer, joined Crestline in 2000 and is responsible for monitoring and reviewing all accounting activity related to the Crestline fund of funds products.  Additionally, she oversees the administrative process for the Funds.  Prior to joining the Firm, Ms. Sassman worked at KPMG for 8 years, where her responsibilities included accounting in public and private companies.  Ms. Sassman has a B.B.A. in Accounting with honors from Tarleton State University.













Jesús Payán, JD
General Counsel / Chief Compliance Officer
 
Jesús Payán, JD, General Counsel/Chief Compliance Officer, joined Crestline in 2006 and heads Crestline’s Legal and Compliance team. Mr. Payan is responsible for overseeing a broad variety of legal, compliance and operational matters on behalf of the Firm including launching new products, serving as legal department touch-point for counterparty and investor relationships, attending to strategic growth and expansion opportunities and internal matters such as employee matters and compliance review of applicable counterparty relationships. In addition, he is a participant in the opportunistic investment committee meetings, is integrally involved in the structuring, legal diligence and closing of investment opportunities ranging from fund investments to directs and fund secondaries. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Payan worked at Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP as an Investment Fund/Corporate Attorney where he was responsible for advising and structuring hedge funds, private equity funds, fund of funds and a closed-end registered investment company in a variety of jurisdictions including the United States, Cayman Islands, BVI, Bermuda and the United Kingdom. Additionally, he has experience with the creation, implementation and review of regulatory compliance programs as well as legal representation in several hedge fund strategies. Mr. Payan has a J.D., a B.A. in History, and a B.A. in Ethnic Studies from the University of Texas. Mr. Payan also serves as a Trustee and member of the investment committee for the City of Fort Worth Employees’ Retirement Fund.








Jonathan Rude
Assistant General Counsel
 
Jonathan Rude, Assistant General Counsel, joined Crestline in 2011 and assists the General Counsel on the Legal/Compliance team. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Rude worked at Patton Boggs LLP. Mr. Rude received his J.D. and B.A. degrees from the University of Texas at Austin.




Paula Roberts
Director and Chief Compliance Officer
 
Paula Roberts, Director and Chief Compliance Officer, joined Crestline Investors in 2005. Ms. Roberts sits on both the Compliance Committee and the Operations Risk Committee. Prior to joining Crestline, Ms. Roberts worked at HBK Investments, L.P. as a financial reporting manager. Ms. Roberts is an Investment Adviser Certified Compliance Professional (IACCP), as well as a Certified Public Accountant and a Certified Internal Auditor. She holds a BA in Economics from The University of Texas at Austin and a BBA in Accounting with honors from Texas Women’s University.









Nathan Shulman
Director of Software Development
 
Nathan Shulman, Director of Software Development, joined Crestline Investors in October of 2008.  Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Shulman spent 12 years developing enterprise level software for Alcon Laboratories, Inc., Dell, Inc., and Microsoft Corporation.  His experience includes web and client architecture with focus on security, reliability, and scalability using Microsoft technologies.  Mr. Shulman graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a B.A. in Computer Science.









Craig Pope
Director
 
Craig Pope, Director, joined Crestline Investors in November of 2009. He brings to the firm an in-depth knowledge of enterprise and commercial software development processes. His prior 13 years of experience include coding and managing projects in the Education, Financial Services, Commercial Real Estate, Healthcare, Oil & Gas, Logistics and Retail business sectors. Mr. Pope graduated from Texas A&M University with a B.S. in Agricultural Engineering.






Allison Ortegon
Director
 
Allison Ortegon, Director, joined Crestline Investors in December of 2010.  Prior to joining the Firm, Ms. Ortegon worked as a Data Warehouse Technologist and provided ongoing development, maintenance and testing of new and existing processes and structures.  Ms. Ortegon graduated from Texas A&M University with a B.S. in Computer Science.










Frank Jordan
Managing Director
Head of Business Development and Client Partnerships
 
Frank Jordan, Managing Director, joined Crestline in 2016 and is Head of Business Development & Client Partnerships. Prior to joining Crestline, Mr. Jordan spent 10 years at GoldenTree Asset Management, most recently as Partner & Co-Head of Business Development and a member of GoldenTree’s Executive Committee. Mr. Jordan raised capital in the U.S., Europe, Australia, Asia (Singapore, Hong Kong, Korea) and the Middle East from a wide range of investor types, including public pensions, insurance companies, banks, fund of funds, corporate pensions and sovereign and superannuation funds. Prior to GoldenTree, Mr. Jordan was a Partner of High Yield Sales at Wasserstein Perella, where in 1998 he was voted Institutional Investor’s High Yield salesman of the year. Earlier in his career, Mr. Jordan also spent time with Citibank and Salomon Brothers in various sales and marketing roles. Most recently, Mr. Jordan was Cofounder & Chief Revenue Officer for The Bleachers Corporation, an entrepreneurial venture which connects parents, students and the school community via on-demand video streaming. He holds an MBA from Tulane University and is also a graduate of the University of Alabama with a B.A. in Finance.










David Mabry
Managing Director of Client Servicing
 
David Mabry, Managing Director of Client Servicing, joined Crestline in 2006 and is responsible for client reporting and servicing. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Mabry served as Vice President of North American Institutional Accounting at JPMorgan. His department provided accounting services to over 350 clients located in North America and Asia encompassing $620 billion in assets. Mr. Mabry was also responsible for a client service team located in New York. Prior to JPMorgan, Mr. Mabry was Vice President of Fund Accounting at OppenheimerFunds, Inc. and his department provided mutual fund, separate account and hedge fund accounting services. Mr. Mabry has a B.B.A. in Accounting and an M.B.A. from Texas Tech University.












Bill Braxton
Managing Director
 
Bill Braxton, Managing Director, Business Development and Client Partnerships, joined Crestline in 2009. Mr. Braxton's responsibilities include advancing the firms business development, consultant relations and client service efforts. Mr. Braxton has over 17 years of experience in hedge funds, investment management, entrepreneurship and corporate finance. Mr. Braxton’s focus has been in sales, marketing, investment due diligence, finance and various entrepreneurial ventures. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Braxton worked for Merrill Lynch's hedge fund group in New York where he was responsible for manager due diligence as well as internal and external capital raising efforts for private equity, hedge funds and hedge fund of funds. Mr. Braxton began his career as a financial analyst for International Business Machines (IBM) after receiving his B.B.A. in Finance from The University of Mary Hardin-Baylor. Mr. Braxton has an M.B.A. with a dual concentration in Finance and Entrepreneurship from the Wharton School of Business and serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors for the Texas Hedge Fund Association and is the Treasurer and Member of the Board of Directors for VolunteerNow.








Chris Golio
Managing Director
 
Christopher Golio, Managing Director, joined Crestline in 2017 and is part of the Business Development & Client Partnerships Group. Prior to joining Crestline, Mr. Golio was a Partner for Constellation Associates providing private credit third party institutional marketing services primarily to direct lending and opportunistic managers. He specialized in direct lending, opportunistic, CLO, mezzanine and other illiquid strategies. Prior to Constellation, he was a Managing Director and the Chief Operating Officer of U.S. institutional distribution for Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners. His responsibilities encompass national distribution efforts across fund of hedge funds, private equity fund of funds and real estate fund of funds business. Prior to joining Morgan Stanley, Mr. Golio was a Managing Director and Co-Head of Customized Solutions for UBP Asset Management LLC where he was responsible for U.S. institutional clients and consultants and the development of a marketing strategy that increased the firm’s assets two-fold. Previously, he was a Partner and Head of Business Development at Double Alpha Group, Inc. statistical arbitrage hedge fund and a Senior Vice President at Zurich Capital Markets, Inc. Hedge Fund Structured Products and Managed Assets business. Mr. Golio received a B.S. in Accounting with a minor in Economics from the State University of New York at Oswego.














Graham Officer
Managing Director
 
Graham Officer, Managing Director, joined Crestline in 2017 and is part of the Business Development & Client Partnerships Group. He heads the marketing for the Crestline Summit Equity Alpha product, which is the Firm’s multi-portfolio manager equity long-short strategy. Prior to joining Crestline, Mr. Officer spent 21 years at Goldman, Sachs & Co in a number of different sales leadership positions within their Securities Division. He most recently was the head of the North American Institutional Equity Derivative Sales team for global equity volatility and synthetic products. He started his career in Fixed Income and transitioned to Equities where he spent most of his career. Mr. Officer has a B.A. in Economics from Bucknell University.













Sean Gannon
Managing Director
 
Sean Gannon, Managing Director, Opportunistic Strategies Specialist, joined Crestline in 2010 and is responsible for Client Development.  Mr. Gannon has 25 years of experience in the investment industry including:  Director of Marketing & Client Service at Dorchester Capital Advisors, Senior Vice President & Investment Committee Chairman at a $2.5B private bank, and Director of Marketing and Client Service at Lipper & Company, a $4.5B hedge fund. Mr. Gannon also spent 9 years at Mellon’s Global Corporate Banking Department as Vice President & Team Leader where he focused on leveraged finance transactions. Mr. Gannon is a graduate of Miami University where he received his B.A. in Political Science and the University of Pittsburgh where he received an M.B.A. He is a member of the Finance Advisory Board at Miami University.











Daniel Schwarz
Associate Director
 
Daniel Schwarz, CPA, Associate Director, joined Crestline Investors in 2007and is a senior memeber of Crestline’s Client Service team. Prior to joining the Firm, Mr. Schwarz was Senior Associate with KPMG, LLP.  During his tenure at KPMG, Mr. Schwarz focused almost exclusively on auditing hedge funds and other investment companies and specialized in valuing a wide variety of complex financial instruments. Mr. Schwarz is a graduate of Texas A&M University where he received his B.B.A. in Accounting and M.S. in Finance.




.






























































  This page requires Adobe Flash to upload documents.
  Please click to download.













Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Disclosures


Contact Us



© 2017 Crestline     Powered by Backstop












 











  Press Releases -   Crestline Investors, Inc.
















About Crestline


Strategies


Careers


Register




Login




Secure Login

Email Address

Password
 
Accept our Terms & Conditions

You must accept our Terms & Conditions to enter the site.



Reset Password


















About Crestline


Firm Highlights


Our Team


Credit Opportunities


Specialty Lending


Crestline Denali Capital


Summit Equity Alpha


Hedge Fund Solutions


Beta & Hedging Solutions


Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings


Press Releases






Press Releases
 
May 10, 2017  |  Crestline Investors Announces Closing of $409.44 Million CLO
 
FORT WORTH, Texas, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Crestline Investors, Inc., an institutional alternative investment management firm, today announced the closing of a $409.44 million collateralized loan obligation ("CLO"), known as Crestline Denali CLO XV, Ltd., by its Crestline Denali Capital unit. The CLO will be backed by a portfolio of primarily senior-secured leveraged loans and will have an approximately five-year reinvestment period and a two-year non-call period. This is the first CLO to be sponsored by Crestline in 2017. In 2016, the firm sponsored two CLOs – the $361.0 million Crestline Denali CLO XIV, Ltd. and the $358.8 million Denali Capital CLO XII, Ltd. The transaction is structured to comply with both U.S. and European risk retention requirements.
 
Full Press Release 
 
 
May 4, 2017  |  Crestline Investors Leads $450 Million in Transactions Through its Private Equity Credit and Fund Restructuring Team
 
FORT WORTH, Texas, May 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Crestline Investors, Inc. ("Crestline"), an institutional alternative asset manager, today announced the closing of four recent transactions by its Private Equity Credit and Fund Restructuring team. The group, first launched in October 2016, pursues niche financing opportunities in the private equity markets by providing bespoke capital solutions, including preferred equity and flexible debt structures, to mature private equity funds approaching the end of their structural lives. In total, Crestline-controlled vehicles committed more than $200 million across the four transactions and assumed governance rights across another $250 million of capital contributed or rolled by existing investors.
 
Full Press Release 
 
 
March 20, 2017  |  Crestline Investors Adds Chris Golio as Managing Director in the Firm's Business Development & Client Partnerships Group
 
 FORT WORTH, Texas, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Crestline Investors, Inc. ("Crestline"), an institutional alternative asset manager, today announced the hiring of Chris Golio as a Managing Director. Golio will join the firm's Business Development & Client Partnership Group, where he will be focused on the Northeast and Midwest US regions. He will be based in New York and report to Frank Jordan, Head of Business Development & Client Partnerships.
 
Full Press Release 
 
 
February 28, 2017  |  Crestline Investors Hires Graham Officer as Managing Director and Head of Marketing for Crestline Summit 
 
 Fort Worth, TX – February 28, 2017 – Crestline Investors, Inc. (“Crestline”), an institutional alternative asset manager, today announced the addition of Graham Officer as Managing Director at the firm, where he will be focused on Business Development and Client Partnerships. Officer will head up marketing for the Crestline Summit Equity Alpha Fund (“Crestline Summit”), a multi-PM equity relative value hedge fund launched in July 2015. He will be based in New York and report to Frank Jordan, Head of Business Development & Client Partnerships.
 
Full Press Release 
 
 
January 11, 2017  |  New Emerald Energy LLC (A.K.A. National Oil Production LLC), formerly known as Emerald Oil Inc., Appoints Petro-Hunt to Operate its Bakken Assets | Crestline Investors and Fir Tree Partners, which acquired Emerald Oil Inc. through the Ch 11 Bankruptcy process, now team up with Petro-Hunt to further develop the Emerald assets
 
 DENVER, Jan. 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- New Emerald Energy LLC (aka National Oil Production Company, LLC) (the "Company") today announced the appointment of Petro-Hunt LLC as the contract operator of its Bakken assets, which consists of 108 wells across approximately 112,000 acres in the Bakken region, producing approximately 4,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day (BOEPD). The Company also holds a significant acreage inventory of low-risk drilling opportunities which may be explored for years to come.
 
Full Press Release 
 
 
December 19, 2016  |  CL Energy Opportunity Fund Acquires Non-Operating Working Interests in the DJ Basin of Colorado from Double Eagle Energy Rockies | Assets include a mix of wellbore-only working interests and leasehold interest with exposure to over 100 gross wells operated by premier DJ Basin operators
 
 FORT WORTH, Texas, Dec. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- CL Energy Opportunity Fund, LP, a fund managed by Crestline Investors, Inc., ("Crestline") a credit-focused institutional alternative asset manager, today announced the acquisition of the non-operating working interests in the DJ Basin of Colorado from Double Eagle Energy Rockies LLC, an affiliate of Double Eagle Energy Holdings II LLC ("Double Eagle"), a Fort Worth-based E&P company that invests in oil and gas production across the United States.
 
Full Press Release 
 
 
December 1, 2016  |  Crestline's Specialty Lending Fund Provides Unitranche in Support of Southfield Capital's Acquisition of Managed IT Services Provider
 
 FORT WORTH, Texas, Dec. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Crestline Specialty Lending ("CSL"), a part of the opportunistic investment group of Crestline Investors, Inc. ("Crestline"), a credit-focused institutional alternative asset manager, is pleased to announce the recent closing of a senior credit facility (the "Facility") to support Southfield Capital's ("Southfield" or the "Sponsor") acquisition of Ntiva, LLC ("Ntiva" or the "Company"). CSL's Facility consisted of a revolving credit facility, term loan and delayed draw term loan.
 
Full Press Release 
 
 
November 16, 2016  |  Crestline Investors Adds Frank Jordan as Managing Director, Head of Business Development & Client Partnerships
 
 FORT WORTH, Texas, Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Crestline Investors, Inc. ("Crestline"), a credit-focused institutional alternative asset manager, today announced the addition of Frank Jordan as Managing Director, Head of Business Development & Client Partnerships. Jordan will be based in Fort Worth and report to the Partners of the Firm.
 
Full Press Release 
 
 
October 13, 2016  |  Crestline Investors Announces Closing of $361.0 Million CLO
 
 FORT WORTH, Texas, Oct. 13, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Crestline Investors, Inc., a credit focused institutional alternative asset manager, today announced the closing of a $361.0 million collateralized loan obligation ("CLO"), known as Crestline Denali CLO XIV, Ltd., by its Crestline Denali Capital unit.
 
Full Press Release 
 
 
October 12, 2016  |  Crestline Investors Creates Private Equity Credit and Fund Restructuring Team | Amit Mahajan Hired To Co-Lead Team With David Philipp
 
 FORT WORTH, Texas, Oct. 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Crestline Investors, Inc. ("Crestline"), a credit-focused institutional alternative asset manager, today announced the creation of a Private Equity Credit and Fund Restructuring team to actively pursue niche financing opportunities in the private equity markets. This dedicated group will focus on providing bespoke capital solutions, including preferred equity and flexible debt structures, to mature private equity funds approaching the end of their structural lives.
 
Full Press Release 
 
 
June 10, 2016  |  Crestline Investors Announces Additional Close of Crestline Opportunity Fund III | Capital in Strategy Reaches $720 Million
 
 FORT WORTH, Texas, June 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Crestline Investors, Inc., a credit focused institutional alternative asset manager, today announced an additional closing of its Crestline Opportunity Fund III strategy, bringing capital in the strategy to $720 million. The strategy invests primarily in small to mid-size corporate and asset-based credit-oriented opportunities, with a focus in North America. The new fund is the ninth in Crestline's series of opportunistic funds, which started in 2005 and have attracted nearly $4 billion in client commitments to date. 
 
 
May 31, 2016  |  Crestline Investors Names Keith Williams a Partner
 
 FORT WORTH, Texas, May 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Crestline Investors, Inc., a credit focused institutional alternative asset manager, has named Keith Williams a Partner of the firm. Williams, who joined Crestline in 2012 as Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager, is responsible for Crestline's Opportunistic and Private Credit Strategies.
 
 
























Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Disclosures


Contact Us



© 2017 Crestline     Powered by Backstop













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


























Crestline Management, L.P. - Financial Services Firm, Fort Worth, Texas - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Crestline Management, L.P.





Crestline Management, L.P.



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Crestline Management, L.P.









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Crestline Management, L.P. is a RIA based in Fort Worth, TX with $8B in AUM and with 1 advisor nationwide.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Fort Worth, TX 




# OF EMPLOYEES
101


Total Assets
$8,410,462,698



Website







Location
        



201 Main St


Fort Worth,
TX
76102


817-339-7600









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on April 15, 2017





$8.4B
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






87

          
Accounts
          


$96.7M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
1





name

start date









Douglas Kelvin Bratton

January 2003 











View All Advisors



















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Cl Ascent Gp
              
--
              
--
              


Crestline Denali Capital, L.P.
              
IAR
              
$1,107,151,970
              


Crestline Europe, LLP
              
--
              
--
              


Dc Funding Partners LLC
              
IAR
              
$763,463,181
              


SAME
              
IAR
              
$23,622
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Douglas Kelvin Bratton

Limited Partner/Ceo/President
      
January, 1998
      
25% to 50%
      


John S. Cochran

Coo
      
June, 2001
      
less than 5%
      


Camille Sassman

Chief Financial Officer
      
January, 2012
      
less than 5%
      


Jesus Humberto Payan

Chief Legal Officer
      
January, 2007
      
less than 5%
      


Caroline Ann Cooley

Vice-President
      
June, 2001
      
less than 5%
      


Paula Baty Roberts

Chief Compliance Officer
      
March, 2017
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations

































 











  Firm Highlights -   Crestline Investors, Inc.
















About Crestline


Strategies


Careers


Register




Login




Secure Login

Email Address

Password
 
Accept our Terms & Conditions

You must accept our Terms & Conditions to enter the site.



Reset Password


















About Crestline


Firm Highlights


Our Team


Credit Opportunities


Specialty Lending


Crestline Denali Capital


Summit Equity Alpha


Hedge Fund Solutions


Beta & Hedging Solutions


Portfolio Financings and Fund Restructurings


Press Releases






Experienced Management Team


Four partners of Crestline Investors have 117 years cumulative experience trading, management and due diligence of alternative investment strategies


Senior investment professionals average 21 years experience


Investment professionals have deep credit investing experience from well established firms


Strong Institutional Focus and Client Base


Developed infrastructure designed to meet needs of institutional clients


Provide client servicing with open book policy and knowledge transfer


Stable Organization


Firm began in 1997


Crestline is an employee controlled firm with low turnover


 
 
























Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Disclosures


Contact Us



© 2017 Crestline     Powered by Backstop




















BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    





Search




Firm Name







Active firms only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Firm Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/firm/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Fixed Fees (14,450)



Hourly Charges (12,502)



Performance-Based Fees (6,657)



None (3,396)



Fee Only (75)






Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (22,026)



1M - 10M (4,729)



10M - 100M (9,354)



100M - 500M (5,820)



1B - 10B (2,642)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (24,601)



100K - 500K (11,251)



500K - 1M (3,090)



1M - 10M (3,577)



10M - 100M (2,704)






Financial Advisory Firm Search Results


48,033 results










Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
Ny, NY



34,605 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $639.6B











Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
St. Louis, MO



26,648 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $409.7B











J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Manhattan, NY



25,629 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $81.6B











Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC
Harrison, NY



24,260 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $598.5B











LPL Financial LLC
Boston, MA



18,591 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $117.2B











Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P.
Des Peres, MO



18,681 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $204.2B











Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.
Minneapolis, MN



14,082 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.0B











UBS Financial Services Inc.
Weehawken, NJ



12,618 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $391.7B











Northwestern Mutual Investment Services,LLC
Milwaukee, WI



9,126 Advisors











Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
South Beach, CA



7,895 Advisors











Mml Investors Services, LLC
Pine Point, MA



7,845 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $25.6B











Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Ny, NY



7,642 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.8B











Strategic Advisers, Inc.
Boston, MA



6,967 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $254.0B











Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
New York, NY



6,930 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $20.2B











Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
St. Petersburg, FL



6,389 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $125.0B









1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations























 











  Contact Us -   Crestline Investors, Inc.
















About Crestline


Strategies


Careers


Register




Login




Secure Login

Email Address

Password
 
Accept our Terms & Conditions

You must accept our Terms & Conditions to enter the site.



Reset Password



















Crestline Investors, Inc.







201 Main Street, Suite 1900
Fort Worth, Texas 76102 USA
+1 (817) 339-7600




 
 





***************


Crestline Research Associates, Inc.


Crestline Canada, Inc.


***************







375 Park Avenue, Suite 1608
New York, New York 10152 USA
+1 (212) 584-4140


Bay Adelaide Centre
333 Bay Street, Suite 4930
Toronto, Ontario M5H 2R2 Canada
+1 (416) 644-8750








 
 




Crestline Asia, Inc.


Crestline Denali Capital, L.P.


Crestline Europe




Yebisu Garden Place Tower
4-20-3 Ebisu
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-6018 Japan
+81 3 5789 5717


2001 Spring Road
Oak Brook, Illinois 60523 USA
+1 (630) 928-2560


11-12 Pall Mall
London SW1Y5LU, United Kingdom
+44 207 747 2150




 
 
Additional Contact Information
 
If you are an investor or for more information about Crestline:
Please contact Frank Jordan at fjordan@crestlineinc.com or +1 (817) 339-7397
 
 
 























Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Disclosures


Contact Us



© 2017 Crestline     Powered by Backstop










 











  Career Opportunites -   Crestline Investors, Inc.
















About Crestline


Strategies


Careers


Register




Login




Secure Login

Email Address

Password
 
Accept our Terms & Conditions

You must accept our Terms & Conditions to enter the site.



Reset Password















Career Opportunities
 
Thank you for your interest in a career with Crestline. To view open positions, please click here.
 
If there are no open positions listed that are appropriate for your skills and experience, but you would like us to consider you for future roles, please email your resume/CV, along with a cover letter, to careers@crestlineinc.com.
 
 























Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Disclosures


Contact Us



© 2017 Crestline     Powered by Backstop













Crestline Management Lp XDate, Carrier History, Mod, Contact Info, and More


























Crestline Management Lp201 Main St, Ste 2700, Fort Worth, TX 76102http://www.crestlineinvestors.comXdate and Experience Mod Overview




Agents
We have the following business info:  Expiration Date Current Carrier Class Code SIC Code Number of Employees Company Size Carrier & LCM 2 Contact
 Texas Insurance Agents...
You could have access to critical prospecting data for this listing, and hundreds of thousands more, available at the click of a mouse.  Enhance your new business pipeline.  Join right now for our 100% free trial, or run a search to the right.
 



Crestline Management Lp is listed in our Workers Compensation Insurance database. Our Texas database is searchable by location, industry specification, policy expiration date, and much more. 
  


Crestline Management Lp has been with the same insurance carrier for the last 1 year(s).  
  


0.02% of businesses in  the Executive Officers Noc-not Foremen, Workers Or Salespersons industry are with the same insurance carrier as this business.  The top carrier covers 35.34% of  the Executive Officers Noc-not Foremen, Workers Or Salespersons industry and has an LCM lower than Crestline Management Lp's carrier. There are 221 other carriers that insure the Executive Officers Noc-not Foremen, Workers Or Salespersons industry, 25 of them have a lower LCM than this company's carrier.
  





Carrier History




Policy Term
Carrier


2014Join free to view











Companies In Same Class
Aparna Associates Llc of CoppellOec Energy Partners Llc of GrapevineFitzsimon Holding Llc of FloresvilleAcg Contractors Llc of HoustonSavoya Holdings Llc of DallasNational Business Research Institute of AddisonProject Experts 360 Llc of HoustonReader Partners Inc of SouthlakeCovalar Design Llc of RichardsonDataworkforce Lp of Mckinney



Companies With Same Carrier
American Surveillance Co Inc of BrownsvilleCrestline Management Lp of Fort WorthTrammell Crow Holding Interest Co of DallasTradition Bank of BellaireHairston Global Protective Services of ArlingtonSbp Holdings Lp of HoustonCaerus Hospitality Partners Llc of San AntonioTexas Panhandle Title Co Inc of DumasCoastal Securities Inc of HoustonHouston Armature Works Inc of Houston







×Close
If this is your company...



We may be able to find you a more suitable carrier for your business insurance.  We have extensive data on carriers, their coverage, and company rates.  Rather than having an agent sell you, why not find which carrier is best for your business and approach them?  Contact Us to see if there is a better fit for your business.  We are not insurance agents, and are not trying to sell you anything.  We will simply tell you some carriers that may be better suited, and suggest agents in your area.
		



Close











×Close
What is an Experience Mod Rating?



The Mod Rating is one of the two most important factors that effect a carrier's premium for workers comp insurance.  Each business in a state is provided a mod rating by the state's rating bureau which is a reflection of the amount of workers comp claims they have had.  If someone has an accident at work, your mod rating will increase and so will your premium.
		



Close











×Close
What is an LCM?



A Loss Cost Multiplier, or LCM, is a rating for an insurance carrier that reflects their overhead in providing coverage for workers comp insurance.  It is one of the two main ratings that effect an insurance premium.  You are more likely to get a better premium from a carrier with a lower LCM, so it is important to know what your carrier's LCM is.  While a premium is generally the result of a formula, carriers are able to deviate plus or minus 25% from that formula.

		



Close










TRY IT!
			






 Location County



State

Arizona
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Illinois
Maryland
Michigan
North Carolina
New Jersey
Nevada
New York
Ohio
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
Tennessee
Texas







			Within
			
			of
			







 Policy Info 
		
Range





	Effective Dates
	



To






	Class Code 

5 - FARM-NURSERY EMPLOYEES And DRI
8 - FARM: GARDENING-MARKET OR TRUC
11 - FARM-NOC And DRIVERS
16 - FARM: ORCHARD & DRIVERS
34 - FARM: POULTRY OR EGG PRODUCER 
35 - FARM: FLORIST & DRIVERS
37 - FARM: FIELD CROPS & DRIVERS
42 - LANDSCAPE GARDENING & DRIVERS
79 - FARM: BERRY OR VINEYARD & DRIV
83 - FARM: CATTLE OR LIVESTOCK RAIS
106 - TREE PRUNING, SPRAYING, REPAIR
113 - FARM: FISH HATCHERY & DRIVERS
401 - COTTON GIN OPERATION & LOCAL M
913 - DOMESTIC WORKERS-INSIDE
923 - DOMESTIC WORKERS-RESIDENCES-PA
1165 - MINING NOC-NOT COAL-SURFACE & 
1321 - COMPRESSOR STATION OPERATION A
1438 - SMELTING, SINTERING OR REFININ
1463 - ASPHALT WORKS & DRIVERS
1472 - DISTILLATION-WOOD-And DRIVERS
1701 - CEMENT MFG
1747 - EMERY WORKS & DRIVERS
1803 - STONE CUTTING OR POLISHING NOC
1924 - WIRE DRAWING OR CABLE MFG - NO
2003 - BAKERY & DRIVERS, ROUTE SUPERV
2014 - GRAIN MILLING
2040 - ICE CREAM MFG.
2041 - CONFECTION MFG
2068 - BUTTER OR CHEESE MFG.
2081 - BUTCHERING
2095 - MEAT PRODUCTS MFG NOC
2105 - FRUIT PACKING
2111 - CANNERY NOC
2114 - OYSTER PROCESSING
2121 - BREWERY & DRIVERS
2157 - BOTTLING NOC & ROUTE SUPERVISO
2172 - CIGARETTE MFG
2211 - COTTON BATTING, WADDING OR WAS
2220 - YARN OR THREAD MFG-COTTON
2260 - WOOL COMBING OR SCOURING
2286 - WOOL SPINNING AND WEAVING
2288 - FELTING MFG
2361 - HOSIERY MFG
2380 - WEBBING MFG
2501 - CLOTHING MANUFACTURING
2503 - DRESSMAKING OR TAILORING-CUSTO
2532 - MILLINERY MFG
2534 - FEATHER OR FLOWER MFG-ARTIFICI
2560 - 
2576 - AWNING OR TENT MFG-SHOP
2578 - BAG OR SACK MFG-CLOTH
2581 - CARPET, RUG, OR UPHOLSTERY CLE
2583 - CLEANING OR DYEING And DRIVERS
2587 - TOWEL OR TOILET SUPPLY CO. & R
2670 - 
2683 - LUGGAGE MFG
2688 - LEATHER GOODS MFG NOC
2702 - LOGGING OR LUMBERING & DRIVERS
2705 - LOGGING OR LUMBERING-PULPWOOD 
2710 - SAW MILL
2719 - LOGGING OR TREE REMOVAL-CERTIF
2731 - PLANING OR MOLDING MILL
2790 - PATTERN MAKING NOC
2802 - CARPENTRY-SHOP ONLY & DRIVERS
2835 - BRUSH OR BROOM ASSEMBLY
2881 - FURNITURE ASSEMBLY-WOOD-FROM M
2923 - PIANO MFG
3004 - IRON OR STEEL: MANUFACTURING: 
3022 - PIPE OR TUBE MFG NOC & DRIVERS
3027 - 
3028 - PIPE OR TUBE MFG-IRON OR STEEL
3040 - IRON OR STEEL: FABRICATION: IR
3041 - IRON OR STEEL: FABRICATION: IR
3042 - ELEVATOR OR ESCALATOR MFG
3064 - SIGN MFG-METAL
3066 - SHEET METAL WORK-SHOP
3081 - FOUNDRY-FERROUS-NOC
3082 - FOUNDRY-STEEL CASTINGS
3085 - FOUNDRY-NON-FERROUS
3110 - FORGING WORK-DROP OR MACHINE
3111 - BLACKSMITH
3113 - TOOL MANUFACTURING-NOT DROP OR
3114 - TOOL MFG-DROP OR MACHINE FORGE
3126 - TOOL MFG-AGRICULTURAL, CONSTRU
3131 - BUTTON OR FASTENER MFG-METAL
3132 - NUT OR BOLT MFG
3146 - HARDWARE MFG NOC
3179 - ELECTRICAL APPARATUS MFG NOC
3220 - CAN MFG
3223 - LAMP OR PORTABLE LANTERN MFG
3224 - AGATE WARE MFG
3227 - ALUMINUM WARE MFG
3255 - WIRE CLOTH MFG
3257 - WIRE GOODS MFG NOC
3300 - BED SPRING OR WIRE MATTRESS MF
3316 - EXPLOSIVES OR AMMUNITION-CARTR
3331 - LEAD WORKS
3365 - WELDING OR CUTTING NOC & DRIVE
3372 - ELECTROPLATING
3383 - JEWELRY MFG
3507 - CONSTRUCTION OR AGRICULTURAL M
3548 - PRINTING OR BOOKBINDING MACHIN
3574 - COMPUTING, RECORDING OR OFFICE
3620 - BOILERMAKING
3629 - PRECISION MACHINED PARTS MFG N
3632 - MACHINE SHOP NOC
3639 - 
3642 - BATTERY MFG-DRY
3643 - ELECTRIC POWER OR TRANSMISSION
3647 - BATTERY MFG-STORAGE
3648 - AUTOMOTIVE LIGHTING, IGNITION 
3681 - TELEVISION, RADIO, TELEPHONE O
3685 - INSTRUMENT MFG NOC
3719 - OIL STILL ERECTION OR REPAIR
3724 - MACHINERY OR EQUIPMENT ERECTIO
3726 - BOILER INSTALLATION OR REPAIR-
3805 - AIRCRAFT ENGINE MFG. OR REBUIL
3807 - AUTOMOBILE RADIATOR MFG
3808 - AUTOMOBILE MFG OR ASSEMBLY
3821 - AUTOMOBILE DISMANTLING & DRIVE
3822 - AUTOMOBILE, BUS, TRUCK OR TRAI
3823 - AUTOMOBILE, BUS, TRUCK, OR TRA
3824 - AUTOMOBILE, BUS, TRUCK OR TRAI
3830 - AIRPLANE MFG
3865 - BABY CARRIAGE MFG
3881 - CAR MFG-RAILROAD & DRIVERS
4000 - SAND DIGGING & DRIVERS
4021 - BRICK MFG NOC & DRIVERS
4024 - REFRACTORY PRODUCTS MFG & DRIV
4034 - CONCRETE PRODUCTS MFG & DRIVER
4036 - PLASTER BOARD OR PLASTER BLOCK
4038 - PLASTER STATUARY OR ORNAMENT M
4045 - CEMENT PAVE STONE MFG. And DRI
4062 - POTTERY MFG: PORCELAIN WARE-ME
4101 - GLASS MFG & DRIVERS
4112 - INCANDESCENT LAMP MFG
4114 - GLASSWARE MFG NOC
4130 - GLASS MERCHANT
4150 - OPTICAL GOODS MFG NOC
4206 - PULP MFG-GROUND WOOD PROCESS
4207 - PULP MFG-CHEMICAL PROCESS
4239 - PAPER MFG
4243 - BOX MFG-FOLDING PAPER-NOC
4244 - CORRUGATED OR FIBER BOARD CONT
4250 - PAPER COATING
4273 - BAG MFG-PAPER
4279 - PAPER GOODS MFG NOC
4282 - 
4283 - BUILDING OR ROOFING PAPER OR F
4299 - PRINTING
4304 - NEWSPAPER PUBLISHING
4307 - BOOKBINDING
4351 - PHOTOENGRAVING
4360 - MOTION PICTURE: DEVELOPMENT OF
4361 - PHOTOGRAPHER-ALL EMPLOYEES & C
4362 - MOTION PICTURE: FILM EXCHANGE 
4410 - RUBBER GOODS MFG NOC
4417 - BOOT OR SHOE MFG.-RUBBER
4420 - RUBBER TIRE MFG
4431 - PHONOGRAPH RECORD MFG
4432 - PEN MFG
4439 - LACQUER OR SPIRIT VARNISH MFG
4452 - PLASTICS MFG: FABRICATED PRODU
4459 - PLASTICS MFG: SHEETS, RODS, OR
4470 - CABLE MFG-INSULATED ELECTRICAL
4484 - PLASTICS MANUFACTURING: MOLDED
4511 - ANALYTICAL CHEMIST
4519 - EXTERMINATOR And DRIVERS
4558 - PAINT MFG
4568 - SALT BORAX OR POTASH PRODUCING
4583 - FERTILIZER MFG & DRIVERS
4611 - DRUG, MEDICINE OR PHARMACEUTIC
4635 - OXYGEN OR HYDROGEN MFG & DRIVE
4653 - GLUE MFG & DRIVERS
4665 - RENDERING WORKS NOC & DRIVERS
4670 - COTTONSEED OIL MFG-MECHANICAL 
4692 - DENTAL LABORATORY
4693 - PHARMACEUTICAL OR SURGICAL GOO
4703 - CORN PRODUCTS MFG
4712 - GREASE OR OIL MIXING OR BLENDI
4716 - LARD REFINING
4717 - BUTTER SUBSTITUTE MFG
4720 - SOAP OR SYNTHETIC DETERGENT MF
4740 - OIL REFINING-PETROLEUM & DRIVE
4743 - GASOLINE RECOVERY And DRIVERS
4751 - SYNTHETIC RUBBER MFG
4766 - EXPLOSIVES OR AMMUNITION MFG.-
4777 - EXPLOSIVES DISTRIBUTORS & DRIV
4800 - -
4801 - -
4802 - -
4803 - -
4804 - -
4805 - INSECTICIDE MFG.-LIQUID-FOR HO
4806 - -
4807 - FERTILIZER MFG.-LIQUID FOR HOM
4808 - -
4809 - -
4810 - -
4811 - AGRICULTURE CHEMICALS MFG.-HIG
4812 - -
4813 - -
4814 - PLASTIC MIXING-LIQUID MATERIAL
4815 - ACID MFG. NOC
4816 - -
4817 - -
4819 - -
4820 - -
4822 - -
4823 - -
4902 - SPORTING GOODS MFG NOC
4923 - PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES MFG
5022 - MASONRY NOC
5040 - IRON OR STEEL: ERECTION-FRAME 
5041 - PAINTING-STEEL STRUCTURES OR B
5057 - IRON OR STEEL: ERECTION NOC
5070 - BURGLAR GUARDS OR BARS-INSTALL
5102 - DOOR, DOOR FRAME OR SASH ERECT
5160 - ELEVATOR ERECTION OR REPAIR
5183 - PLUMBING NOC & DRIVERS
5190 - ELECTRICAL WIRING-WITHIN BUILD
5191 - OFFICE MACHINE OR APPLIANCE IN
5192 - VENDING OR COIN OPERATED MACHI
5200 - CEMENT WORK-SIDEWALKS, CELLAR 
5203 - CONCRETE CONSTRUCTION-BRIDGES 
5213 - CONCRETE CONSTRUCTION NOC
5220 - ARTIFICIAL TURF INSTALLATION A
5348 - TILE, STONE, MOSAIC OR TERRAZZ
5403 - CARPENTRY NOC
5437 - CARPENTRY-INSTALLATION OF CABI
5443 - LATHING & DRIVERS
5462 - GLAZIER-AWAY FROM SHOP & DRIVE
5474 - PAINTING OR PAPERHANGING NOC &
5479 - INSULATION WORK NOC & DRIVERS
5491 - PAPERHANGING & DRIVERS
5506 - STREET OR ROAD CONSTRUCTION: P
5536 - AIR CONDITIONING DUCT FABRICAT
5538 - SHEET METAL WORK-SHOP AND OUTS
5551 - ROOFING-ALL KINDS & DRIVERS
5606 - CONTRACTOR-EXECUTIVE SUPERVISO
5701 - WRECKING-BUILDING OR STRUCTURE
6003 - PILE DRIVING & DRIVERS
6045 - LEVEE CONSTRUCTION-ALL OPERATI
6202 - DERRICK OR OIL RIG ERECTING OR
6203 - OIL OR GAS WELL-DRILLING-EXECU
6204 - DRILLING NOC & DRIVERS
6206 - OIL OR GAS WELL: CEMENTING & D
6213 - OIL OR GAS WELL: SPECIALTY TOO
6216 - OIL OR GAS LEASE WORK NOC-BY C
6219 - AGRICULTURE LAND CLEARING And 
6229 - IRRIGATION OR DRAINAGE SYSTEM 
6233 - OIL OR GAS PIPELINE CONSTRUCTI
6237 - OIL OR GAS WELL: INSTRUMENT LO
6238 - CASING INSTALLATION-OIL WELL A
6306 - SEWER CONSTRUCTION-ALL OPERATI
6319 - GAS MAIN OR CONNECTION CONSTRU
6400 - FENCE ERECTION-METAL
6504 - FOOD SUNDRIES MFG NOC-NO CEREA
6823 - ALUMINUM BOAT MFG.-PLEASURE CR
6824 - BOATBUILDING OR REPAIR And DRI
6843 - SHIPBUILDING-IRON OR STEEL-NOC
6872 - SHIP REPAIR CONVERSION-ALL OPE
6874 - PAINTING-SHIP HULLS
7016 - VESSELS NOC COVERAGE UNDER AD
7024 - VESSELS NOC COVERAGE UNDER AD
7046 - VESSELS-NOT SELF-PROPELLED
7047 - VESSELS NOC COVERAGE UNDER AD
7098 - VESSELS-NOT SELF-PROPELLED.
7099 - VESSELS-NOT SELF-PROPELLED
7133 - RAILROAD OPERATION: NOC-ALL EM
7134 - RAILROAD CONSTRUCTION-RAILROAD
7135 - 
7219 - TRUCKING: NOC-ALL EMPLOYEES & 
7230 - TRUCKING: PARCEL OR PACKAGE DE
7309 - STEVEDORING-NOC
7313 - COAL DOCK OPERATION And STEVED
7317 - STEVEDORING-BY HAND OR HAND TR
7327 - 
7350 - FREIGHT HANDLING NOC
7360 - FREIGHT HANDLING NOC
7380 - DRIVERS, CHAUFFEURS & THEIR HE
7382 - BUS CO.: ALL OTHER EMPLOYEES &
7390 - BEER OR ALE DEALER-WHOLESALE &
7405 - AIRCRAFT OR HELICOPTER OPERATI
7418 - AIR TRAFFIC REPORTERS
7421 - AIRCRAFT OR HELICOPTER OPERATI
7422 - AIRCRAFT OR HELICOPTER OPERATI
7423 - AIRCRAFT OR HELICOPTER OPERATI
7502 - GAS COMPANY: GAS CO.-NATURAL G
7515 - OIL OR GAS PIPELINE OPERATION 
7520 - WATERWORKS OPERATION & DRIVERS
7538 - ELECTRIC LIGHT OR POWER LINE C
7539 - ELECTRIC LIGHT OR POWER CO. NO
7580 - SEWAGE DISPOSAL PLANT OPERATIO
7590 - GARBAGE WORKS
7600 - TELEPHONE OR TELEGRAPH CO.: AL
7602 - FIRE ALARM, TELEPHONE, OR TELE
7610 - RADIO OR TELEVISION BROADCASTI
7704 - FIREFIGHTERS & DRIVERS
7720 - POLICE OFFICERS & DRIVERS
7855 - RAILROAD CONSTRUCTION: LAYING 
8002 - AUTOMOBILE RENTAL CO.: ALL OTH
8006 - STORE: GROCERY/CONVENIENCE-RET
8008 - STORE: CLOTHING, WEARING APPAR
8013 - STORE: JEWELRY
8017 - STORE: RETAIL NOC
8018 - STORE: WHOLESALE NOC
8032 - STORE: CLOTHING, WEARING APPAR
8033 - STORE: MEAT, GROCERY AND PROVI
8034 - STORE-GROCERY-WHOLESALE
8039 - STORE: DEPARTMENT-RETAIL
8044 - STORE: FURNITURE & DRIVERS
8045 - DRUG - RETAIL
8047 - STORE: DRUG-WHOLESALE
8058 - BUILDING MATERIAL DEALER-NEW M
8102 - SEED MERCHANT
8106 - IRON OR STEEL MERCHANT & DRIVE
8107 - MACHINERY DEALER NOC-STORE OR 
8113 - OIL OR GAS WELL SUPPLIES OR EQ
8209 - VEGETABLE PACKING & DRIVERS
8215 - HAY, GRAIN, FEED OR FERTILIZER
8227 - CONSTRUCTION OR ERECTION PERMA
8231 - CEDAR CHIP GRINDING AND SACKIN
8234 - BUILDING MATERIAL DEALER-ALL O
8264 - BOTTLE DEALER-USED & DRIVERS
8265 - IRON OR STEEL SCRAP DEALER & D
8288 - LIVESTOCK DEALER OR COMMISSION
8292 - STORAGE WAREHOUSE NOC
8293 - STORAGE WAREHOUSE-FURNITURE & 
8295 - COTTON MERCHANT
8304 - GRAIN ELEVATOR OPERATION & LOC
8350 - GASOLINE DEALER & DRIVERS
8385 - BUS CO.: GARAGE EMPLOYEES
8387 - AUTOMOBILE OR AUTOMOBILE TRUCK
8391 - AUTOMOBILE OR AUTOMOBILE TRUCK
8601 - ARCHITECT OR ENGINEER-CONSULTI
8606 - GEOPHYSICAL EXPLORATION-SEISMI
8607 - ECOLOGY STUDIES-WATER, FISH, A
8709 - STEVEDORING-TALLIERS AND CHECK
8726 - STEAMSHIP LINE OR AGENCY-PORT 
8742 - SALESPERSONS, COLLECTORS OR ME
8748 - AUTOMOBILE SALESPERSONS
8752 - COFFEE MAKER RENTAL And DRIVER
8754 - STORES-FURNITURE-APPLIES TO WH
8755 - LABOR UNION-ALL EMPLOYEES
8803 - AUDITORS, ACCOUNTANT OR FACTOR
8809 - EXECUTIVE OFFICERS NOC-NOT FOR
8810 - CLERICAL OFFICE EMPLOYEES NOC
8820 - ATTORNEY-ALL EMPLOYEES & CLERI
8828 - HOMEMAKER SERVICE
8829 - CONVALESCENT OR NURSING HOME-A
8831 - HOSPITAL-VETERINARY & DRIVERS
8832 - PHYSICIAN & CLERICAL
8833 - HOSPITAL: PROFESSIONAL EMPLOYE
8837 - CHARITABLE OR WELFARE ORGANIZA
8838 - MUSEUMS-ALL EMPLOYEES-INCLUDIN
8858 - AIRCRAFT GROUND SCHOOL
8868 - COLLEGE: PROFESSIONAL EMPLOYEE
8901 - TELEPHONE OR TELEGRAPH CO.: OF
9014 - BUILDINGS-OPERATION BY CONTRAC
9015 - BUILDINGS-OPERATION-BY OWNER, 
9016 - ICE-SKATING RINK OPERATION & D
9019 - BRIDGE OR VEHICULAR TUNNEL OPE
9032 - APARTMENT HOUSE OPERATIONS-ALL
9033 - HOUSING AUTHORITY & CLERICAL, 
9040 - HOSPITAL: ALL OTHER EMPLOYEES
9052 - HOTEL: ALL OTHER EMPLOYEES & S
9058 - HOTEL: RESTAURANT EMPLOYEES
9060 - CLUB-COUNTRY, GOLF, FISHING OR
9061 - CLUB NOC & CLERICAL
9063 - YMCA, YWCA, YMHA OR YWHA, INST
9079 - RESTAURANT NOC
9080 - DANCE HALL-ALL OPERATIONS
9089 - BILLIARD HALL
9093 - ROLLER-SKATING RINK OPERATION
9101 - COLLEGE: ALL OTHER EMPLOYEES
9102 - PARK NOC-ALL EMPLOYEES & DRIVE
9154 - THEATER NOC: ALL OTHER EMPLOYE
9156 - THEATER NOC: PLAYERS, ENTERTAI
9170 - WINDOW CLEANING And DRIVERS
9178 - ATHLETIC TEAM OR PARK: NON-CON
9179 - ATHLETIC TEAM OR PARK: CONTACT
9182 - ATHLETIC TEAM OR PARK: OPERATI
9186 - CARNIVAL, CIRCUS OR AMUSEMENT 
9220 - CEMETERY OPERATIONS & DRIVERS
9402 - STREET CLEANING & DRIVERS
9501 - PAINTING: SHOP ONLY & DRIVERS
9522 - UPHOLSTERING
9529 - CONCRETE OR CEMENT DISTRIBUTIN
9552 - SIGN ERECTION OR REPAIR-NOC
9586 - BARBER SHOP
9600 - TAXIDERMIST
9620 - FUNERAL DIRECTOR & DRIVERS
9984 - ATOMIC ENERGY-PROJECT WORK
20131127 - 
20131202 - 
20131206 - 
20140128 - 
20140317 - 
20140320 - 
20140825 - 
20140829 - 
20140911 - 
20141223 - 
20150104 - 
20150122 - 
20150222 - 
20150401 - 
20150422 - 
20150522 - 
20150807 - 
20150812 - 
20150915 - 
20160108 - 
20160119 - 
20160303 - 
20160314 - 
20160414 - 
20160504 - 
20160602 - 
20160618 - 
20160706 - 
20160711 - 
20160715 - 
20160831 - 
20161020 - 
20161028 - 
20161207 - 
20161214 - 
20170108 - 
20170204 - 
20170213 - 
20170227 - 
20170330 - 
20170409 - 
20170410 - 




	SIC Code

0111 - wheat
0112 - Rice
0115 - Corn
0116 - Soybeans
0119 - Cash Grains, Nec
0131 - Cotton
0132 - Tobacco
0133 - Sugarcane and Sugar Beets
0134 - Irish Potatoes
0139 - Field Crops, Except Cash Grain
0161 - Vegetables and Melons
0171 - Berry Crops
0172 - Grapes
0173 - Tree Nuts
0174 - Citrus Fruits
0175 - Deciduous Tree Fruits
0179 - Fruits and Tree Nuts, Nec
0181 - Ornamental Nursery Products
0182 - Food Crops Grown Under Cover
0191 - General Farms, Primarily Crop
0211 - Beef Cattle Feedlots
0212 - Beef Cattle, Except Feedlots
0213 - Hogs
0214 - Sheep and Goats
0219 - General Livestock, Nec
0241 - Dairy Farms
0251 - Broiler, Fryer, and Roaster Ch
0252 - Chicken Eggs
0253 - Turkeys and Turkey Eggs
0254 - Poultry Hatcheries
0259 - Poultry and Eggs, Nec
0271 - Fur-bearing Animals and Rabbit
0272 - Horses and Other Equines
0273 - Animal Aquaculture
0279 - Animal Specialties, Nec
0291 - General Farms, Primarily anima
0711 - Soil Preparation Services
0721 - Crop Planting and Protection
0722 - Crop Harvesting
0723 - Crop Preparation Services For 
0724 - Cotton Ginning
0741 - Veterinary Services For Livest
0742 - Veterinary Services, Specialti
0751 - Livestock Services, Except Vet
0752 - Animal Specialty Services
0761 - Farm Labor Contractors
0762 - Farm Management Services
0781 - Landscape Counseling and Plann
0782 - Lawn and Garden Services
0783 - Ornamental Shrub and Tree Serv
0811 - Timber Tracts
0831 - Forest Products
0851 - Forestry Services
0912 - Finfish
0913 - Shellfish
0919 - Miscellaneous Marine Products
0921 - Fish Hatcheries and Preserves
0971 - Hunting, Trapping, Game Propag
1011 - Iron Ores
1021 - Copper Ores
1031 - Lead and Zinc Ores
1041 - Gold Ores
1044 - Silver Ores
1061 - Ferroalloy Ores, Except Vanadi
1081 - Metal Mining Services
1094 - Uranium-radium-vanadium Ores
1099 - Metal Ores, Nec
1221 - Bituminous Coal and Lignite-su
1222 - Bituminous Coal-underground Mi
1231 - Anthracite Mining
1241 - Coal Mining Services
1311 - Crude Petroleum and Natural Ga
1321 - Natural Gas Liquids
1381 - Drilling Oil and Gas Wells
1382 - Oil and Gas Exploration Servic
1389 - Oil and Gas Field Services, Ne
1411 - Dimension Stone
1422 - Crushed and Broken Limestone
1423 - Crushed and Broken Granite
1429 - Crushed and Broken Stone, Nec
1442 - Construction Sand and Gravel
1446 - Industrial Sand
1455 - Kaolin and Ball Clay
1459 - Clay and Related Minerals, Nec
1474 - Potash, Soda, and Borate Miner
1475 - Phosphate Rock
1479 - Chemical and Fertilizer Mining
1481 - Nonmetallic Mineral Services
1499 - Miscellaneous Nonmetallic Mini
1521 - Single-family Housing Construc
1522 - Residential Construction, Nec
1531 - Operative Builders
1541 - Industrial Buildings and Wareh
1542 - Nonresidential Construction, N
1611 - Highway and Street Constructio
1622 - Bridge, Tunnel, and Elevated H
1623 - Water, Sewer, and Utility Line
1629 - Heavy Construction, Nec
1711 - Plumbing, Heating, Air-conditi
1721 - Painting and Paper Hanging
1731 - Electrical Work
1741 - Masonry and Other Stonework
1742 - Plastering, Drywall, and Insul
1743 - Terrazzo, Tile, Marble, Mosaic
1751 - Carpentry Work
1752 - Floor Laying and Floor Work, N
1761 - Roofing, Siding, and Sheetmeta
1771 - Concrete Work
1781 - Water Well Drilling
1791 - Structural Steel Erection
1793 - Glass and Glazing Work
1794 - Excavation Work
1795 - Wrecking and Demolition Work
1796 - Installing Building Equipment
1799 - Special Trade Contractors, Nec
2011 - Meat Packing Plants
2013 - Sausages and Other Prepared Me
2015 - Poultry Slaughtering and Proce
2021 - Creamery Butter
2022 - Cheese; Natural and Processed
2023 - Dry, Condensed, Evaporated Pro
2024 - Ice Cream and Frozen Desserts
2026 - Fluid Milk
2032 - Canned Specialties
2033 - Canned Fruits and Specialties
2034 - Dehydrated Fruits, Vegetables,
2035 - Pickles, Sauces, and Salad Dre
2037 - Frozen Fruits and Vegetables
2038 - Frozen Specialties, Nec
2041 - Flour and Other Grain Mill Pro
2043 - Cereal Breakfast Foods
2044 - Rice Milling
2045 - Prepared Flour Mixes and Dough
2046 - Wet Corn Milling
2047 - Dog and Cat Food
2048 - Prepared Feeds, Nec
2051 - Bread, Cake, and Related Produ
2052 - Cookies and Crackers
2053 - Frozen Bakery Products, Except
2061 - Raw Cane Sugar
2062 - Cane Sugar Refining
2063 - Beet Sugar
2064 - Candy and Other Confectionery 
2066 - Chocolate and Cocoa Products
2067 - Chewing Gum
2068 - Salted and Roasted Nuts and Se
2074 - Cottonseed Oil Mills
2075 - Soybean Oil Mills
2076 - Vegetable Oil Mills, Nec
2077 - Animal and Marine Fats and Oil
2079 - Edible Fats and Oils
2082 - Malt Beverages
2083 - Malt
2084 - Wines, Brandy, and Brandy Spir
2085 - Distilled and Blended Liquors
2086 - Bottled and Canned Soft Drinks
2087 - Flavoring Extracts and Syrups,
2091 - Canned and Cured Fish and Seaf
2092 - Fresh or Frozen Packaged Fish
2095 - Roasted Coffee
2096 - Potato Chips and Similar Snack
2097 - Manufactured Ice
2098 - Macaroni and Spaghetti
2099 - Food Preparations, Nec
2111 - Cigarettes
2121 - Cigars
2131 - Chewing and Smoking Tobacco
2141 - Tobacco Stemming and Redrying
2211 - Broadwoven Fabric Mills, Cotto
2221 - Broadwoven Fabric Mills, Manma
2231 - Broadwoven Fabric Mills, Wool
2241 - Narrow Fabric Mills
2251 - Women's Hosiery, Except Socks
2252 - Hosiery, Nec
2253 - Knit Outerwear Mills
2254 - Knit Underwear Mills
2257 - Weft Knit Fabric Mills
2258 - Lace and Warp Knit Fabric Mill
2259 - Knitting Mills, Nec
2261 - Finishing Plants, Cotton
2262 - Finishing Plants, Manmade
2269 - Finishing Plants, Nec
2273 - Carpets and Rugs
2281 - Yarn Spinning Mills
2282 - Throwing and Winding Mills
2284 - Thread Mills
2295 - Coated Fabrics, Not Rubberized
2296 - Tire Cord and Fabrics
2297 - Nonwoven Fabrics
2298 - Cordage and Twine
2299 - Textile Goods, Nec
2311 - Men's and Boy's Suits and Coat
2321 - Men's and Boy's Furnishings
2322 - Men's and Boy's Underwear and 
2323 - Men's and Boy's Neckwear
2325 - Men's and Boy's Trousers and S
2326 - Men's and Boy's Work Clothing
2329 - Men's and Boy's Clothing, Nec
2331 - Women's and Misses' Blouses an
2335 - Women's, Junior's, and Misses'
2337 - Women's and Misses' Suits and 
2339 - Women's and Misses' Outerwear,
2341 - Women's and Children's Underwe
2342 - Bras, Girdles, and Allied Garm
2353 - Hats, Caps, and Millinery
2361 - Girl's and Children's Dresses,
2369 - Girl's and Children's Outerwea
2371 - Fur Goods
2381 - Fabric Dress and Work Gloves
2384 - Robes and Dressing Gowns
2385 - Waterproof Outerwear
2386 - Leather and Sheep-lined Clothi
2387 - Apparel Belts
2389 - Apparel and Accessories, Nec
2391 - Curtains and Draperies
2392 - Household Furnishings, Nec
2393 - Textile Bags
2394 - Canvas and Related Products
2395 - Pleating and Stitching
2396 - Automotive and Apparel Trimmin
2397 - Schiffli Machine Embroideries
2399 - Fabricated Textile Products, N
2411 - Logging
2421 - Sawmills and Planing Mills, Ge
2426 - Hardwood Dimension and Floorin
2429 - Special Product Sawmills, Nec
2431 - Millwork
2434 - Wood Kitchen Cabinets
2435 - Hardwood Veneer and Plywood
2436 - Softwood Veneer and Plywood
2439 - Structural Wood Members, Nec
2441 - Nailed Wood Boxes and Shook
2448 - Wood Pallets and Skids
2449 - Wood Containers, Nec
2451 - Mobile Homes
2452 - Prefabricated Wood Buildings
2491 - Wood Preserving
2493 - Reconstituted Wood Products
2499 - Wood Products, Nec
2511 - Wood Household Furniture
2512 - Upholstered Household Furnitur
2514 - Metal Household Furniture
2515 - Mattresses and Bedsprings
2517 - Wood Television and Radio Cabi
2519 - Household Furniture, Nec
2521 - Wood Office Furniture
2522 - Office Furniture, Except Wood
2531 - Public Building and Related Fu
2541 - Wood Partitions and Fixtures
2542 - Partitions and Fixtures, Excep
2591 - Drapery Hardware and Blinds an
2599 - Furniture and Fixtures, Nec
2611 - Pulp Mills
2621 - Paper Mills
2631 - Paperboard Mills
2652 - Setup Paperboard Boxes
2653 - Corrugated and Solid Fiber Box
2655 - Fiber Cans, Drums, and Similar
2656 - Sanitary Food Containers
2657 - Folding Paperboard Boxes
2671 - Paper; Coated and Laminated Pa
2672 - Paper; Coated and Laminated, N
2673 - Bags: Plastic, Laminated, and 
2674 - Bags: Uncoated Paper and Multi
2675 - Die-cut Paper and Board
2676 - Sanitary Paper Products
2677 - Envelopes
2678 - Stationery Products
2679 - Converted Paper Products, Nec
2711 - Newspapers
2721 - Periodicals
2731 - Book Publishing
2732 - Book Printing
2741 - Miscellaneous Publishing
2752 - Commercial Printing, Lithograp
2754 - Commercial Printing, Gravure
2759 - Commercial Printing, Nec
2761 - Manifold Business Forms
2771 - Greeting Cards
2782 - Blankbooks and Looseleaf Binde
2789 - Bookbinding and Related Work
2791 - Typesetting
2796 - Platemaking Services
2812 - Alkalies and Chlorine
2813 - Industrial Gases
2816 - Inorganic Pigments
2819 - Industrial Inorganic Chemicals
2821 - Plastics Materials and Resins
2822 - Synthetic Rubber
2823 - Cellulo Manmade Fibers
2824 - Organic Fibers, Noncellulo
2833 - Medicinals and Botanicals
2834 - Pharmaceutical Preparations
2835 - Diagnostic Substances
2836 - Biological Products, Except Di
2841 - Soap and Other Detergents
2842 - Polishes and Sanitation Goods
2843 - Surface Active Agents
2844 - Toilet Preparations
2851 - Paints and Allied Products
2861 - Gum and Wood Chemicals
2865 - Cyclic Crudes and Intermediate
2869 - Industrial Organic Chemicals, 
2873 - Nitrogenous Fertilizers
2874 - Phosphatic Fertilizers
2875 - Fertilizers, Mixing Only
2879 - Agricultural Chemicals, Nec
2891 - Adhesives and Sealants
2892 - Explosives
2893 - Printing Ink
2895 - Carbon Black
2899 - Chemical Preparations, Nec
2911 - Petroleum Refining
2951 - Asphalt Paving Mixtures and Bl
2952 - Asphalt Felts and Coatings
2992 - Lubricating Oils and Greases
2999 - Petroleum and Coal Products, N
3011 - Tires and Inner Tubes
3021 - Rubber and Plastics Footwear
3052 - Rubber and Plastics Hose and B
3053 - Gaskets; Packing and Sealing D
3061 - Mechanical Rubber Goods
3069 - Fabricated Rubber Products, Ne
3081 - Unsupported Plastics Film and 
3082 - Unsupported Plastics Profile S
3083 - Laminated Plastics Plate and S
3084 - Plastics Pipe
3085 - Plastics Bottles
3086 - Plastics Foam Products
3087 - Custom Compound Purchased Resi
3088 - Plastics Plumbing Fixtures
3089 - Plastics Products, Nec
3111 - Leather Tanning and Finishing
3131 - Footwear Cut Stock
3142 - House Slippers
3143 - Men's Footwear, Except athleti
3144 - Women's Footwear, Except athle
3149 - Footwear, Except Rubber, Nec
3151 - Leather Gloves and Mittens
3161 - Luggage
3171 - Women's Handbags and Purses
3172 - Personal Leather Goods, Nec
3199 - Leather Goods, Nec
3211 - Flat Glass
3221 - Glass Containers
3229 - Pressed and Blown Glass, Nec
3231 - Products of Purchased Glass
3241 - Cement, Hydraulic
3251 - Brick and Structural Clay Tile
3253 - Ceramic Wall and Floor Tile
3255 - Clay Refractories
3259 - Structural Clay Products, Nec
3261 - Vitreous Plumbing Fixtures
3262 - Vitreous China Table and Kitch
3263 - Semivitreous Table and Kitchen
3264 - Porcelain Electrical Supplies
3269 - Pottery Products, Nec
3271 - Concrete Block and Brick
3272 - Concrete Products, Nec
3273 - Ready-mixed Concrete
3274 - Lime
3275 - Gypsum Products
3281 - Cut Stone and Stone Products
3291 - Abrasive Products
3292 - Asbestos Products
3295 - Minerals, Ground or Treated
3296 - Mineral Wool
3297 - Nonclay Refractories
3299 - Nonmetallic Mineral Products,
3312 - Blast Furnaces and Steel Mills
3313 - Electrometallurgical Products
3315 - Steel Wire and Related Product
3316 - Cold Finishing of Steel Shapes
3317 - Steel Pipe and Tubes
3321 - Gray and Ductile Iron Foundrie
3322 - Malleable Iron Foundries
3324 - Steel Investment Foundries
3325 - Steel Foundries, Nec
3331 - Primary Copper
3334 - Primary Aluminum
3339 - Primary Nonferrous Metals, Nec
3341 - Secondary Nonferrous Metals
3351 - Copper Rolling and Drawing
3353 - Aluminum Sheet, Plate, and Foi
3354 - Aluminum Extruded Products
3355 - Aluminum Rolling and Drawing, 
3356 - Nonferrous Rolling and Drawing
3357 - Nonferrous Wiredrawing and Ins
3363 - Aluminum Die-castings
3364 - Nonferrous Die-castings Except
3365 - Aluminum Foundries
3366 - Copper Foundries
3369 - Nonferrous Foundries, Nec
3398 - Metal Heat Treating
3399 - Primary Metal Products
3411 - Metal Cans
3412 - Metal Barrels, Drums, and Pail
3421 - Cutlery
3423 - Hand and Edge Tools, Nec
3425 - Saw Blades and Handsaws
3429 - Hardware, Nec
3431 - Metal Sanitary Ware
3432 - Plumbing Fixture Fittings and 
3433 - Heating Equipment, Except Elec
3441 - Fabricated Structural Metal
3442 - Metal Doors, Sash, and Trim
3443 - Fabricated Plate Work (boiler 
3444 - Sheet Metalwork
3446 - Architectural Metalwork
3448 - Prefabricated Metal Buildings
3449 - Miscellaneous Metalwork
3451 - Screw Machine Products
3452 - Bolts, Nuts, Rivets, and Washe
3462 - Iron and Steel Forgings
3463 - Nonferrous Forgings
3465 - Automotive Stampings
3466 - Crowns and Closures
3469 - Metal Stampings, Nec
3471 - Plating and Polishing
3479 - Metal Coating and Allied Servi
3482 - Small Arms Ammunition
3483 - Ammunition, Except For Small A
3484 - Small Arms
3489 - Ordnance and Accessories, Nec
3491 - Industrial Valves
3492 - Fluid Power Valves and Hose Fi
3493 - Steel Springs, Except Wire
3494 - Valves and Pipe Fittings, Nec
3495 - Wire Springs
3496 - Miscellaneous Fabricated Wire 
3497 - Metal Foil and Leaf
3498 - Fabricated Pipe and Fittings
3499 - Fabricated Metal Products, Nec
3511 - Turbines and Turbine Generator
3519 - Internal Combustion Engines, N
3523 - Farm Machinery and Equipment
3524 - Lawn and Garden Equipment
3531 - Construction Machinery
3532 - Mining Machinery
3533 - Oil and Gas Field Machinery
3534 - Elevators and Moving Stairways
3535 - Conveyors and Conveying Equipm
3536 - Hoists, Cranes, and Monorails
3537 - Industrial Trucks and Tractors
3541 - Machine Tools, Metal Cutting T
3542 - Machine Tools, Metal Forming T
3543 - Industrial Patterns
3544 - Special Dies, Tools, Jigs, and
3545 - Machine Tool Accessories
3546 - Power-driven Handtools
3547 - Rolling Mill Machinery
3548 - Welding Apparatus
3549 - Metalworking Machinery, Nec
3552 - Textile Machinery
3553 - Woodworking Machinery
3554 - Paper Industries Machinery
3555 - Printing Trades Machinery
3556 - Food Products Machinery
3559 - Special Industry Machinery, Ne
3561 - Pumps and Pumping Equipment
3562 - Ball and Roller Bearings
3563 - Air and Gas Compressors
3564 - Blowers and Fans
3565 - Packaging Machinery
3566 - Speed Changers, Drives, and Ge
3567 - Industrial Furnaces and Ovens
3568 - Power Transmission Equipment, 
3569 - General Industrial Machinery,
3571 - Electronic Computers
3572 - Computer Storage Devices
3575 - Computer Terminals
3577 - Computer Peripheral Equipment,
3578 - Calculating and Accounting Equ
3579 - Office Machines, Nec
3581 - Automatic Vending Machines
3582 - Commercial Laundry Equipment
3585 - Refrigeration and Heating Equi
3586 - Measuring and Dispensing Pumps
3589 - Service Industry Machinery, Ne
3592 - Carburetors, Pistons, Rings, V
3593 - Fluid Power Cylinders and Actu
3594 - Fluid Power Pumps and Motors
3596 - Scales and Balances, Except La
3599 - Industrial Machinery, Nec
3612 - Power, Distribution and Specia
3613 - Switchgear and Switchboard App
3621 - Motors and Generators
3624 - Carbon and Graphite Products
3625 - Relays and Industrial Controls
3629 - Electrical Industrial Apparatu
3631 - Household Cooking Equipment
3632 - Household Refrigerators and Fr
3633 - Household Laundry Equipment
3634 - Electric Housewares and Fans
3635 - Household Vacuum Cleaners
3639 - Household Appliances, Nec
3641 - Electric Lamps
3643 - Current-carrying Wiring Device
3644 - Noncurrent-carrying Wiring Dev
3645 - Residential Lighting Fixtures
3646 - Commercial Lighting Fixtures
3647 - Vehicular Lighting Equipment
3648 - Lighting Equipment, Nec
3651 - Household Audio and Video Equi
3652 - Prerecorded Records and Tapes
3661 - Telephone and Telegraph Appara
3663 - Radio and T.v. Communications 
3669 - Communications Equipment, Nec
3671 - Electron Tubes
3672 - Printed Circuit Boards
3674 - Semiconductors and Related Dev
3675 - Electronic Capacitors
3676 - Electronic Resistors
3677 - Electronic Coils and Transform
3678 - Electronic Connectors
3679 - Electronic Components, Nec
3691 - Storage Batteries
3692 - Primary Batteries, Dry and Wet
3694 - Engine Electrical Equipment
3695 - Magnetic and Optical Recording
3699 - Electrical Equipment and Suppl
3711 - Motor Vehicles and Car Bodies
3713 - Truck and Bus Bodies
3714 - Motor Vehicle Parts and Access
3715 - Truck Trailers
3716 - Motor Homes
3721 - Aircraft
3724 - Aircraft Engines and Engine Pa
3728 - Aircraft Parts and Equipment, 
3731 - Shipbuilding and Repairing
3732 - Boatbuilding and Repairing
3743 - Railroad Equipment
3751 - Motorcycles, Bicycles, and Par
3761 - Guided Missiles and Space Vehi
3764 - Space Propulsion Units and Par
3769 - Space Vehicle Equipment, Nec
3789 - Business Planning and Organizi
3792 - Travel Trailers and Campers
3795 - Tanks and Tank Components
3799 - Transportation Equipment, Nec
3812 - Search and Navigation Equipmen
3821 - Laboratory Apparatus and Furni
3822 - Environmental Controls
3823 - Process Control Instruments
3824 - Fluid Meters and Counting Devi
3825 - Instruments To Measure Electri
3826 - Analytical Instruments
3827 - Optical Instruments and Lenses
3829 - Measuring and Controlling Devi
3841 - Surgical and Medical Instrumen
3842 - Surgical Appliances and Suppli
3843 - Dental Equipment and Supplies
3844 - X-ray Apparatus and Tubes
3845 - Electromedical Equipment
3851 - Ophthalmic Goods
3861 - Photographic Equipment and Sup
3873 - Watches, Clocks, Watchcases, a
3911 - Jewelry, Precious Metal
3914 - Silverware and Plated Ware
3915 - Jewelers' Materials and Lapida
3931 - Mual Instruments
3942 - Dolls and Stuffed Toys
3944 - Games, Toys, and Children's Ve
3949 - Sporting and athletic Goods, N
3951 - Pens and Mechanical Pencils
3952 - Lead Pencils and Art Goods
3953 - Marking Devices
3955 - Carbon Paper and Inked Ribbons
3961 - Costume Jewelry
3965 - Fasteners, Buttons, Needles, a
3991 - Brooms and Brushes
3993 - Signs and Advertising Specialt
3995 - Burial Caskets
3996 - Hard Surface Floor Coverings, 
3999 - Manufacturing Industries, Nec
4011 - Railroads, Line-haul Operating
4013 - Switching and Terminal Service
4111 - Local and Suburban Transit
4119 - Local Passenger Transportation
4121 - Taxicabs
4131 - Intercity and Rural Bus Transp
4141 - Local Bus Charter Service
4142 - Bus Charter Service, Except Lo
4151 - School Buses
4173 - Bus Terminal and Service Facil
4212 - Local Trucking, Without Storag
4213 - Trucking, Except Local
4214 - Local Trucking With Storage
4215 - Courier Services, Except By Ai
4221 - Farm Product Warehousing and S
4222 - Refrigerated Warehousing and S
4225 - General Warehousing and Storag
4226 - Special Warehousing and Storag
4231 - Trucking Terminal Facilities
4311 - U.S. Postal Service
4412 - Deep Sea Foreign Transportatio
4424 - Deep Sea Domestic Transportati
4432 - Freight Transportation On The 
4449 - Water Transportation of Freigh
4481 - Deep Sea Passenger Transportat
4482 - Ferries
4489 - Water Passenger Transportation
4491 - Marine Cargo Handling
4492 - Towing and Tugboat Service
4493 - Marinas
4499 - Water Transportation Services,
4512 - Air Transportation, Scheduled
4513 - Air Courier Services
4522 - Air Transportation, Nonschedul
4581 - Airports, Flying Fields, and S
4612 - Crude Petroleum Pipelines
4613 - Refined Petroleum Pipelines
4619 - Pipelines, Nec
4724 - Travel Agencies
4725 - Tour Operators
4729 - Passenger Transportation Arran
4731 - Freight Transportation Arrange
4741 - Rental of Railroad Cars
4783 - Packing and Crating
4785 - Inspection and Fixed Facilitie
4789 - Transportation Services, Nec
4812 - Radiotelephone Communication
4813 - Telephone Communication, Excep
4822 - Telegraph and Other Communicat
4832 - Radio Broadcasting Stations
4833 - Television Broadcasting Statio
4841 - Cable and Other Pay Television
4899 - Communication Services, Nec
4911 - Electric Services
4922 - Natural Gas Transmission
4923 - Gas Transmission and Distribut
4924 - Natural Gas Distribution
4925 - Gas Production and/or Distribu
4931 - Electric and Other Services Co
4932 - Gas and Other Services Combine
4939 - Combination Utilities, Nec
4941 - Water Supply
4952 - Sewerage Systems
4953 - Refuse Systems
4959 - Sanitary Services, Nec
4961 - Steam and Air-conditioning Sup
4971 - Irrigation Systems
5012 - Automobiles and Other Motor Ve
5013 - Motor Vehicle Supplies and New
5014 - Tires and Tubes
5015 - Motor Vehicle Parts, Used
5021 - Furniture
5023 - Homefurnishings
5031 - Lumber, Plywood, and Millwork
5032 - Brick, Stone, and Related Mate
5033 - Roofing, Siding, and Insulatio
5039 - Construction Materials, Nec
5043 - Photographic Equipment and Sup
5044 - Office Equipment
5045 - Computers, Peripherals, and So
5046 - Commercial Equipment, Nec
5047 - Medical and Hospital Equipment
5048 - Ophthalmic Goods
5049 - Professional Equipment, Nec
5051 - Metals Service Centers and Off
5052 - Coal and Other Minerals and Or
5063 - Electrical Apparatus and Equip
5064 - Electrical Appliances, Televis
5065 - Electronic Parts and Equipment
5072 - Hardware
5074 - Plumbing and Hydronic Heating 
5075 - Warm Air Heating and Air Condi
5078 - Refrigeration Equipment and Su
5082 - Construction and Mining Machin
5083 - Farm and Garden Machinery
5084 - Industrial Machinery and Equip
5085 - Industrial Supplies
5087 - Service Establishment Equipmen
5088 - Transportation Equipment and S
5091 - Sporting and Recreation Goods
5092 - Toys and Hobby Goods and Suppl
5093 - Scrap and Waste Materials
5094 - Jewelry and Precious Stones
5099 - Durable Goods, Nec
5111 - Printing and Writing Paper
5112 - Stationery and Office Supplies
5113 - Industrial and Personal Servic
5122 - Drugs, Proprietaries, and Sund
5131 - Piece Goods and Notions
5136 - Men's and Boy's Clothing
5137 - Women's and Children's Clothin
5139 - Footwear
5141 - Groceries, General Line
5142 - Packaged Frozen Goods
5143 - Dairy Products, Except Dried o
5144 - Poultry and Poultry Products
5145 - Confectionery
5146 - Fish and Seafoods
5147 - Meats and Meat Products
5148 - Fresh Fruits and Vegetables
5149 - Groceries and Related Products
5153 - Grain and Field Beans
5154 - Livestock
5159 - Farm-product Raw Materials, Ne
5162 - Plastics Materials and Ba Shap
5169 - Chemicals and Allied Products,
5171 - Petroleum Bulk Stations and Te
5172 - Petroleum Products, Nec
5181 - Beer and Ale
5182 - Wine and Distilled Beverages
5191 - Farm Supplies
5192 - Books, Periodicals, and Newspa
5193 - Flowers and Florists Supplies
5194 - Tobacco and Tobacco Products
5198 - Paints, Varnishes, and Supplie
5199 - Nondurable Goods, Nec
5211 - Lumber and Other Building Mate
5231 - Paint, Glass, and Wallpaper St
5251 - Hardware Stores
5261 - Retail Nurseries and Garden St
5271 - Mobile Home Dealers
5311 - Department Stores
5331 - Variety Stores
5399 - Miscellaneous General Merchand
5411 - Grocery Stores
5421 - Meat and Fish Markets
5431 - Fruit and Vegetable Markets
5441 - Candy, Nut, and Confectionery 
5451 - Dairy Products Stores
5461 - Retail Bakeries
5499 - Miscellaneous Food Stores
5511 - New and Used Car Dealers
5521 - Used Car Dealers
5531 - Auto and Home Supply Stores
5541 - Gasoline Service Stations
5551 - Boat Dealers
5561 - Recreational Vehicle Dealers
5571 - Motorcycle Dealers
5599 - Automotive Dealers, Nec
5611 - Men's and Boys' Clothing Store
5621 - Women's Clothing Stores
5632 - Women's Accessory and Specialt
5641 - Children's and Infants' Wear S
5651 - Family Clothing Stores
5661 - Shoe Stores
5699 - Miscellaneous Apparel and Acce
5712 - Furniture Stores
5713 - Floor Covering Stores
5714 - Drapery and Upholstery Stores
5719 - Miscellaneous Homefurnishings
5722 - Household Appliance Stores
5731 - Radio, Television, and Electro
5734 - Computer and Software Stores
5735 - Record and Prerecorded Tape St
5736 - Mual Instrument Stores
5812 - Eating Places
5813 - Drinking Places
5912 - Drug Stores and Proprietary St
5921 - Liquor Stores
5932 - Used Merchandise Stores
5941 - Sporting Goods and Bicycle Sho
5942 - Book Stores
5943 - Stationery Stores
5944 - Jewelry Stores
5945 - Hobby, Toy, and Game Shops
5946 - Camera and Photographic Supply
5947 - Gift, Novelty, and Souvenir Sh
5948 - Luggage and Leather Goods Stor
5949 - Sewing, Needlework, and Piece 
5961 - Catalog and Mail-order Houses
5962 - Merchandising Machine Operator
5963 - Direct Selling Establishments
5983 - Fuel Oil Dealers
5984 - Liquefied Petroleum Gas Dealer
5989 - Fuel Dealers, Nec
5992 - Florists
5993 - Tobacco Stores and Stands
5994 - News Dealers and Newsstands
5995 - Optical Goods Stores
5999 - Miscellaneous Retail Stores, N
6011 - Federal Reserve Banks
6019 - Central Reserve Depository, Ne
6021 - National Commercial Banks
6022 - State Commercial Banks
6029 - Commercial Banks, Nec
6035 - Federal Savings Institutions
6036 - Savings Institutions, Except F
6061 - Federal Credit Unions
6062 - State Credit Unions
6081 - Foreign Bank and Branches and 
6082 - Foreign Trade and Internationa
6091 - Nondeposit Trust Facilities
6099 - Functions Related To Depositor
6111 - Federal and Federally Sponsore
6141 - Personal Credit Institutions
6153 - Short-term Business Credit
6159 - Miscellaneous Business Credit
6162 - Mortgage Bankers and Correspon
6163 - Loan Brokers
6211 - Security Brokers and Dealers
6221 - Commodity Contracts Brokers, D
6231 - Security and Commodity Exchang
6282 - Investment Advice
6289 - Security and Commodity Service
6311 - Life Insurance
6321 - Accident and Health Insurance
6324 - Hospital and Medical Service P
6331 - Fire, Marine, and Casualty Ins
6351 - Surety Insurance
6361 - Title Insurance
6371 - Pension, Health, and Welfare F
6399 - Insurance Carriers, Nec
6411 - Insurance Agents, Brokers, and
6512 - Nonresidential Building Operat
6513 - Apartment Building Operators
6514 - Dwelling Operators, Except Apa
6515 - Mobile Home Site Operators
6517 - Railroad Property Lessors
6519 - Real Property Lessors, Nec
6531 - Real Estate Agents and Manager
6541 - Title abstract Offices
6552 - Subdividers and Developers, Ne
6553 - Cemetery Subdividers and Devel
6712 - Bank Holding Companies
6719 - Holding Companies, Nec
6722 - Management Investment, Open-en
6726 - Investment Offices, Nec
6732 - Trusts: Educational, Religious
6733 - Trusts, Nec
6792 - Oil Royalty Traders
6794 - Patent Owners and Lessors
6798 - Real Estate Investment Trusts
6799 - Investors, Nec
7011 - Hotels and Motels
7021 - Rooming and Boarding Houses
7032 - Sporting and Recreational Camp
7033 - Trailer Parks and Campsites
7041 - Membership-basis Organization 
7211 - Power Laundries, Family and Co
7212 - Garment Pressing and Cleaners'
7213 - Linen Supply
7215 - Coin-operated Laundries and Cl
7216 - Drycleaning Plants, Except Rug
7217 - Carpet and Upholstery Cleaning
7218 - Industrial Launderers
7219 - Laundry and Garment Services, 
7221 - Photographic Studios, Portrait
7231 - Beauty Shops
7241 - Barber Shops
7251 - Shoe Repair and Shoeshine Parl
7261 - Funeral Service and Crematorie
7291 - Tax Return Preparation Service
7299 - Miscellaneous Personal Service
7311 - Advertising Agencies
7312 - Outdoor Advertising Services
7313 - Radio, Television, Publisher R
7319 - Advertising, Nec
7322 - Adjustment and Collection Serv
7323 - Credit Reporting Services
7331 - Direct Mail Advertising Servic
7334 - Photocopying and Duplicating S
7335 - Commercial Photography
7336 - Commercial Art and Graphic Des
7338 - Secretarial and Court Reportin
7342 - Disinfecting and Pest Control 
7349 - Building Maintenance Services,
7352 - Medical Equipment Rental
7353 - Heavy Construction Equipment R
7359 - Equipment Rental and Leasing, 
7361 - Employment Agencies
7363 - Help Supply Services
7371 - Custom Computer Programming Se
7372 - Prepackaged Software
7373 - Computer Integrated Systems De
7374 - Data Processing and Preparatio
7375 - Information Retrieval Services
7376 - Computer Facilities Management
7377 - Computer Rental and Leasing
7378 - Computer Maintenance and Repai
7379 - Computer Related Services, Nec
7381 - Detective and Armored Car Serv
7382 - Security Systems Services
7383 - News Syndicates
7384 - Photofinish Laboratories
7389 - Business Services, Nec
7513 - Truck Rental and Leasing, With
7514 - Passenger Car Rental
7515 - Passenger Car Leasing
7519 - Utility Trailer Rental
7521 - Automobile Parking
7532 - Top and Body Repair and Paint 
7533 - Auto Exhaust System Repair Sho
7534 - Tire Retreading and Repair Sho
7536 - Automotive Glass Replacement S
7537 - Automotive Transmission Repair
7538 - General Automotive Repair Shop
7539 - Automotive Repair Shops, Nec
7542 - Carwashes
7549 - Automotive Services, Nec
7622 - Radio and Television Repair
7623 - Refrigeration Service and Repa
7629 - Electrical Repair Shops
7631 - Watch, Clock, and Jewelry Repa
7641 - Reupholstery and Furniture Rep
7692 - Welding Repair
7694 - Armature Rewinding Shops
7699 - Repair Services, Nec
7812 - Motion Picture and Video Produ
7819 - Services Allied To Motion Pict
7822 - Motion Picture and Tape Distri
7829 - Motion Picture Distribution Se
7832 - Motion Picture Theaters, Excep
7833 - Drive-in Motion Picture Theate
7841 - Video Tape Rental
7911 - Dance Studios, Schools, and Ha
7922 - Theatrical Producers and Servi
7929 - Entertainers and Entertainment
7933 - Bowling Centers
7941 - Sports Clubs, Managers, and Pr
7948 - Racing, Including Track Operat
7991 - Phyal Fitness Facilities
7992 - Public Golf Courses
7993 - Coin-operated Amusement Device
7996 - Amusement Parks
7997 - Membership Sports and Recreati
7999 - Amusement and Recreation, Nec
8011 - Offices and Clinics of Medical
8021 - Offices and Clinics of Dentist
8031 - Offices and Clinics of Osteopa
8041 - Offices and Clinics of Chiropr
8042 - Offices and Clinics of Optomet
8043 - Offices and Clinics of Podiatr
8049 - Offices of Health Practitioner
8051 - Skilled Nursing Care Facilitie
8052 - Intermediate Care Facilities
8059 - Nursing and Personal Care, Nec
8062 - General Medical and Surgical H
8063 - Psychiatric Hospitals
8069 - Specialty Hospitals, Except Ps
8071 - Medical Laboratories
8072 - Dental Laboratories
8082 - Home Health Care Services
8092 - Kidney Dialysis Centers
8093 - Specialty Outpatient Clinics, 
8099 - Health and Allied Services, Ne
8111 - Legal Services
8211 - Elementary and Secondary Schoo
8221 - Colleges and Universities
8222 - Junior Colleges
8231 - Libraries
8243 - Data Processing Schools
8244 - Business and Secretarial Schoo
8249 - Vocational Schools, Nec
8299 - Schools and Educational Servic
8322 - Individual and Family Services
8331 - Job Training and Related Servi
8351 - Child Day Care Services
8361 - Residential Care
8399 - Social Services, Nec
8412 - Museums and Art Galleries
8422 - Botanical and Zoological Garde
8611 - Business Associations
8621 - Professional Organizations
8631 - Labor Organizations
8641 - Civic and Social Associations
8651 - Political Organizations
8661 - Religious Organizations
8699 - Membership Organizations, Nec
8711 - Engineering Services
8712 - Architectural Services
8713 - Surveying Services
8721 - Accounting, Auditing, and Book
8731 - Commercial Phyal Research
8732 - Commercial Nonphyal Research
8733 - Noncommercial Research Organiz
8734 - Testing Laboratories
8741 - Management Services
8742 - Management Consulting Services
8743 - Public Relations Services
8744 - Facilities Support Services
8748 - Business Consulting, Nec
8811 - 
8999 - Services, Nec
9111 - Executive Offices
9121 - Legislative Bodies
9131 - Executive and Legislative Comb
9199 - General Government, Nec
9211 - Courts
9221 - Police Protection
9222 - Legal Counsel and Prosecution
9223 - Correctional Institutions
9224 - Fire Protection
9229 - Public Order and Safety, Nec
9311 - Finance, Taxation, and Monetar
9411 - Administration of Educational 
9431 - Administration of Public Healt
9441 - Administration of Social and M
9451 - Administration of Veterans' Af
9511 - Air, Water, and Solid Waste Ma
9512 - Land, Mineral, and Wildlife Co
9531 - Housing Programs
9532 - Urban and Community Developmen
9611 - Administration of General Econ
9621 - Regulation, Administration of 
9631 - Regulation, Administration of 
9641 - Regulation of Agricultural Mar
9651 - Regulation, Miscellaneous Comm
9661 - Space Research and Technology
9711 - National Security
9721 - International Affairs
9999 - Nonclassifiable establishments




	Carrier Group
	




Premium Service Required
All




	Current Carrier
	



Premium Service Required
All








 Company





	Name
	










	Standard Premium 




To






	Employees 



All
1-4
5-9
10-19
20-49
50-99
100-249
250-499
500-999
1000+


To


All
1-4
5-9
10-19
20-49
50-99
100-249
250-499
500-999
1000+





	Company Size



All
< $1 Million
$1 - $4.9 Million
$5 - $9.9 Million
$10 - $24.9 Million
$25 - $74.9 Million
$75 - $199.9 Million
$200 - $499.9 Million
$500 - $999.9 Million
$1 Billion +


To


All
< $1 Million
$1 - $4.9 Million
$5 - $9.9 Million
$10 - $24.9 Million
$25 - $74.9 Million
$75 - $199.9 Million
$200 - $499.9 Million
$500 - $999.9 Million
$1 Billion +







	Addl. Options
	 


PEO Only
With Phone Number
With Email








 











Policy
Carrier
Call


Sample Company


112½ Beacon Street
Boston,
  MA
02108
SIC:0
Class:Bar, Nightclub 899


FEIN:22-123456789
Bureau #:1234567
Expiration:08-30-2020
Renewal Mod:1.23









Employees
Total Sales
Total Payroll
Total Losses
Total Premium
Annual Premium






 







Carrier


Call





Contacts 







 









Current Term




Class Code
Description
Base Rate
Mod Rate




0
None
0.00
0.00






Carrier History




Policy Term
Exp. Mod
Carrier
LCM




08-30-2020
1.23
Applied Underwriters
1.34


08-30-2019
1.33
Applied Underwriters
1.24







Notes 




 








Agent
Date
Note





Norm
09-30-1982
First contacted them.







 
 






Auto-Dial






Hangup







 Flag 


 Save
 Contacted
 Follow Up
 Appointment
 Quoting
 Account Written
 Call Next Year
 Hide
 Remove Flag



 Prev
Next 










×
Save an Appointment





Set Appointment








    	Copyright ©2014-2016 Insurance Xdate, LLC | All Rights Reserved
 | Terms of Service

























Crestline Management, L.P. - Financial Services Firm, Fort Worth, Texas - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Crestline Management, L.P.





Crestline Management, L.P.



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Crestline Management, L.P.









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Crestline Management, L.P. is a RIA based in Fort Worth, TX with $8B in AUM and with 1 advisor nationwide.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Fort Worth, TX 




# OF EMPLOYEES
101


Total Assets
$8,410,462,698



Website







Location
        



201 Main St


Fort Worth,
TX
76102


817-339-7600









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on April 15, 2017





$8.4B
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






87

          
Accounts
          


$96.7M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
1





name

start date









Douglas Kelvin Bratton

January 2003 











View All Advisors



















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Cl Ascent Gp
              
--
              
--
              


Crestline Denali Capital, L.P.
              
IAR
              
$1,107,151,970
              


Crestline Europe, LLP
              
--
              
--
              


Dc Funding Partners LLC
              
IAR
              
$763,463,181
              


SAME
              
IAR
              
$23,622
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Douglas Kelvin Bratton

Limited Partner/Ceo/President
      
January, 1998
      
25% to 50%
      


John S. Cochran

Coo
      
June, 2001
      
less than 5%
      


Camille Sassman

Chief Financial Officer
      
January, 2012
      
less than 5%
      


Jesus Humberto Payan

Chief Legal Officer
      
January, 2007
      
less than 5%
      


Caroline Ann Cooley

Vice-President
      
June, 2001
      
less than 5%
      


Paula Baty Roberts

Chief Compliance Officer
      
March, 2017
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations



































Crestline Management LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback






















































crestline management lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Crestline Management, L.P. operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers portfolio management and advisory services to individuals, institutions, trusts, private funds, charitable organizations, and investment companies. Crestline Management serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

201 Main Street
Suite 1900
Fort Worth, TX 76102
United States


Phone:
1-817-339-7600


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.crestlineinvestors.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Douglas K Bratton


Founding Partner




Gregory Robert Cooper


Senior Mng Dir:Denali




Phil Harris


Mng Dir/Head:Equity Strategies




Bill Braxton


Managing Director




Sean Gannon


Managing Director




David Mabry


Managing Director




Bruce Pflug


Managing Director




Andrey Panna


Managing Director




Sanjeev Sarkar


Managing Director




Christopher Semple "Chris"


Managing Director




Rahul Vaid


Managing Director




David Finch


Managing Director




David F Philipp "Dave"


Managing Director/Co-Head




Jeremiah Loeffler


Managing Director:Operations




John Cochran


Partner/COO




Caroline Cooley


Partner/CIO-Hedge Fund Solutions




Keith Williams


Partner/Portfolio Manager




W B Kirchner "Bud"


Portfolio Operating Partner




David Paul Killion


CEO:Denali Capital




Paul Robson


President:Canada




Michael Guy


Chief Investment Ofcr:Europe




John Paul Thacker


Chief Credit Ofcr:Denali Capital




Neilson Arbour


Various Positions




Jonathan Ben-Horin


Director




William Palmer


Director




Alfonso Ramirez


Director




Scott Henshaw


VP/Head:Beta Mgmt




Paul Choy


Manager:Portfolio




Samuel Matthew Katz "Matt"


Manager:Portfolio




Jeff Marcinowski


Dir:Credit




Jeff Tack


Dir:Fixed Income



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































CRESTLINE MANAGEMENT, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      CRESTLINE MANAGEMENT, LP
                    

HTTPS://WWW.CRESTLINEINVESTORS.COM
•   FORT WORTH, TX
                          • Investment Advisor
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Crestline Management is based out of Fort Worth. Crestline Management is a hedge fund  with  26-100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $8,410,462,698 (Form ADV from 2016-09-01).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $546,479,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 77.86%. Crestline Management's largest holding is JUNO THERAPEUTICS INC with shares held of 17,348,799.   WhaleWisdom has at least 16 13F filings in our database for Crestline Management. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from CRESTLINE MANAGEMENT, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


FDX
        
        FedEx Corporation
0.9%



DOV
        
        Dover Corp.
0.897%



AGU
        
        Agrium, Inc
0.874%



CE
        
        Celanese Corp. (New...
0.805%



BG
        
        Bunge Ltd. ADR
0.76%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


BXS
         
         BancorpSouth, Inc.
0.543%


HBAN
         
         Huntington Bancshar...
0.528%


EW
         
         Edwards Lifescience...
0.455%


MTB
         
         M&T Bank Corp.
0.43%


BIIB
         
         BIOGEN INC
0.413%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


JUNO
                                                  
                                                  JUNO THERAPEUTICS INC
70.4453%


FNB
                                                  
                                                  F.N.B. Corp.
1.0476%


FDX
                                                  
                                                  FedEx Corporation
0.8999%


DOV
                                                  
                                                  Dover Corp.
0.8968%


AGU
                                                  
                                                  Agrium, Inc
0.8743%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $546.479 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $400.734 Million
New Purchases66 stocks
Additional Purchases27 stocks
Sold out of36 stocks
Reduced holdings in14 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %77.86%
Turnover %
                        [1]:91.07%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:21.12%
Time Held Top20:0.75 quarters
Time Held Top10:1.00 quarters
Time Held All:0.79 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for CRESTLINE MANAGEMENT, LP






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
-4.38%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
-23.66%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







  This lets you look at individual sub managers or subsidiaries within
  the 13F filing.




Quarter:
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager:






Optionally compare to:



Quarter 2:
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager 2:













Number of shares is NOT split-adjusted



View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

CRESTLINE MANAGEMENT, L.P.

Classified as Hedge Fund

201 MAIN STREET
SUITE 1900

FORT WORTH
TX
            
        76102-3135
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          817-339-7600
Fax:
              817-339-7378


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Partnership 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
101


Other Business Activities:
commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor 


Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
3,790,880,000



            Total Number of Clients:
          
50



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          
4,483,440,000



                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              
37


Disclosures:




HTTPS://WWW.CRESTLINEINVESTORS.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

























