






























Parallel Advisors LLC Acquires 11,885 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Enterprise Products Partners L.P.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Enterprise Products Partners L.P. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Cedar Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:CDR) Earns “Outperform” Rating from FBR & Co
Guess?, Inc. (NYSE:GES) Research Coverage Started at FBR & Co
American International Group Inc. Has $491,000 Stake in iStar Financial Inc. (NYSE:STAR)
Parallel Advisors LLC Acquires 11,885 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)
U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:SLCA) Position Increased by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP
News Corporation (NWSA) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG
Deckers Outdoor Corporation (NYSE:DECK) Stake Reduced by UBS Group AG
Botty Investors LLC Has $1.76 Million Position in Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB)
UBS Group AG Has $748,000 Position in Valero Energy Partners LP (NYSE:VLP)
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Position in Pacific Premier Bancorp Inc (NASDAQ:PPBI)
Pathstone Family Office LLC Takes Position in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE)
Duke Energy Corporation (NYSE:DUK) Shares Bought by Bank of The Ozarks
Wellington Shields & Co. LLC Has $1 Million Stake in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)
Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $1.69 Million Stake in Western New England Bancorp (NASDAQ:WNEB)
Waters Corporation’s (NYSE:WAT) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Bank of America Corporation
FY2017 EPS Estimates for T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ:TMUS) Lifted by William Blair
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Senior Housing Properties Trust (NYSE:SNH) Stock Price
Geode Capital Management LLC Buys 15,297 Shares of Capella Education Company (NASDAQ:CPLA)
Phillips 66 (PSX) Upgraded to “B-” by TheStreet
Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) Given a €105.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets







Parallel Advisors LLC Acquires 11,885 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




Parallel Advisors LLC raised its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) by 14.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 96,660 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after buying an additional 11,885 shares during the period. Parallel Advisors LLC’s holdings in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. were worth $2,616,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. GM Advisory Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 66.3% in the first quarter. GM Advisory Group Inc. now owns 14,550 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $402,000 after buying an additional 5,800 shares during the last quarter.  Botty Investors LLC boosted its position in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 1.0% in the first quarter. Botty Investors LLC now owns 23,586 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $648,000 after buying an additional 236 shares during the last quarter.  Global Endowment Management LP boosted its position in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 1.1% in the first quarter. Global Endowment Management LP now owns 105,888 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $2,924,000 after buying an additional 1,200 shares during the last quarter.  Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 6.1% in the first quarter. Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. now owns 430,981 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $11,899,000 after buying an additional 24,666 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Putnam FL Investment Management Co. boosted its position in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 2.6% in the first quarter. Putnam FL Investment Management Co. now owns 28,604 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $790,000 after buying an additional 712 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  38.52% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Enterprise Products Partners L.P. alerts:



Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) opened at 27.32 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $58.37 billion, a PE ratio of 22.12 and a beta of 0.89. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has a 1-year low of $24.01 and a 1-year high of $30.25. The company has a 50-day moving average of $26.93 and a 200-day moving average of $27.49. 





Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas producer reported $0.36 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.04. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. had a net margin of 10.31% and a return on equity of 11.73%. The firm had revenue of $7.32 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.05 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.33 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 46.3% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities research analysts predict that  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. will post $1.41 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, August 7th. Investors of record on Monday, July 31st will be issued a $0.42 dividend. This represents a $1.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 6.15%. This is an increase from Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.42. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, July 27th. Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s dividend payout ratio  is 133.87%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Parallel Advisors LLC Acquires 11,885 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)” was first  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/parallel-advisors-llc-acquires-11885-shares-of-enterprise-products-partners-l-p-nyseepd.html. 
Several research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Scotiabank  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 target price on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Friday. Stifel Nicolaus  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 target price on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Friday, July 14th. BMO Capital Markets  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 target price on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Wednesday, July 12th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, July 6th. Finally, Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $26.37 to $26.50 in a report on Thursday, June 15th. One analyst  has rated the stock with a hold rating, seventeen have assigned  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $32.05.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Company Profile
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (Enterprise) is a provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products in North America. The Company’s segments include NGL Pipelines & Services; Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD).







Receive News & Ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































Crest Equity Partners 24/7, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Crest Equity Partners 24/7, L.P.
List of persons related to the company Crest Equity Partners 24/7, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Crest Equity Partners 24/7, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001709354Company address: 630 UNIVERSITY AVENUE SUITE B PALO ALTO 94301Phone number: (650) 996-3716



People related to Crest Equity Partners 24/7, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryK. Hwasta  Gerald630 University Avenue Suite BPalo AltoCA




Crest Equity Partners 24/7, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesCREST FUND L P, Crest Holding, L.L.C., Crest Surgical Products, LLC, Cresta Energy Fund I LP, Crestar Real Estate Income Fund I, LLC, Crestcom International Holdings, LLC, Crestcom PEP Investors, LLC, Crested Crane, LP, Cresthill Partners LP, Cresthill Partners Offshore Ltd, Crestleigh Investors LP, Crestleigh Investors Parallel LP, Crestlight Connected Industry Fund, L.P., Crestlight ET Associates, LLC, Crestlight Venture Partners Fund I, L.P.












 










CCV LLC


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







CCV LLC
Fund Manager






Institutional Investors

Fund Managers

CCV LLC





















CCV LLC
is  a Delaware Fund Manager located in New York,
New York.  
 

It was registered on Monday, November 09, 2015.






295 Lafayette Street
New York,
New York, 
10012 
United States
Phone: (646) 661-7677
https://cadre.com



Chief Compliance Officer
Jay Haas
Chief Executive Officer
Ryan Williams




Inception Date2015-11-09
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 19:46:59.541996
As of Date2017-03-31
Latest Filing2017-03-31
SEC Number801-106894
CRD Number281876
Inception2015-11-09
Legal NameCCV LLC
NameCCV LLC
Legal Entity TypeLimited Liability Company











Statements



Employees


Regulatory AUM






Funds



Real Estate Funds: 9












03-17
05-16
03-16




Employees
6.00
5.00
5.00











03-17
05-16
03-16




Regulatory Assets Under Management
75.92M
25.00M
25.00M







Real Estate Funds: 2017-03-31



UWS Broadway Investors Parallel LP
Delaware


West Putnam Investors LP
Delaware


West Putnam Investors Parallel LP
Delaware


Crestleigh Investors LP
Delaware


UWS Broadway Investors LP
Delaware


Skyridge Investors Parallel LP
Delaware


Skyridge Investors LP
Delaware


Crestleigh Investors Parallel LP
Delaware


QP RC Employee Fund, LP
Delaware
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC











The 99 Investor Problem - Feld Thoughts





















































































 

















Press enter to search
 

Archive
Marathons
Books
About
Legal
 
Back to Top





January 22, 2014
The 99 Investor Problem


When the JOBS Act was finalized, one of the rule changes that had a lot of fanfare around it was the increase in the number of shareholders a private company could have. Prior to the JOBS Act, it was 500, after which point the company had to register and report to the SEC just like it was a public company (even if it hadn’t gone public.) This was a major issue for many fast growing companies that either went through strange contortions not to have 500 investors, or filed with the SEC to get no-action letters. There were plenty of nuances around this rule and I was in the middle of several situations that structured around it legally. Each time it was a lot of overhead for the company in question, none of which added anything to the system except fees to the lawyers.
Lifting the number of investors to 2000 seemed to make sense. In the situations I was involved in it would have immediately solved the specific problem. So that’s good.
But ever since we started working with AngelList on FG Angels, we’ve been wrestling with something called we’ve been referring to as the 99 Investor Problem. We structure our investment in companies via an LLC that has all the individual FG Angels syndicate members in it. This simplifies life for the company as they only end up with 1 investor – the FG Angels syndicate LCC – rather than a bunch of individual investors. At this point we have 217 backers in our syndicate, so with us each company would end up having 218 separate investors if we didn’t use the LLC.
If everyone was on the cap table, the company would have to chase down 218 signatures for everything. Instead, using our approach, they have effectively two investors – our FG Angels syndicate (one investor) and Foundry Group (another investor). Two signatures. Much easier. We handle the Foundry Group signature. AngelList handles the syndicate signature.
Except it doesn’t work that way. The SEC limits an LLC to having 99 investors. So we can only have 99 of the 217 syndicate members participate. Now, there’s a nuance that excludes “qualified purchasers” (QPs) – individuals with $5M in assets and firms with $25M in assets – from the 99 investor count. Overall our QPs + the top 99 investors in our syndicate represent $321,000 based on committed amounts to FG Angels. If you include the balance of the 237 members, we end up at a syndicate of $439,000. The company then gets our commitment of $50,000 on top of that.
As a result of this 99 investor limitation, we have two disappointing problems. First, we have over 100 investors who would like to invest in our syndicate with us who get excluded because of the 99 investor rule. Next, there is $118,000 per investment that we’d like to include in each syndicate that the companies we are investing in won’t get. Bad for the companies and bad for the investor.
We’ve spent lots of time over the past 60 days trying to solve the 99 investor problem. At this point, we’ve run into a dead end. We’ve tried multiple LLCs – that doesn’t work as they end up getting viewed as a single entity. We’ve tried other structures – that doesn’t work. We’re certainly open to ideas at this point.
In the mean time, until we solve this, AngelList is making the following changes to their Syndicates product.
– Qualified Purchasers: AngelList will include all Qualified Purchasers (individuals with $5M in assets and firms with $25M in assets) in each syndicated deal as they are exempt from the SEC’s 99-investor limit. We will soon email your backers to determine if they are Qualified Purchasers (QPs) and we will update your syndicate management interface to indicate the QPs.
– Top 99 Backers: The next time you syndicate a deal, we will include all QPs and the top 99 non-QPs by commitment amount. You can override this default to include specific backers who are not in the top 99. The top 99 backers will change dynamically as backers adjust their backing amounts.
– Funds: We are working on new funds products to allow additional investors who are not in your top 99 backers or QPs to participate in your syndicated deals.
– Notifying Backers: Finally, we will notify your backers of the SEC’s 99-investor restriction this week and give them the opportunity to change their backing amounts.
We are bummed about this because part of our goal is to build a very large angel network as a result of the FG Angels activity. The 99 investor rule directly undermines this, and limits the amount of investment and support for the companies we are investing in. It’s another example of the challenges of the JOBS Act and another discovery on our part of the “miss” between the goal of the new law and the implementation.










Sean Killeen



[disclaimer: I know next to nothing about these aspects of business, and am purely spitballing, so apologies if this is unworkable] A thought: instead of splitting up the investors into groups, could you split up what they’re investing in into groups? If you have ~300 investors, could you create three entities for them to invest in that are all controlled by the syndicate, which would allow 99 per? Trying to turn the problem on its head to see if it makes more sense to shuffle things around on the flip side.






jasonmendelson



the SEC is too smart for that and will consider them as one entity.  Sigh…..








David Brooks



Very interesting. I would assume this will lead to a small number of very large syndicates. Hopefully AngelList creates enough transparency among smaller investors so that they know where they stack up in a syndicate, and have flexibility to move to others with less backing. But will investors do that, or is the idea of a superstar lead too compelling?






jasonmendelson



Trying to post again…. I agree with your take.  Large syndicates will need to have higher investing followers.  No idea what investors will do, but it’s a serious bummer that we can’t truly have crowdfunding here.








JLM



.
Potential solution:
Investors form GP or LP with unlimited number of investors and with conditions determined by investors en masse.   This effectively mirrors the AngelList syndicate rules.  You are effectively moving the AngelList rules upstream.
GP or LP forms LLC with a single managing member and the GP or LP as other member.
LLC — with single managing member and GP or LP member — joins AngelList as investment vehicle.
New LLC makes investments and complies with all SEC/JOBS Act and AngelList rules.
Variation on theme:  Each investment uses a mirror image but “one off” LLC in order not to commingle different investments.  This would also be a bit of legal insurance against spill over legal liability.
JLM
.






Millie Tadewaldt



Good ideas. The issue here is that the SEC is too smart for that 🙂 and it “looks through” all investment vehicles that are formed specifically for the purpose of buying the same portfolio company, counting all of the individual investors in those special purpose vehicles against the investor limit. 
It is possible for form a more “fund-like” investment vehicle that deploys capital across multiple deals without triggering the look-through.








DaveJ



Have you looked into setting it up as a mutual fund?






jasonmendelson



We haven’t because as mutual fund managers, we’d be liable to all of the syndicate members if we chose bad investors.  Our investors in the our main venture funds would not allow this and we are generally scared of lawyers.  (Which is why I stopped looking in mirrors long ago).






Joe Wallin



DaveJ–cost of being a mutual fund is prohibitive. So, it is not a practical solution.








Brett Topche



It’s an issue for small traditional funds as well. Depending on which SEC exemption you use to raise your fund, you are typically limited to 99 LPs. Not an issue for larger funds with fewer, larger institutional commitments, but for smaller funds raised primarily from high net worth individuals, it can be a pain in the ass. Also, from the company standpoint, if the LLC is formed solely for the purpose of investing in that company (i.e. your syndicate forms a new LLC for each investment, which seems likely given that the syndicate changes over time), all of the investors in the LLC count towards their 2,000 limit. Not necessarily a huge deal for one syndicate investing in a company, but if you have a couple of syndicates involved, even though you only have to chase down one signature, you can start eating into your 2,000.






jasonmendelson



Agreed.








tubby_bartles



This issue is more difficult than other AngelList issues. Elsewhere, AngelList is meeting the spirit of the law, but needed to find a clever way to meet the letter of the law as well given the new technologies.
In this case, the spirit of the 99 investor rule is to prevent large number of investors from acting as a coordinated group without “being public”. So the SEC has had many, many years to plug every possible letter-of-the-law loophole.
The specific legal language doesn’t refer to funds – it refers to “organized groups” and the SEC considers that to mean they look through any legal structure you pick to see whether the group is organized as a single group or not.
Splitting investments (into parallel funds or by groups of “upstream” funds as suggested in the comments here) is already said by the SEC to count all investors. 
I suspect this one may need a law change to address.






jasonmendelson



I agree.  The integration issues that SEC makes part of  the issue kills us.  Perhaps a no-action letter is due?






Sean Schantzen



Have you found a way that a no action letter could help with this? The limit comes from the Investment Company Act and is in the statute itself (which I don’t think a no action letter could change). I don’t know anyway around it without running into integration issues (maybe a creative no action letter that addresses just integration, since integration isn’t in the statute, but the SEC would really have to be on board with syndicates). We’ve been trying to find a work around for this too, but came to the same conclusions. If someone goes down the no action letter road, we’d be happy to be involved and help out.






jasonmendelson



I haven’t found a way, it’s just a theory.  If the SEC won’t bust us, we are clean but this is a very broad topic that a no action letter might not work for.






Sean Schantzen



Thanks. The whole 99 investor limit seems like a relic just like the 500 investor reporting limit. It would be great to at least increase it by the same 4x the 500 investor limit was, regardless of whether by no action letter or statute change.






jasonmendelson



agreed














DL



JLM outlined the direction SproutrHouse is looking for a solution. Brad, where has this path led you?
Since Angel List began offering Syndicates, I have been working to solve a variation of this problem to serve early-stage companies privately at SproutrHouse. SproutrHouse offers natural CPG brands a simple crowd funding solution but it’s a $125-$400k investment that the market is seeking and one SproutrHouse is well-suited to address.






jasonmendelson



We’ve actually only been led to the ideas that Brad describes above.  I have a feeling we are headed toward a request for a SEC no-action letter, but the issue might be too broad and need legislative action.








Carlos



Does a Series LLC work?  Not available in Cali, but who wants to do business there anyway 😉 #stackexchange.  I am exploring using a series LLC in a novel way to promote investment into a core technology, where each individual “app” of this core technology could be its own company.  Separates investors, liability, minimizes paperwork, and above all fees right?  Would this be something you guys would entertain in funding in my case? Hoping that this could be useful in this case as well.  This afterall was given birth via the mutual fund industry, per wikipedia:    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Series_LLC






jasonmendelson



Well, unfortunately we need to be able to do business in CA, so no.  And if you make the company split up like that you get pass through taxes to the investors which doesn’t work, either.  Thanks for the idea!








JMN



If section 3(c)(1) is not amended, the 100 investor
limit could severally undermine the JOBS Act’s on several levels. The accredited
investor verification requirements, as defined by the JOBS Act, should be
sufficient foundation to argue a 2,000 investor cap – in line with the max. number
of AI’s a private company can introduce as shareholders. A no-action letter may
work if the SEC’s fully aware its efforts surrounding the JOBS Act could be
vein.






bfeld



Yup. It feels like one possible solution is a no-action letter, but this ultimately is a one-off per organization (e.g. AngelList) so it doesn’t really solve the overall problem.






JMN



Although a one-off result, the outcome would set a precedent assisting other organizations, startups, small investors. The other option is a collective effort to force an amendment to section 3(c)(1). If common sense prevailed, the upside benefits far outweigh the downside risk if the investor cap was increased in line with allowable shareholders (letting companies decide the weighting) subject to AI’s being certified pursuant to Title II.










riverland



could this be relevant or helpful? https://verifyinvestor.com/






bfeld



Sort of. AngelList is doing this for free however – see https://www.feld.com/archives/2014/01/angellist-accreditation-report.html






Jor Law



Hi, Co-founder of VerifyInvestor.com and AngelList fan here.  What we do is similar to what AngelList provides, but they have a limited use case while ours is a more reliable and comprehensive solution.  Their solution is great for their platform, I think, but ours is something that can be relied upon by companies, their advisors/professionals and investors who need certainty of compliance.






Jor Law



Somehow my other post got removed, but I did want to add that https://verifyinvestor.com doesn’t currently address the Investment Company Act and 100 invest limit issue.  It’s more a solution relating to general solicitation and 506(c).










ObjectMethodology.com



Sounds like we need an “OWNERSHIP Act”? Something that let’s people in the US (a country based on freedom) be free to do as they please.






Scott



Welcome to my world, Brad.  The Company Act and the investor slot issues are a real pain in the ass.  As you’ve discovered, if you structure your vehicles as 3(c)7 vehicles by including only QPs, you’ll be ok.  It’s actually pretty easy.  If you must accommodate accredited investors, look into Registered Investment Company (“RIC”) structures.  A closed end RIC (essentially a ’40 Act, closed-end mutual fund structure) allows you to aggregate accredited investor capital in a private vehicle.  It’s not a free lunch – you’ll need to be registered, have an independent board, have third-party admin, etc.  On the plus side, its fairly permanent capital (liquidity with gating), is flexible, and offers the ability to reinvest proceeds or dividend out proceeds, and is well traveled ground.  You should look into it.  There is a cost, but if the money you’re aggregating is big enough, it could make sense.






bfeld



Yup – we know this well – and have no interest in going down this path. That’s not – in our mind – the goals of the JOBS Act, nor is it how we approach our world in general, which is why (a) we’ve never done this sort of thing in the past and (b) we are intrigued and excited about the ground AngelList is plowing.








Felix Dashevsky



This issue arises because you are (double-) pooling investors.  Given the electronic/easy nature of AngelList closing process, I question the need for a separate syndicate LLC.  Let the investors invest directly into Startups. And play with Startup funding docs to ensure streamlined future interaction with investors (or use power of attorney, advisory contract, or solve it technologically).   
The issue such direct structure would highlight is your (and AngelList’s) fee.  However, I think you can structure around it (options/warrants at OpCo, investment advisory contract, something else creative).  If it is an advisory contract, you’ll run into Investment Advisory Act and “qualified client” issues…  but frankly I am not sure how you (or AngelList) have avoided these so far.






bfeld



If I was on the startup side, I wouldn’t want this. Regardless of the legal docs, there will be at least one situation where you have to chase down signatures and that could be the nightmare.
We’ve focused very hard on the legal dynamics around IAA and are very comfortable, but really understanding it has been non-trivial.






Felix Dashevsky



But isn’t that what the JOBS Act was about?  Like the 2000 limit you alluded to in the opening paragraph (“a lot of fanfare around […] the increase in the number of shareholders a private company could have”).  Or the crowdfunding bits.  It wasn’t about broader access to fund-like structures, but to startups.  If startups want just a couple of big investors… well, we don’t need the JOBS Act at all.  If we step back, nothing we are discussing was in fact affected by the JOBS Act–FG Angels is using the “old” 506(b) pathway.






bfeld



Since we are using 506(b), you are correct. Which means that the JOBS acts is not accomplishing the goal!






Felix Dashevsky



Which was what?






Felix Dashevsky



My point is that neither the JOBS Act, nor any other rule on startup fundraising is causing any issue here.  The “99-problem” is not endemic to startup investing (like the “500-problem” is).






bfeld



I guess I just disagree. If you’ve been following what we’ve tried to do with FG Angel, it’s very much about democratizing startup investing, and the 99 investor rule is a huge disconnect from the JOBS Act goals, especially in raising the private investor cap from 500 to 2000.






Felix Dashevsky



Fair enough.  I am following FG Angel by backing it.  Although not sure if I will make it into the 99 the next time!






JMN



Brad, I concur with your position. The question is what can be done to resolve this hurdle? There’s always a solution. Jason Best and team at Crowdfund Capital Advisors (https://crowdfundcapitaladvisors.com/about-us/our-team/jason-best.html), may be a starting point.






JMN



It appears my previous comment was removed because a link to a third party’s website was included? A private company found on the net that was involved with pushing the JOBS Act legislation through. My point was there’s sure to be a solution to this problem. But it’s going to take some digging and talking to the right people who can push for change at the legislative level. Otherwise, the “99 investor problem” is here to stay, there’s no way around it.














Eddie Wharton



Could you have a 99 person Brad-FG Angels LLC, another 99 person Jason-FG Angels LLC, etc.? Instead of combining them off the cap table just include 3 different LLC’s. It would be a bit more work, is not a scalable solution past a certain point and relies enormously on the trust that you have built to make sure all of the FG Angel LLC make the exact same investments with the same terms.  
This is not an effective solution for everybody and one part of the law seems to undermine the spirit of another.  Big picture, that needs to be fixed. However, this could be a way to keep FG Angels growing and still have a low single digit number of additions to the cap table.






jasonmendelson



I wish.  SEC would look into “who is Brad / Jason” and realize we are partners and then game over.  They integrate and we are “done”






Joe Wallin



I think we ought to just repeal the investment company act…










Steve Consilvio



Stop investing and give your money away!
I love it how rich prigs think they are helping others by lending them money and then sucking the blood out of a new business. You guys should be ashamed of yourselves.






Fred Destin



My personal view is that we do this one step at a time and prove we are responsible actors on a functional platform.  The 99 investor problem could also refer to 1999 when retail investors were left holding cats in bags prepared for them by professional investors.  Let’s build a strong platform with good diligence tools, social signals, evidence of track record and then go back and propose the next regulatory evolution.  I am convinced there is a day where crowdfunding will apply to startups as it applies to products on Kickstarter, but we need to make sure it’s done well.  Let’s celebrate the deregulation, demonstrate our platform works, and then fight for the next step.






bfeld



Fair enough. 
However, when the 500 shareholder limit was raised to 2,000, I don’t think anyone was paying attention to the 99 LLC rule. If there was thoughtful discussion about it, that’s cool. But my instinct is that there wasn’t. And that’s what’s frustrating / disappointing to me.
I think the gang at AngelList was just as surprised by this based on all of our work together. Since you are investors directly in AngelList, realizing that their initial view was there was no problem having larger syndicates is probably important as part of understanding how this all evolves.
As we planned from the beginning, the FG Angels experiment is just that – an experiment – so we are happy to find all the limitations, edge cases, and problems. I don’t think our behavior or performance is – or should be – a proxy for regulators as we are merely one data point, so I’m happy to be public about all the challenges we run into.








Steven Kane



Hi Brad. Re the chasing signatures issue. Couldnt the startup simply require angels who invest directly to submit to some kind of “drag along” right? Meaning, once the angel’s money is invested, no signatures are ever required ever again?






bfeld



Possibly. It’s one of the approaches we’ve looked at. We – and some of the companies we’ve talked to – aren’t comfortable with it since it still ends up with a huge number of individual investors on the cap table.








lunarmobiscuit



The Investment Act and SEC seems to have thought through every straightforward workaround.  Given that, it seems the best path is to go back and questions the assumptions.  You set up this LLC to: (a) simplify the paperwork for the investees, (b) centralize the decision making  of the syndicate, (c) prove out the AngelList crowdfunding model.
Of these, only (a) is limited by the rules.  I saw in the comments that the rules don’t allow you to run one LLC and any of your Foundry partners to run a second LLC.  But what stops any of the other 216 people in the syndicate from setting up a second LLC?  A “Not-FG Angels LLC”, whose manager receives no communications from you, but who watches AngelList to see what FG Angels invests in and follows along.
You pick 98 others to be part of FG Angels, and someone from the other 119 others not picked can choose 98 more for Not-FG Angels LLC, and so on with Truly-Not-FG Angels, until you hit the 2,000 investor limit, which I believe really has no workaround.






bfeld



That’s a valid hack and certainly open to anyone who wants to do it.






rxdxt



This is Richard Titus, founder of Prompt.ly (Foundry Syndicate investment 2) -chiming in… I agree this is a real problem. Prompt.ly was super excited about the opportunity & the democratic innovation in investment – but we were surprised the final investment amount was so much lower than commitments. (it all worked out as we were significantly oversubscribed via direct investment.) 
Perhaps syndicates could “back each other up”?  i.e. each syndicate could act as a “sub-manager” to investors who are interested in a deal, but cannot fit into the 1st 198 investors of the original syndicator?  I’d be happy to serve in this capacity for Foundry.
It should be noted we (and I hope you don’t mind we did this) “picked off” some of the obviously QP investors and invited them to invest directly to allow more people into the deal – but until the SEC & IRS solve this that seemed the best way to preserve access. – to our view the purpose of Angellist is to level the playing field for investors – particularly smaller ones and diversify the investment landscape. 
Based on my fantastic experience as an entrepreneur being backed by Foundry & it’s syndicate – I’ve started my own!  
Thanks again!






bfeld



We’re glad you picked off additional QP investors to invest directly. All good…










Henry Glover



What if the 217 members pooled together to form a firm with $25m in assets making one “qualified purchaser”  Might be silly for one deal but if you had a lot of people in a “firm” it basically makes the firm a really large syndicate.  Im guessing it would require either bigger checks, more people + a lot of deals for it to scale… vc firm






bfeld



That won’t work as the entity will have > 99 investors.








Scott Kosch



Brad, I’m in your syndicate and make the 99 cut-off because of my per-deal amount, but I also qualify as a QP.  Just got around to getting a letter from a financial institution to attest to this, but in the online form it also mentions that they might periodically run my credit history.  I don’t like the idea of having my credit run frequently (like possibly for every deal or even a few times per year), because this negatively impacts credit scores (which I think is crazy).  Can you say anything about this?  I hate to fill an accredited spot, when I could be included as a QP, but the periodic credit check gave me pause.






bfeld



I don’t know the answer to this specifically but will check.






Scott Kosch



Brad, thanks for asking AL about this.  Here is what I learned, so that others don’t shy away from validating their QP status.  The credit check they perform is called a “soft pull.”  Add your own joke to that.  It does not impact your credit score, unlike a “hard pull.”  Nevertheless, if you still want to avoid this repeated credit check for each deal, there are two ways AL may not need to check as frequently.  First, if you invest through an entity, which is wholly-owned by one or more QPs, then that entity is a QP, and they shouldn’t need to run your credit personally. Second, if you can verify that your Net Worth is greater than $5M and not just your Net Assets (i.e., your Net Worth would be less debt and other liabilities), then credit checks aren’t necessary.  Anyway, happy that I can make room for one more investor by changing my status.








TejDhawan



That’s an interesting observation. You’re correct that the credit score would likely by hit by the credit check. The credit report would generally affirm the salary based qualification requirements, but not the remaining 8 or 9, as financial assets, non-profit work, institutional mgmt etc. don’t make it into credit checks. The criminal/bankruptcy items that do make it into credit checks would apply to the companies raising the funding through FG Angels+syndicate.
Interesting question to send to AL directly as well, and this is making me think that the company raising the funds should also be providing representations that they clear the ‘bad actor disqualification’ test.

















  Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ 




















 



Parallel Investment Partners - Home















Home
|
Investor Login
|
Contact Us





About Us
|
Industry Expertise
|
Investment Criteria
|
Portfolio










Welcome to Parallel Investment Partners

Sector-Focused, Lower Middle-Market Growth Company Investors
Parallel Investment Partners is the leading institutional private equity firm focused exclusively on investing in North American lower middle-market growth companies. Since 1992, our team has successfully invested over $600 million of equity capital in over 35 owner-operated growth companies. We have the knowledge, experience and resources to address the needs of vibrant companies seeking liquidity or dynamic growth solutions. Whether you are pursuing a Recapitalization, Buyout, or Growth Capital Investment, a partnership with Parallel represents a superior value proposition.





The Leader in Lower Middle Market Growth Company Investments ®
© 2013 Parallel Investment Partners






















How To Invest In Private Equity

















































































 























Topics



What's New



China's Baidu Profit Jumps as Focus on Mobile, AI Narrows




Value of U.S. Deals in China Sinks on Rising Trade Tensions


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Are Bezos & Musk's Rocketships Bad for Markets?


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters























                How To Invest In Private Equity            


    By George D. Lambert 






Share















































Private equity is capital made available to private companies or investors. The funds raised might be used to develop new products and technologies, expand working capital, make acquisitions or strengthen a company's balance sheet.
Unless you are willing to put up $250,000 or more, your choices in investing in the high-stakes world of private equity are very limited. In this article, we'll show you why and where you can invest in the private equity game.
SEE: Life-Cycle Funds: Can It Get Any Simpler?, Advantages Of Mutual Funds and The Dangers of Over-Diversification.)
Why Invest in Private Equity?As you can see from the chart below, private equity is on the upswing, in spite of 2008's crisis:
U.S. Venture Capital Investment By Year 
Year
Number  of Deals
Total Investment (USD Mil)
            2002
            3,183
            20,849.83
            2003
            3,004
            18,613.83
            2004
            3,178
            22,355.27
            2005
            3,262
            22,945.71
            2006
            3,827
            26,594.17
            2007
            4,124
            30,826.31
            2008
            4,111
            30,545.51
            2009
            3,065
            19,745.81
            2010
            3,526
            23,253.31
            2011
            3,673
            28,425.08
Source: http://www.nvca.org/ffax.html
Institutional investors and wealthy individuals are often attracted to private-equity investments. This includes large university endowments, pension plans and family offices. Their money goes into pools that represent a source of funding for early-stage, high-risk ventures and plays a major role in the economy.
Often, the money will go into new companies believed to have significant growth possibilities in industries such as: telecommunications, software, hardware, healthcare and biotechnology. Private-equity firms try to add value to the companies they buy, with the goal of making them even more profitable. For example, they might bring in a new management team, add complementary companies, aggressively cut costs and then sell for big profits. 
You probably recognize some of the companies below, which received private-equity funding over the years: 
A&W Restaurants
Harrah's Entertainment Inc.
Cisco Systems
Intel
Network Solutions (the world's largest domain name registrar)
FedEx 
Without private-equity money, these firms might not have grown into household names. 
Past ReturnsAccording to Thomson Financial and the National Venture Capital Association, private equity has had the following average annual returns ending June 30, 2006: 
Thomson Financials' U.S. Private Equity Performance Index: Investment Horizon Performance through June 30, 2006:
Investment Type
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
20 Yr
Private Equity
22.50%
13.40%
3.60%
11.40%
14.20%
Nasdaq
5.60%
10.20%
0%
6.20%
11.70%
S&P 500
6.60%
9.20%
0.70%
6.60%
9.79%
Source: http://www.nvca.org/pdf/Q206Performancefinal.pdf
So how can you get in on this?
Typical Minimum Investment RequirementPrivate-equity investing is not easily accessible for the average investor. Most private-equity firms typically look for investors who are willing to commit as much as $25 million. Although some firms have dropped their minimums to $250,000, this is still out of reach for most people. 
Fund of FundsA fund of funds holds the shares of many private partnerships that invest in private equities. It provides a way for firms to increase cost effectiveness and thereby reduce their minimum investment requirement. This can also mean greater diversification, since a fund of funds might invest in hundreds of companies representing many different phases of venture capital and industry sectors. In addition, because of its size and diversification, a fund of funds has the potential to offer less risk than you might experience with an individual private-equity investment. 
The disadvantage is that there is an additional layer of fees paid to the fund of funds manager. Minimum investments can be in the $100,000 to $250,000 range, and the manager may not let you participate unless you have a net worth between $1.5 million to $5 million.
Private-Equity ETFYou can purchase shares of an exchange-traded fund (ETF) that tracks an index of publicly traded companies that invest in private equities. Since you are buying individual shares over the stock exchange, you don't have to worry about minimum investment requirements. 
However, like a fund of funds, an ETF will add an extra layer of management expenses that you might not encounter with a direct, private-equity investment. Also, depending on your brokerage, each time you buy or sell shares, you might have to pay a brokerage fee. (Read more about ETFs in Introduction To Exchange-Traded Funds, 4 Ways To Use ETFs In Your Portfolio and The Benefits Of ETF Investing.) 
Special-Purpose Acquisition Companies (SPAC)You can also invest in publicly traded shell companies that make private-equity investments in undervalued private companies. But they can be risky. (Find out more about shell companies in Handcuffs And Smoking Guns: The Criminal Elements Of Wall Street, Putting Management Under The Microscope and The Ghouls And Monsters On Wall Street.)
The problem is that the SPACs might only invest in one company, which won't provide much diversification. They may also be under pressure to meet an investment deadline as outlined in their IPO statement. This could make them take on an investment without giving it thorough due diligence. (To learn more about SPACs, see Mergers And Aquisitions: Understanding Takeovers and The Basics Of Mergers And Acquisitions.) 
The Bottom LineThere are several key risks in any type of private-equity investing. As mentioned earlier, the fees of private-equity investments that cater to smaller investors can be higher than you would normally expect with conventional investments, such as mutual funds. This could reduce returns. Additionally, as private-equity investing opens up to more people, the harder it could become for private-equity firms to locate good investment opportunities.
Plus, some of the private-equity investment vehicles that have lower minimum investment requirements do not have long histories for you to compare to other investments. You should also be prepared to commit your money for at least 10 years; otherwise, you may lose out as companies emerge from the acquisition phase, become profitable and are eventually sold.
Companies that specialize in certain industries can carry additional risks. For instance, many firms invest only in high-technology companies. Their risks can include:
Technology Risk - Will the technology work?
Market Risk - Will a new market develop for this technology?
Company Risk - Can management develop a successful strategy? 
Despite its drawbacks, if you are willing to take a little more risk with 2 to 5% of your investment portfolio, the potential payoff of investing in private equity could be big. 









  






 











































      Trending
    



The Trump Economy: News and Analysis




Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors




Who is Anthony Scaramucci?




Why Retiring on 70% of Your Income Might Be Tough




Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing







Hot Definitions



                                                    Free Rider Problem                                            

 1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals in a population either consume more ...  



                                                    Dumping                                            

 In international trade, the export by a country or company of a product at a price that is lower in the foreign market than ...  



                                                    Tender Offer                                            

 An offer to purchase some or all of shareholders' shares in a corporation. The price offered is usually at a premium to the ...  



                                                    Ponzi Scheme                                            

 A fraudulent investing scam promising high rates of return with little risk to investors. The Ponzi scheme generates returns ...  



                                                    Dow Jones Industrial Average - DJIA                                            

 The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted average of 30 significant stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange ...  



                                                    Revolving Credit                                            

 A line of credit where the customer pays a commitment fee and is then allowed to use the funds when they are needed. It is ...  












Trading Center















Partner Links



















Want to learn how to invest?
Get a free 10 week email series that will teach you how to start investing.
Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.









No thanks, I prefer not making money.



























 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy






























Regimen Partners - Raintree Financial Solutions



























































Regimen Partners


February 9, 2016: This document does not provide disclosure of all information required for an investor to make an informed investment decision. Investors should read the offering memorandum, especially the risk factors relating to the securities offered, before making an investment decision.
Current Project: Regimen Equity Partners Parallel LP, Regimen Equity Partners Inc. – Series III Preferred Security
Product website: www.regimenpartners.com
Opportunity: Regimen Partners Income Trust is a private equity fund focused on acquiring and growing small and medium sized businesses. The fund seeks to acquire businesses with identifiable growth opportunities operating in industries with strong, long-term economics. Regimen works with existing managers, or partners with new management, depending on the situation, each business faces. Investors are provided fixed distributions that are paid monthly over a 5-year hold period.
Background: The three principals of Regimen (all Chartered Accountants) have established their careers in the mergers and acquisitions industry. The team’s experience advising on the purchase and sale of businesses led them to recognize a significant opportunity in an under-served market. Historically, Regimen states that private equity firms invest in businesses of values in excess of $25M, leaving exceptional opportunities to invest in businesses valued between $5M and $25M. This is Regimen’s second fund.

 

 Back to all Investments
 


















