

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Critical Informatics Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:47 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Critical Informatics Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Critical Informatics Inc. provides managed cybersecurity and consulting services. The company develops Critical Insight, a Cybersecurity-as-a-Service solution that include Critical Insight Collector that gathers and normalizes network traffic with a system located in the Critical Insight Secure Operations Center to apply detection analytics based on signature, anomaly, reputation, and behavior. It also provides consulting services in the areas of information security, such as technical security assessment, risk assessment, protection of critical information and systems, security architecture, security operations optimization, intellectual property protection, and more; and compliance, which ...
Critical Informatics Inc. provides managed cybersecurity and consulting services. The company develops Critical Insight, a Cybersecurity-as-a-Service solution that include Critical Insight Collector that gathers and normalizes network traffic with a system located in the Critical Insight Secure Operations Center to apply detection analytics based on signature, anomaly, reputation, and behavior. It also provides consulting services in the areas of information security, such as technical security assessment, risk assessment, protection of critical information and systems, security architecture, security operations optimization, intellectual property protection, and more; and compliance, which include compliance assessment, government and industry regulations, project management, sustain compliance and risk reduction, implementation, planning services, periodic review of systems, and more. In addition, it offers consulting services in the areas of resilience, such as incident response, post response forensic investigation, postmortem analysis, incident documentation, staffing, and more. It serves large enterprises, as well as SMBs and state, local, tribal, and territorial governments. The company was formerly known as M.K. Hamilton and Associates LLC and changed its name to Critical Informatics Inc. in October 2015. Critical Informatics Inc. was founded in 2011 and is based in Bremerton, Washington.
Detailed Description


245 4th StreetSuite 405Bremerton, WA 98337United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 206-687-9100

Fax: 425-671-0928

www.criticalinformatics.com







Key Executives for Critical Informatics Inc.




Mr. Garrett Silver CFA


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Michael K. Hamilton CISSP


      	Founder and Chief Information Security Officer
      








Mr. Vince Ward


      	Director of Operations
      








Mr. Fred Langston CISSP CCSK


      	Executive Vice President of Professional Services
      








Mr. Michael Andrew Simon


      	Chief Technology Officer
      


Age: 53
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Critical Informatics Inc. Key Developments

Critical Informatics Announces Management Appointments
Apr 5 17
Critical Informatics announced the close of its Series A funding of $3.25 million, led by Alan Frazier's East Seattle Partners. In conjunction with the round, the company is appointing a new CEO, Garrett Silver, who will lead the company through its next phase of growth. Silver joins company founder Mike Hamilton, who continues to lead product strategy as Chief Information Security Officer; Mike Simon, who leads product development and implementation as Chief Technical Officer; and Fred Langston, who heads up consulting and professional services. In addition to his role as investor, Mr. Frazier has joined Critical Informatics's Board of Directors, where he will serve in an active advisory capacity drawing on his experience from over 30 years of significant success building companies in healthcare, with extensive data security requirements and threat exposure.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      March 21, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Critical Informatics Inc., please visit www.criticalinformatics.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































    Critical Informatics Inc.  - Index



























































Index





By TNW





            About Index
        

            Trending news
        

            Analyze
            


            Pricing
        






















                                            Sign up or sign in
                                    







Critical Informatics Inc.


                    Work at Critical Informatics Inc.? Add yourself to this profile




2892















                    Critical Informatics Inc.
                                    






            Edit Profile
        




criticalinformatics.com




Security > Information Security





Security > Cyber Security




 B2b
                                    



Founded in 2012



                Raised $6.3M






More info




Elsewhere












Contributors to this profile










Companies in the same industry



Skybox Security



Trineba Technologies



Virgil Security



Check Point Software



BinaryEdge



Cyberus Key



Bastille



WIACTS



DFLabs



CyberArk





                    Alexa global traffic share
                    












Terms of Service
API
Integrations
Plans & Pricing




            Built with ❤︎ by Datalicious ©2017
        
A daughter company of TNW.
        Index.co is not affiliated with Index Ventures.
    








Overview


Funding
        2



    Add info





Latest funding







                        Venture capital
                    

                            $3,000,000 
                        

East Seattle Partners









                        Venture capital (Series A)
                    

                            $3,250,000 
                        

East Seattle Partners, Alan D. Frazier







Employees






                            Team size
                        

                            10+                        






Locations



HQ




United States



                        Headquarters
                    













                        $3,000,000
                    

                        Venture capital
                    




GeekWire




Cybersecurity startup Critical Informatics raises $3M, hires new CEO and announces plans for Seattle office



Funding
Strategy











PE Hub




Critical Informatics nets $3.25 mln Series A



Messaging



















Critical Informatics Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























critical informatics inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Infrastructure Software
Critical Informatics, Inc. provides provides managed cybersecurity and consulting services. The Company offers cybersecurity-as-a-service (CAAS) such as response action, incident investigation, and threat detection services. Critical Informatics serves customers in the State of Washington.




Corporate Information
Address:

245 4th Street
Suite 405
Bremerton, WA 98337
United States


Phone:
1-206-687-9100


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.criticalinformatics.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Garrett Silver


Chief Executive Officer




Mike Hamilton


Chief Security Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

























Gust | Gust






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.


















Overview




Pitch Deck




Executive Summary




Financials




Documents


























Critical Informatics, Inc.

Offering information and infrastructure cybersecurity monitoring & subscription consulting service - a recurring revenue solution for Cybersecurity as a Service






Stage

$1M in TTM Revenue



Industry

IT Services



Location

Bremerton, WA, US



Currency

USD



Founded

October 2012



Employees

10



Website

CriticalInformatics.com

















Only investors on Gust who have been granted access can view this content.




Interested in this startup?
Sign In or Sign Up to request more information.


























Loading
































Critical Informatics, Inc. | Bremerton, WA, US Startup 






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.






















Overview




Pitch Deck




Executive Summary




Financials




Documents


























Critical Informatics, Inc.

Offering information and infrastructure cybersecurity monitoring & subscription consulting service - a recurring revenue solution for Cybersecurity as a Service






Stage

$1M in TTM Revenue



Industry

IT Services



Location

Bremerton, WA, US



Currency

USD



Founded

October 2012



Employees

10



Website

CriticalInformatics.com

















Company Summary





Critical Informatics provides information and infrastructure cyber security monitoring, incident response and subscription consulting services through a recurring revenue solution called Cybersecurity as a Service (CaaS).  We integrate information security controls, physical access control, surveillance, environmental management, and other elements of the Internet-of-Things to provide enterprise wide device and event monitoring.
Critical Insight  (CI)  is our managed security service (MSS).    CI aggregates Information Security and Physical Control System events.  It subjects the information to security incident detection analytics. The resulting information is reviewed and investigated by our analysts. When an incident is confirmed, we alert and assist the client in performing rapid corrective action.  Our Consulting Services provide Information Security and Compliance assessments.  We also offer our expertise to design secure systems and conduct security breach investigations.










Team













Vince Ward

Chief Administration Officer




Vince brings decades of international experience in the business of designing, implementing, and managing enterprise network security and infrastructure controls. The combination of Vince's experience in designing systems, his record of success in developing successful domestic and international businesses, his high level of energy, optimism, and belief in the mission make Vince uniquely qualified to manage CII business and finance operations.












Michael Hamilton

CEO




Michael has nearly 25 years of experience in information security, as a practitioner, consultant, executive and entrepreneur. As former Chief Information Security Officer for the City of Seattle, Michael managed information security policy, strategy, and operations for 30 government agencies. Prior, Michael was the Managing Consultant for VeriSign Global Security Consulting and in that role provided expertise for hundreds of organizations.












Mike Simon

CTO




With an education in computer science and 25 years experience designing and securing information systems, Mike Simon is a well-known and highly respected member of the Northwest's information security community. Mike is faculty at the University of Washington Information School, a published author, a subject matter expert in the energy and finance sectors, and integrated with law enforcement through contacts in the FBI, DHS, and Infragard.  













Frederick Langston, CISSP CCSK

Director of Professional Services




Fred has more than 25 years of professional information security experience working for hundreds of clients on projects to create effective strategies in enterprise security and data protection programs. He has developed proven business and security processes that are in use hundreds of Fortune 2000 companies today. 















Advisors













Dennis Evans












Kyle Kincaid












Ken Kambich


Unconfirmed
































Loading



Informatics



Introduction
What We Do
Who We Are
Our Community
 




We are Informatics



 




We are Informatics
We develop open-source and proprietary software for the healthcare industry and offer the expertise to put it to work.

New Website Launched
Informatics released its new branding via an updated website, new templates and business cards!










 


What we do
 
 

What we do
With a focus on pragmatic solutions that can meet today’s needs while still evolving gracefully toward the needs of tomorrow, Informatics offers software and consulting services for early stage venture backed startups, publicly traded companies, and the largest nonprofit health plan in the United States.





Software Development

We develop open source and proprietary software systems for the healthcare industry.



Software as a Service (SAAS)
We created the terminology development environment that is used Internationally by countries to develop their SNOMED CT extension, and by the IHTSDO for SNOMED CT itself.








Managed Services

We offer three variations of managed services to our clients:

Software as a Service (SAAS)
Authoring & Modeling Service
Managed Subscription Content




Software as a Service (SAAS)
We provide clients with the software tools and infrastructure necessary to for them to develop, edit, and generate periodic releases of SNOMED CT terminology extensions.  Fully managed by Informatics, SaaS allows our clients to receive optimum performance without having to do the extra software maintenance legwork.


Authoring & Modeling Service
We provide healthcare and clinical terminology organizations with full authoring, modeling, editing and domain-specific refset creation support for content they seek to include in SNOMED CT extensions and releases.


Managed Subscription Content
We assist enterprises in optimizing existing infrastructure by providing fully managed subscription services to SNOMED CT, RxNorm, and LOINC. We help ensure that subscribers have accurate and current version updates to these foundational content terminologies for their electronic health record systems; an essential part of life-critical EHR support.








Informatics Consulting

We deliver a tailored advisory experience to clients interested in obtaining high quality clinical decision support and health information management systems with consultation and design services in these areas: Comprehensive Architecture, Foundational Content, and Comprehensive Tooling. 



Comprehensive Architecture
Our consultation and design services start with discerning the project objectives and needs.  We then assess and document the current architecture framework, and use this information to integrate into a comprehensive architecture design that homogenizes a multisystem input allowing for coordinated and compelling decision support output.


Foundational Content
We provide expert assistance in selecting the necessary foundational systems, such as RxNorm, SNOMED CT, or LOINC, upon which to build or underpin their electronic health records and clinical decision support tools.


Comprehensive Tooling
We provide clients with a thorough examination of their environment and needs, followed by a tailored recommendation on how to apply part or all of the Cheitah Suite to meet those needs.  We enable a transformation into an optimized and efficient clinical decision support system, containing proper workflow components and comprehensive layers of foundational content.








Education & Training

We train software developers, knowledge-based vendors, and healthcare providers on:

Comprehensive architecture
Foundational content, tooling
Software, terminology authoring.



SNOMED CT
We also offer education and training in the field of SNOMED CT terminology authoring and SNOMED CT extension management.






 


Who we are



Who we are
Headquartered in Bend, Oregon, Informatics is an independent healthcare informatics company with expertise in open-source and proprietary software development, informatics architecture and design, and solutions for medical and healthcare semantics.




Keith E. Campbell M.D., Ph.D.
							CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER

With more than 15 years of experience in health informatics and software development, Keith is internationally known for his work in medical terminology development and the products he has developed to solve the field’s most pressing problems.  Keith holds a PhD in medical informatics and computer science from Stanford University and an MD from the University of Southern California.  Prior to joining Informatics, Keith served as the Assistant National Director of Informatics for Kaiser Permanente and as the Chief Technology Officer for Inoveon.








Susan Castillo
							CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

With more than two decades of experience in software development and executive management, Susan is skilled at managing software projects and designing processes that improve organizational effectiveness and increase product quality. Susan holds a BS in computer science and extensive on-the-job training on managing people and software projects. Prior to forming Informatics, Susan served as Vice President of Engineering for WhoWhere? and Vice President of Personal and Communications Products for Lycos. Her extensive background also includes seven years with Apple Computer as both Manager of System Software and Member of the Office of the CTO.








 


Our community



Our Community
We believe that the long-term health of our company is strongly connected to the health of our community, therefore supporting organizations who strive to make Central Oregon a better place is a core tenet of our culture.


Deschutes Basin Land Trust

The Deschutes Basin Land Trust serves the Deschutes River Basin, an area that covers approximately 11% of Oregon and includes several of Oregon’s fastest growing counties.


Central Oregon Trail Alliance

The Central Oregon Trail Alliance is a volunteer group that works in conjunction with the USFS, BLM, and other land managers to build and maintain trails in Bend and the surrounding area.


Tower Theater

Central Oregon's leading performing arts organization, providing cultural and educational programs that make essential contributions to the region's lifestyle and strength of community.


Britt Festival

Britt Festivals, a non-profit organization, is the Pacific Northwest's premier outdoor summer performing arts festival




 



Contact Us
info@informatics.com
 541.678.5062


 











Critical Informatics






























































206.687.9100 













































Threat Detection.
Human Response.



Discover MDR



Managed Threat Detection, Investigation, and Response








Threat Detection
Our software monitors your systems and network traffic 24×7 for signs of threats, active malware, and bad actors








Incident Investigation
Events and risks are examined by our team of experts to determine real threats and eliminate false positives








Response Action
In the event of an identified intrusion, we prepare a full response plan and work with your team to eliminate the threat



Learn More



Information Security Consulting




Whether you need to prepare, comply, assess, or react, we can help.



Learn More






Financial Services



Learn More






Healthcare



Learn More






Energy








Small and Medium-Sized Businesses








State & Local Government








Maritime Ports





AS SEEN ON



































See What Managed Detection and Response Can Do For You



Get a Free Quote

























































The Critical Informatics Team | Critical Informatics





























































206.687.9100 













































Our Team


Garrett Silver, CFACEOGarrett has over 20 years leading teams and products through extreme growth, with a keen focus on real customer needs. He brings extensive technical, management, and financial experience from his years at various start-up and growth companies including ShareBuilder. ShareBuilder became ING DIRECT ShareBuilder and then Capital One Investing, where Garrett served as CIO and later Managing Vice President of Digital Products, Marketing, and Business Analysis, overseeing the Seattle location for Capital One. He has extensive experience protecting customer assets and has overseen the same risk-based decisions faced by Critical Informatics customers every day as they seek solutions for their cyber security needs.
Michael K. Hamilton, CISSPFounder, President, and CISOMichael has 25 years of experience in information security, as a practitioner, consultant, executive and entrepreneur. As former Chief Information Security Officer for the City of Seattle, Michael managed information security policy, strategy, and operations for 30 government agencies. Prior, Michael was the Managing Consultant for VeriSign Global Security Consulting and in that role provided expertise for hundreds of organizations, from Fortune 100 to small private colleges, and in nearly every sector. Michael is a subject-matter expert and former Vice-Chair for the DHS State, Local, Tribal and Territorial Government Coordinating Council. His awards include Member of the Year with the Association of City and County Information Systems (ACCIS), and Collaboration Award from the Center for Digital Government. Michael recently served as a Policy Advisor for the State of Washington Office of the CIO, and continues to spearhead the Public Infrastructure Security Collaboration and Exchange System (PICSES), a regional cyber event monitoring system that is unique in the nation. Michael has been a member of the Sigma Xi research honor society for more than 25 years.
Mike SimonCTOWith an education in computer science and 25 years experience designing and securing information systems, Mike Simon is a well-known and highly respected member of the Northwest’s information security community. Mike is faculty at the University of Washington Information School, a published author, an active collaborator in the PRISEM project and other regional initiatives, a subject matter expert in the energy and finance sectors, and integrated with law enforcement through contacts in the FBI, DHS, and Infragard. As Critical Informatics’ Chief Technology Officer, Mike leads development teams for the Critical Insight security monitoring platform and the associated Critical Insight Collector-sensor, directs our Big Data and Data Analytics program and helps to set company direction and strategy.
Fred Langston CISSP CCSKExecutive VP of Professional ServicesWith more than 20 years of professional information security experience working for hundreds of clients on projects to create effective strategies, enterprise security and data protection programs, governance models, and a set of effective, proven business and security processes that are in use at hundreds of Fortune 2000 companies today. Fred has successfully led creation of multiple security service architectures, justifying the cost and modeling the return rates for new proposed services. Created extensive product and service technical and marketing content such as White Papers, industry presentations, market analysis as well as developed organizations and the associated operations teams for these high availability, security critical applications, networks, and systems.
Fred HoltChief Data ScientistDr. Holt combines 25 years of experience creating innovative technical data solutions with a decade of business strategy for successful technology initiatives. His projects have included end-to-end data acquisition, processing, modeling, analysis and visualization. He has specialized in data analysis for real-time sensors, providing analysis code and user interfaces for technology R&D, for deployment, and for offline service and data mining. Fred is the inventor of Critical Informatic’s patented Advanced Data Visualization method.
Janet LawlessVP of Channel SalesJanet brings a wealth of sales and leadership experience to Critical Informatics. Janet’s 20+ year sales career in high technology fields has focused on creating and managing global programs for compliance and security. Her experience includes Microsoft, Cisco, EMC, and Xerox, and she brings an entrepreneurial spirit from her experience at RealNetworks and CompuServe/Spry. At Cisco, Janet created the Network Software Asset Management program focused on mitigating security risk by identifying outdated operating systems on network devices. Throughout Janet’s career, she has focused on building relationships with executives from Fortune 100 customers to small and medium sized businesses.
Vince WardDirector of OperationsVince Ward is the Director of Operations for Critical Informatics, a position to which he brings decades of international experience in the business of designing, implementing, and managing enterprise network security and infrastructure controls. The combination of Vince’s experience in designing physical and logical security systems, his record of success in developing successful domestic and international businesses, his high level of energy, optimism, and belief in the mission all make Vince uniquely qualified to manage Critical Informatics business and finance operations. 
Alan FrazierChairman, East Seattle PartnersAlan Frazier is Chairman of East Seattle Partners, a key investor in Critical Informatics, as well as Founder and Chairman of Frazier Healthcare Partners, a leading provider of growth and venture capital to the nation’s healthcare companies. In addition to his role as investor, Mr. Frazier has joined Critical Informatics’ Board of Directors, where he serves in an active advisory capacity, drawing on his experience from over 30 years of significant success building companies in healthcare, with extensive data security requirements and threat exposure.













































