


Croft Leominster, Inc. - Investment Management and Strategy












 Home
 Sitemap





HOME
ABOUT
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
MUTUAL FUNDS
FROM THE OX'S MOUTH









  







INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
Our investment strategy at Croft Leominster is based on the generation of stock ideas and conducting due diligence research and analysis. We follow a methodical multi-step process for picking stocks resulting in a portfolio that represents our best ideas.





 







From the Ox's Mouth
(articles offering unique perspectives)
How China is Changing Your Dinner Plate 
						 A discussion of the pervasive impact of increased Chinese demand on California agriculture. 
Birth Order is Basically Meaningless 
						 Looks like it might be a little more difficult to blame it on "Middle Child Syndrome"... 
UNSW Professor Heads to the UN to Call for Ban on Killer Robots   
						 With drone technology and artificial intelligence advancing by the day, are we sowing the seeds of a future that looks eerily like the Sci-Fi classic, 'The Terminator'? 
Instilling Empathy Among Doctors Pays Off for Patient Care 
						 An increased focus on understanding the patient could be an important cog in the solution to stemming the exponential rise in healthcare costs. 
					
More Articles»



 



 Mutual Fund Related Questions 800.746.3322 Separately Managed Accounts 800.551.0990
 Copyright @ 2012 www.croftleo.com 



Croft Leominster, Inc.


300 Water StreetBaltimore, Maryland 21202




Privacy Policy  |  Legal Disclaimer






Croft Leominster, Inc. Funds Performance














 Home
 Sitemap





HOME
ABOUT
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
MUTUAL FUNDS
FROM THE OX'S MOUTH







 
Croft Funds Applications

Croft Funds Prospectus
Summary Prospectus
Statement of Add Information(SAI) 
Current Annual Report
Current Semi-Annual Report
Regular Account Application 
IRA Application 
ROTH IRA Application 
Croft Funds Automatic Investment    
Change of Beneficiary Form    


 All forms are in PDF format, requiring Adobe  Reader.


ABOUT CROFT FUNDS
Located in downtown Baltimore at the historic Canton House, Croft Funds is part of Croft Leominster, Inc., a family owned and operated money manager since 1989.  The Croft management team has 75 plus years of collective experience and manages approximately $680 million  in assets. 
Croft Value Fund (CLVFX)
Croft Value Fund Annualized Performance (as of 3/31/2017)



 
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
15 Years


Croft Value Fund                   
+7.1%
+21.4%
+4.2%
+8.1%
+5.2%
+6.3%


S&P 500 Index
+6.1%
+17.2%
+10.4%
+13.3%
+7.5%
+7.1%


S&P 500 Value Index
+3.5%
+19.1% 
+9.0%
+12.8%
+5.7%
+6.8%









Croft   Income Fund (CLINX)
Croft Income Fund Annualized Performance (as of 3/31/2017)



 
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
15 Years


Croft Income Fund
+0.2%
+2.1%
+0.7%
+1.0%
+2.5%
+4.1%


Barclays CAP AGGR
          Bond Index
+0.8%
+0.4%
+2.0%
+1.9%
+3.8%
+4.1%



 
Daily Change


 
NAV
Daily Change


Croft Value Fund Class R (CLVFX)
$22.46
($0.05)


Croft Value Fund Class I (CIVFX)
$22.78
($0.05)


Croft Income Fund (CLINX)
$9.68
$0.00




    Performance data quoted represents past   performance and does not guarantee future results. The investment return and   principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares,   when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current   performance of the fund may be lower or higher than the performance quoted.   Performance data shown is current to the most recent month end.

    You   should consider each fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses   before investing. The funds' prospectus contains this and other relevant   information, and should be read carefully before investing. A prospectus may be   downloaded from this website or obtained by calling 800-746-3322

    The fund   imposes a 2.00% redemption fee on shares held less than 30 days. 


 



 Mutual Fund Related Questions 800.746.3322 Separately Managed Accounts 800.551.0990
 Copyright @ 2012 www.croftleo.com 



Croft Leominster, Inc.


300 Water StreetBaltimore, Maryland 21202




Privacy Policy  |  Legal Disclaimer






Croft Leominster, Inc. Portfolio Management













 Home
 Sitemap





HOME
ABOUT
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
MUTUAL FUNDS
FROM THE OX'S MOUTH




  
  At Croft Leominster we are value oriented with a contrarian bent. The firm is set up   around idea generation, which come from a variety of sources - both internal and   external. We're classic stock pickers who look at stocks from the bottom   up.

We are focused on value, and do not limit ourselves by market   capitalization; this allows us to opportunistically take advantage of changes in   the market. We apply our investment process to companies of all sizes and   sectors, identifying what we believe are undervalued small, mid and   large-capitalization stocks.
      We are committed to a long-term, patient investment strategy. We seek to buy stocks at "60-cents-on-the-dollar" and hold them for at least 3-5 years. We believe this offers our investors the potential for higher returns over time.
 We believe our approach to value is a sensible way to   invest for the long-term. We try to buy shunned or overlooked stocks when no   one else is buying - at a price below the company's intrinsic value. A gap between a   company's business value and its current stock price creates opportunities. We   focus on depressed stocks that are temporarily out of favor, and after carefully   evaluating the companies' strengths and risks, invest in those whose stock   prices don't fully reflect their true value.

Please contact us at 800   746-3322 or use our info request form to find out more about the services that Croft-Leominster has to   offer to retail and institutional investors.

 



 Mutual Fund Related Questions 800.746.3322 Separately Managed Accounts 800.551.0990
 Copyright @ 2012 www.croftleo.com 



Croft Leominster, Inc.


300 Water StreetBaltimore, Maryland 21202




Privacy Policy  |  Legal Disclaimer






From the Ox's Mouth - Croft Leominster, Inc.










 Home
 Sitemap





HOME
ABOUT
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
MUTUAL FUNDS
FROM THE OX'S MOUTH






From the Ox's Mouth
(articles offering unique perspectives)
How China is Changing Your Dinner PlateA discussion of the pervasive impact of increased Chinese demand on California agriculture. 
Birth Order is Basically MeaninglessLooks like it might be a little more difficult to blame it on "Middle Child Syndrome"... 
UNSW Professor Heads to the UN to Call for Ban on Killer Robots  With drone technology and artificial intelligence advancing by the day, are we sowing the seeds of a future that looks eerily like the Sci-Fi classic, 'The Terminator'? 
Instilling Empathy Among Doctors Pays Off for Patient CareAn increased focus on understanding the patient could be an important cog in the solution to stemming the exponential rise in healthcare costs. 
Read Slowly to Benefit Your Brain and Cut StressYet another reason to shut off the smartphone and pull out the paperback. 
The Self-Promotion BacklashA discussion of the negative ramifications of a workplace culture where people believe that the only way to get proper recognition is by becoming "the squeaky wheel". 
To Unplug on Vacation, Your Own Tech Can HelpSome valuable advice for those looking to maximize the relaxation factor of their vacation. 
The Legal Road Map to Better Public SchoolsA recent ruling positions the courts to have an increasing effect on education. 
Shocking: Many Pick Electric Jolt Over Solitude in StudyHow far would you go to avoid being alone with your thoughts? 
Why the Mona Lisa Stands OutHave "historical accidents" and a herd mentality created undeserving works of art? 
Faking Cultural LiteracyHow many of us use social media and 140-character summations as a cultural crutch? 
What Kills You and Your InvestmentsBarry Ritholtz explains the "cholesterol" of investing. 
The Little Town that MightA story about American reinvention and willed optimism. 
The Diminishing Returns of a College EducationRising costs and lagging outcomes suggest major flaws in our higher education system. 
News is bad for you- and giving up reading it will make you happierMaybe we should all think twice about the massive amounts of news we consume on a daily basis. 
Why news addicts fail at financial planningInformation overload is a disturbing malady that has paralyzed many retirement investors. It's caused by the 24/7 news outlets that provide more news and information than anyone can digest.  
On America's Farms, Data Is the New Cash CropFarmers are going high-tech in order to automate their fields and improve crop yields. 
Ethan Zuckerman: 'The risk of social search is we trade serendipity for safety'A discussion of the potential for Facebook's "Graph Search" tool to stifle exploration and happenstance on the internet. 
How Yemen Chewed Itself DryExploring Yemen's addiction to Qat as a primary source of their current water woes. 
The online Utopia does not exist. We need to reboot.Computing pioneer Jaron Lanier outlines the negative societal & economic implications of the widely-triumphed tenets of free information and open file-sharing. 
Explaining the Value PremiumA discussion on the long-term outperformance of value stocks over growth that includes a refreshing take on risk as well as the behavioral biases that hinder our ability to capitalize on opportunities. 
Postcard from YemenEconomist Thomas Friedman provides a micro-level example of the implications of water scarcity and its potential to breed violence and conflict. 
Take Two Hours of Pine Forest and Call Me in the MorningThese days, screen-addicted Americans are more stressed out and distracted than ever. And nope, there’s no app for that. But there is a radically simple remedy: get outside.  
Letting Down Our Guard With Web PrivacyDespite the growing instances and consequences of digital theft and fraud, consumers remain remarkably complacent about guarding their personal information on the internet. 
How to start a movementAn intriguing and entertaining video displaying herd mentality in human beings. 
Eunuchs of the UniverseTom Wolfe, author of The Bonfire of the Vanities, returns to Wall Street to detail how “the nerds” became the new Masters of the Universe. 
Learning to Love VolatilityThe Developer of The Black Swan Theory, Nasseb Talib, outlines ways in which investors can use volatility to their benefit. 
Higher Education: Not what it used to beRising tuition rates and shrinking financial returns are undermining higher education's legacy as a "no-brainer" investment 
Harvard Losing out to South Dakota in Graduate PayA tough choice for students- Harvard or South Dakota M&T? 
Harvard Pledge Values ‘Kindness’ Over Learning: Virginia PostrelHow an elite college attempts to reconcile attainment with kindness. Can they? 
A Nation That’s Losing Its ToolboxMastering tools and working with one’s hands are receding as American cultural values 
Silicon Valley Says Step Away From the DeviceTech firms are uneasy over the effect time online has on productivity.  
Princeton Baccalaureate 2012: Michael LewisDon't Eat Fortune's Cookie 
The Joy of QuietA discussion of the downside of our highly-connected, modern society. 
An Investor’s Worst Enemy? Their BrainBehavioral economics can help shed light on just how irrational we can be as investors. 
The Jobs University: How to Turn Our Schools Into Engines of Innovation A unique approach to fostering entrepreneurialism on our campuses. 
The King of Human ErrorMichael Lewis digs back in time to find the origins of the theory that spawned Moneyball. 
Inside Capitol, Investor Access Yields Rich Tips  
Shale Gas Revolution 
Wall Street Smarts  
A look into the importance of Portfolio Managers investing in their own funds 
NBA franchise owner and entrepreneur Mark Cuban discusses an interesting metaphor he uses for Wall Street traders and the implications it has on the true investor. 
A detailed look at the high-stakes game of cyber-warfare being played between hackers, cyber-security firms, and government intelligence agencies. 
Water Scarcity is already driving innovation by entrepreneurs worldwide looking to benefit from the trend. 
This article suggests that the assertion that India has an infinite supply of well-qualified labor waiting to undercut jobs in developed countries may be overblown. 
A sobering article about the magnitude of government spending and how much we all contribute. 
An excerpt detailing the indirect global effects of Chinese water issues 

 



 Mutual Fund Related Questions 800.746.3322 Separately Managed Accounts 800.551.0990
 Copyright @ 2012 www.croftleo.com 



Croft Leominster, Inc.


300 Water StreetBaltimore, Maryland 21202




Privacy Policy  |  Legal Disclaimer






Croft Leominster, Inc. Commentary














 Home
 Sitemap





HOME
ABOUT
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
MUTUAL FUNDS
FROM THE OX'S MOUTH






February 13, 2013

Kent Croft, President of Croft-Leominster and CIO of the Croft FundsRussell Croft, Vice President of Croft-Leominster and Portfolio Manager of the Croft Funds
Manager's Commentary - Agriculture Commentary 
Investment Opportunity: Agriculture Commentary - 1Q 2013 
Increasing demand for food and a  finite supply of land will create pressures leading to investment opportunities  over the long-term. Farmers will be asked to reap more from their limited raw  resources and will need to improve land productivity. Demand for products including  agriculture equipment, irrigation systems, seeds and fertilizers should lead to  many years of growth. This growth will be somewhat independent of other  macroeconomic drivers and can act as a hedge from more volatile economic cycles. Demand Growth: More (Omnivorous) Mouths to Feed Global food consumption is driven  at its core by world population growth. The world’s population exceeded 7  billion in 2012, and baseline estimates released by the U.N. suggest it will  grow approximately 30 percent to 9 billion by 2050, or 0.6 percent annually.  While a sub-1 percent annual growth rate in the key driver of additional food  demand does not by itself offer a compelling argument for large consumption  increases, a confluence of other factors could drive a consumption growth of 70  percent from 2010 to 2050. According to J.P. Morgan, China’s consumption of  major crops grew 31 percent annually from 2001 to 2012 despite total population  growth of roughly 6 percent during the same time period. Wealth gains made  possible by economic advancements in developing markets with relatively large  populations will cause an outward shift of the demand curve for all sources of  foods. Furthermore, as economies develop, dietary regimens shift toward a higher  intake of proteins, and they consume more meat. A multiplier effect occurs on  agriculture demand because significantly more crops are needed as feed in order  to produce meat for human consumption. The Water Footprint Network estimates that  one pound of beef requires roughly 6.6 pounds of grain for feed while a pound  of pork and a pound of chicken require roughly 4 and 2 pounds, respectively.  Biofuels: Food vs. Fuel Demand for agriculture products is  not only increasing as a source of food but also as a source of energy. The  higher cost of fossil fuels and desire for energy independence have driven  significant research into generating energy from renewable sources, one of  which is biofuels. These can be derived from many sources such as corn, sugar,  timber, and grass as well as vegetable oils and animal fats (specifically  referred to as “biodiesels”). The use of biofuels for energy and heat has  experienced only modest penetration rates thus far, yet ethanol still managed  to account for nearly 30 percent of the U.S. corn crop in 2011. U.S. Government  mandates have driven adoption of ethanol/gasoline blends which has made corn  roughly 10 percent of the annual domestic fuel supply. The U.S. represents  roughly 60 percent of the world’s total ethanol production while Brazil is the  other large player with about 20 percent share. Other nations have been slower  to adopt biofuels as a cheaper fuel solution for various reasons, but in a 2011  report the International Energy Agency (IEA) estimated that biofuels have the  potential to account for 27 percent of the world’s demand for transportation  fuels by 2050. While this target may be ambitious, there are real implications  on food prices if significant growth in biofuel demand materializes worldwide  over the next few decades.  Supply Constraints: Doing Less… While incremental demand growth  appears virtually certain, crop supply growth has plateaued over the past  decade with further gains appearing difficult to achieve. Limited supply of  arable land capable of producing crops remains the primary supply growth  inhibitor. Outside of sub-Saharan Africa, there is little remaining  uncultivated land, and what remains is rife with various issues that will  continue to hold back agricultural development.   These include water scarcity, environmental concerns and a lack of  transportation infrastructure. Furthermore, huge yield gains of roughly 150  percent on a per acre basis over the past 50 years because of the use of  advanced fertilizers and agricultural technology leave very little in terms of  low-hanging fruit. Worldwide annual grain productivity gains have fallen from  3.5 percent in 1970 to below 1.5 percent in recent years. The chart below shows  that wheat yields have been flat for over a decade in Germany, France, and the  U.K., while Japanese rice yields have barely grown over the past 15 years.     …With LessProduction growth is not only being  squeezed by limited land and productivity growth, but also by poor farming  practices that have reduced the amount of favorable farmland via erosion and  topsoil loss. One-third of the world’s farmland is at least moderately-degraded  due to dustbowls in important producing regions in China and Africa.  Topsoil is disappearing at five times the  replacement rate in Australia, 10 times in the U.S. and up to 57 times in  China. Extreme weather has been a near-term issue that has created even more  pressure on worldwide supplies. Drought conditions prevail in 65 percent of the  contiguous U.S., and La Niña patterns have created droughts across South  America. Meanwhile, floods in Australia have pressured recent wheat output, and  generally warmer temperatures have hurt yields worldwide. For the 2012-2013  crop year, these factors have resulted in significant reductions to expected  ending grain stocks. This level is now expected to fall below the 2007-2008 crop  year, a time of record high prices. Water: An Inflationary InputBeyond the supply dynamics  mentioned above, water is a major input in all types of agriculture,  representing roughly 70 percent of the world’s freshwater usage annually. Usage  is growing along with crop demand because of similar socioeconomic forces.  However, freshwater represents only about 1  percent of the total worldwide water supply and this ratio is moving in the  wrong direction. Underground aquifers used mainly for agricultural purposes are  being depleted in excess of replacement in many areas. Water shortages due to  pollution, poor infrastructure, inefficient farming practices and other factors  are driving 8 percent average annual price increases in a commodity that was  previously, for all intents and purposes, considered a common good with a  virtually unlimited supply. Pricing pressure has been exacerbated by the multiplicative  effects of the higher protein consumption trend. Not only does it require  larger amounts of grain as feed to produce meat for human consumption, but the increased  water requirements are just as staggering. A pound of beef requires roughly  1,800 gallons of water to reach the dinner table, while wheat is the most water-intensive  major crop at roughly 132 gallons per pound. Investment Opportunities: Companies who Benefit The economic implications of higher crop prices  are vast and create an investable trend over the long-term. We believe that  names directly exposed to the agriculture market stand to benefit significantly  from secularly higher crop demand. On the back of rising crop prices during the  past few years, farmer incomes have nearly doubled, and their balance sheets  are in the best shape ever during the past half century. According to the  Agriculture Department, farmers should generate a net income of over $122  billion in 2012, the highest level since 1973 when adjusting for inflation. The  Kansas City Fed said in November of 2012 that farmland prices were up nearly 25  percent year-over-year for the third quarter hitting all-time records in a  multitude of Midwest states such as Iowa and Minnesota, among others. Excellent  farmer finances combined with the need to grow production and squeeze out  further productivity gains should spur investments in farm equipment,  irrigation systems, advanced fertilizers and other agriculture technology. Deere & Co. should continue to  see robust demand for its farming equipment that can provide large production  gains. Trimble Navigation offers farmers technology that can collect and  analyze data which they can use to automate processes and increase their  overall efficiency. In the fertilizer space, companies such as The Mosaic Co.  and Potash Corp. should benefit from increased demand for their yield-increasing  products. Monsanto Company’s genetically engineered seeds allow farmers to plant  in more areas and lengthen the planting season. FMC Corp. should see continued  demand for their herbicides, insecticides, and fungicides which are all  important contributors to crop yields. Valmont Industries is a leader in  irrigation equipment with a presence in international markets where penetration  is low. Valmont can help solve many of the aforementioned problems by offering  better water efficiency, increased yields, and a reduction in erosion and  topsoil loss.The Destructive Destabilization of Crop Inflation The societal implications of higher  crop prices are quite sobering. Across the world, rising costs will be passed  through to consumers who will see more of their disposable income eaten up at  the grocery store or market. In developed markets, the growth of processed  food, highly efficient supply chains and competition between grocery stores,  restaurants, etc., will help limit the effect on the end user. In developing  markets, however, rising crop prices could drive large increases in food costs  and lead to geopolitical instability. Food accounts for roughly 10 percent of  the budgets of more developed nations versus greater than 40 percent for  emerging countries. Not coincidentally, when the Food and Agriculture  Organization (FAO) food price index spikes above 210 as it did in 2008 and  2011, we see a significant increase in riots and civil unrest. During the 2008  crisis, food prices spiked on a confluence of many of the factors mentioned  above causing unrest in countries across Asia and Africa. In 2011, rising food  costs were a major factor in setting off the Arab Spring, which caused riots  across the Middle East and the demise of regimes in Egypt, Yemen, Tunisia and  Libya. Such turmoil could derail economic advancement in these fragile nations  and limit overall global GDP growth.  Long-term Threats and Opportunities Food demand per capita is growing  along with the world’s population, yet there will be no concurrent growth in  either the earth’s size or raw resources. Unless investments are made to both  increase the productivity and maintain the supply of land, there will be serious  worldwide consequences and potentially crippling socioeconomic instability. Providers  of solutions that help farmers economically and efficiently attain these goals  are attractive investments on a long-term horizon. The inelastic nature of food  demand should drive increased use of these companies’ products and services  under various macroeconomic conditions leading to less correlation and  volatility versus the general equity indices over time.Risks to our thesis on food demand  growth include slower worldwide population and GDP growth, especially in  emerging economies. An end or reduction of ethanol mandates would likely  diminish overall demand for corn and create downward pressure on crop prices.  Also, a long period of favorable weather could lead to significant oversupply  of crops which would depress prices and limit farmer investments. Information in this commentary regarding market or economic trends or  the factors influencing historical or future performance reflects the opinions  of management as of the date hereof.  These statements should not be  relied upon for any other purpose. Past performance is no guarantee of future  results, and there is no guarantee that any market forecast or trend discussed  herein will be realized. Although the information presented herein is based on  sources believed to be reliable, such information is not guaranteed to be  accurate and is subject to change. This material should not be used as a primary basis for making  investment decisions. Consider your own financial circumstances and goals  carefully before making any investment decision. 



1Q 2012 - Natural Gas as an Investment Opportunity - Natural Gas
2Q 2011 - Water
1Q 2011 - Timberlands


 



 Mutual Fund Related Questions 800.746.3322 Separately Managed Accounts 800.551.0990
 Copyright @ 2012 www.croftleo.com 



Croft Leominster, Inc.


300 Water StreetBaltimore, Maryland 21202




Privacy Policy  |  Legal Disclaimer





Croft Leominster Inc                                                                                                     - Baltimore                                         , MD         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MD



Baltimore



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Croft Leominster Inc
                                    



 





















C 


Croft Leominster Inc                                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



300 WATER ST FL 4 BALTIMORE, MD 21202
Get Directions



(410) 576-0100
www.croftleo.com                                                                                        





Business Info



 Founded 1989
 Incorporated MD
 Annual Revenue $6,030,046.00
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Kent G Croft                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1989 the company has been providing Investment Advice. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.






































Chase (CCF) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Chase Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chase Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



ValuEngine Upgrades Oritani Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:ORIT) to Buy					

FORTERRA INC (FRTA) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold					

TriState Capital Holdings, Inc. (TSC) Lifted to Buy at ValuEngine					

WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (NASDAQ:WETF) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine					

Evoke Pharma Inc (EVOK) Lifted to Hold at ValuEngine					

ValuEngine Upgrades Exponent, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPO) to “Hold”					

Cigna Corporation (NYSE:CI) Rating Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine					

Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine					

Aemetis, Inc (AMTX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research					

CymaBay Therapeutics’ (NASDAQ:CBAY) Outperform Rating Reiterated at CIBC					

DragonWave Inc (NASDAQ:DRWI) Downgraded by Desjardins to “Sell”					

SPS Commerce, Inc. (SPSC) Now Covered by Analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.					

Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCK) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research					

Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS) Price Target Cut to $83.00					

Umpqua Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:UMPQ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stephens					

Deutsche Bank AG Cuts QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Price Target to $60.00					

Digital Turbine, Inc. (APPS) Downgraded by ValuEngine					

Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ:IPAR) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research					

ValuEngine Lowers Belden Inc (NYSE:BDC) to Hold					

Deutsche Bank AG Lowers Northern Trust Corporation (NTRS) Price Target to $93.00					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Chase (CCF) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds					

						 June 27th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Mark Dietrich 


							Filed Under: Investing - News Sentiment Articles 






Tweet










News coverage about Chase (NYSEMKT:CCF) has trended somewhat positive this week, Accern reports. The research group scores the sentiment of media coverage by reviewing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. Accern ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Chase earned a news sentiment score of 0.20 on Accern’s scale. Accern also gave media stories about the construction company an impact score of 100 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is extremely likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near term. 
Shares of Chase (NYSEMKT:CCF) opened at 106.80 on Tuesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $987.47 million, a PE ratio of 27.04 and a beta of 1.64. Chase has a 12 month low of $55.54 and a 12 month high of $116.15. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $106.99 and its 200 day moving average price is $95.24. 
In related news, insider Peter R. Chase sold 1,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $104.00, for a total value of $104,000.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 499,803 shares in the company, valued at $51,979,512. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Lewis P. Gack sold 800 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $96.15, for a total value of $76,920.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 7,634 shares in the company, valued at approximately $734,009.10. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 3,200 shares of company stock worth $318,825. 
WARNING: This report was first  reported by Watch List News and is owned by of Watch List News. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/chase-ccf-getting-somewhat-favorable-news-coverage-report-finds/1395923.html. 




Chase Company Profile
Chase Corporation is engaged in manufacturing of protective materials for reliability applications. The Company’s operating segments include industrial materials segment and construction materials segment. The Industrial Materials segment includes specified products that are used in, or integrated into, another company’s product, with demand typically dependent upon general economic conditions.



Receive News & Ratings for Chase Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chase Co. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Mark Dietrich 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 













































Croft Leominster, Inc. About Us













 Home
 Sitemap





HOME
ABOUT
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
MUTUAL FUNDS
FROM THE OX'S MOUTH







    Located in downtown Baltimore at the historic Canton House, Croft-Leominster is   fee-based manager with a wealth of experience. The Croft-Leominster management   team has 75+ years collective experience and national clientele. The firm   manages more than $600 million in separately managed portfolios and two no-load   mutual funds for retail investors - the Croft Value Fund (CLVFX) and the Croft Income Fund (CLINX).

Please contact us at 800   551-0990 to find out more about the services that Croft-Leominster has to   offer to retail and institutional investors. 




Mr. Kent G. Croft
      Mr. Kent G. Croft holds an A.B. degree (1985) from Dartmouth College. From 1985 through May 1988, Mr. Croft was   employed as a manager in the equity department at Salomon Brothers, Inc., New   York. From 1988 to 1989, Mr. Croft was Vice President, Real Estate Investments   for Bryans Road Corp. In 1989, he founded Croft-Leominster, Inc. with L. Gordon   Croft. Mr. Kent Croft along with his father, Gordon Croft, have been portfolio managers for each Fund since its inception.




      Mr. G. Russell Croft
      Mr. G. Russell Croft holds a B.A. degree (1996)   from Washington and Lee University and obtained his M.B.A. (1998) from the   University of London. Before coming to Croft-Leominster, Inc., Mr. Croft had   experience working for Gabelli & Company in New York. Mr. G. Russell Croft   has been a portfolio manager for each Fund since 2006.


 



 Mutual Fund Related Questions 800.746.3322 Separately Managed Accounts 800.551.0990
 Copyright @ 2012 www.croftleo.com 



Croft Leominster, Inc.


300 Water StreetBaltimore, Maryland 21202




Privacy Policy  |  Legal Disclaimer







Croft Leominster Inc in Baltimore, MD 21202 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Maryland
» Baltimore
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Croft Leominster Inc













Croft Leominster Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





300 Water St Fl 4 Baltimore, Maryland 21202


(410) 576-0100
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Croft Leominster Inc is located at the address 300 Water St in Baltimore, Maryland 21202.  They can be contacted via phone at (410) 576-0100 for pricing, hours and directions.  Croft Leominster Inc has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact Carol  Croftlinde, Principal or  go to www.croftleo.comCroft Leominster Inc provides Individual Services, Banking, Commercial Services to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Croft Leominster Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Croft Leominster Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Certificates Of Deposit
, Industrial Policies
, CDs
, Commodities
, Loans
, Real Estate Mutual Funds
, Business Continuation Plans
, Agency Bonds
, Self-Employed Policies
, Securities



SERVICES


Insurance
, Individual Services
, Income Planning
, Banking
, Financial Services
, Institutional Services
, Commercial Services
, Corporate Services
, Investment Planning
, Short Term Planning



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (410) 576-0100
Website: www.croftleo.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 10 To 19
Exact Employee Count: 15
Exact Sales Volume: 1750000
Location Type: Headquarters
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Flag Investors Inc


1 South St  Baltimore, Maryland 21202




Ferris Baker Watts Inc


100 Light St Fl 10 Baltimore, Maryland 21202




Integrated Capital LLC


1809 1/2 Pennsylvania Ave  Baltimore, Maryland 21217




Integrated Capital LLC


3810 E Lombard St  Baltimore, Maryland 21224




Citifinancial


4171 Patterson Ave  Baltimore, Maryland 21215




E Trade


6635 Belair Rd  Baltimore, Maryland 21206





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Carol  Croftlinde
PRINCIPAL
Phone: (410) 576-0100 
 



George  Croft
VICE PRESIDENT
Phone: (410) 576-0100 
 



Phillip  Vong
ADMINISTRATOR
Phone: (410) 576-0100 
 



Carla  Prescimone
TRADER
Phone: (800) 551-0990 
 



Kent G Croft
PRESIDENT
Phone: (410) 576-0100 
 



Theodore  Dickson
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (800) 551-0990 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












Croft Leominster Inc 300 Water St Baltimore, MD Financial Advisory Services - MapQuest







































































































    Croft Leominster Inc
  

300 Water St

Baltimore
MD
21202




 Reviews



(410) 576-0100
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!


  
  
            Founded in 1989, Croft Leominster is a registered investment advisor firm that works under the Investment Advisory Act of 1940. It manages portfolios for high net worth individuals, foundations, endowments, pension and profit sharing plans, 401Ks, and traditional and Roth individual retirement arrangements. Croft Leominster also offers two mutual funds that include the Croft Leominster Value Fund and the Croft Leominster Income Fund. The firm is located in Baltimore. Croft Leominster has a staff of portfolio managers, research analysts, account administrators and client service specialists. The firm also provides guidance to its clients on a wide range of financial matters, such as retirement, estate and educational expense planning, portfolio evaluations of outside investments, bank custodian services and fee analysis and charitable giving options.
          






















Legal






Help























	CROFT LEOMINSTER Trademark of Croft-Leominster, Inc.. Serial Number: 75598236 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
CROFT LEOMINSTER










 
Get FREE email alerts













CROFT LEOMINSTER  Trademark Information
 Croft-Leominster, Inc.
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES IN THE FIELD OF MUTUAL FUNDS AND INVESTMENT COUNSELING




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
investment   management   services   field   mutual   funds   investment   counseling    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CROFT LEOMINSTER trademark by Croft-Leominster, Inc. 
                                in Baltimore, MD, 212023322.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CROFT LEOMINSTER trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Croft-Leominster, Inc. of the CROFT LEOMINSTER trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CROFT LEOMINSTER trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, December 2, 1998,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CROFT LEOMINSTER by 
                        Croft-Leominster, Inc., Baltimore, MD  212023322.
                        The USPTO has given the CROFT LEOMINSTER 
                        trademark serial  number of  75598236.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for CROFT LEOMINSTER is 
                        
                        
                                            CROFT-LEOMINSTER, INC. of 
                                            300 WATER ST,  BALTIMORE, MD 21202-3238,  
                                .
                            The CROFT LEOMINSTER trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CROFT LEOMINSTER 
                            is INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES IN THE FIELD OF MUTUAL FUNDS AND INVESTMENT COUNSELING. 
                            





Word mark:
 CROFT LEOMINSTER


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

8/27/2010



  Serial Number:  
75598236


  Filing Date:  
12/2/1998


 Registration Number:  
2311494 


 Registration Date:  
1/25/2000


 Goods and Services: 
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES IN THE FIELD OF MUTUAL FUNDS AND INVESTMENT COUNSELING


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/2/1999


Last Applicant/Owner:

Croft-Leominster, Inc.Baltimore, MD  212023322
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words(75% Reduction of drawing size)


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Restraints, including handcuffs, ball and chain, manacles and leg irons  (Hardware, tools and ladders, non  -  motorized agricultural implements; keys and locks.  -   Keys for locks; locks ) see more design...


                                                    Rectangles as carriers or rectangles as single or multiple line borders (Geometric figures and solids   -  Rectangles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


CROFT-LEOMINSTER, INC.
300 WATER ST
BALTIMORE, MD 21202-3238







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
4/14/1998


First Use In Commerce: 
4/14/1998





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CROFT LEOMINSTER trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/27/2010
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



CROFT-LEOMINSTER, INC.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CROFT LEOMINSTER trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search croftleominster on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CROFT LEOMINSTER 




CROFT LEOMINSTER is providing INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES IN THE FIELD OF MUTUAL FUNDS AND INVESTMENT COUNSELING.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Croft Leominster Inc. | Wealthminder











































Croft Leominster Inc.


Croft Leominster Inc.
(CRD# 105561) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Baltimore, MD.
They
manage $677,482,326 in 265 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 6 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Croft Leominster Inc.




The Canton House, 300 Water Street,
Baltimore,
MD
21202
410-576-0100
http://www.croftleo.com




http://www.croftleo.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

677
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

265
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$2,556,537







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Other






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




FL, LA, MD, NH, PA, VA






Financial Advisors at Croft Leominster Inc.




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Kent G. Croft



CRD#:
1821033



Canton House, 300 Water Street,
Baltimore,
MD
21202




93

Wealthminder
score








Kent Croft (CRD# 1821033) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Croft Leominster Inc. in Baltimore, MD and has 
over 29 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Luther G. Croft



CRD#:
1710951



Canton House, 300 Water Street,
Baltimore,
MD
21202




87

Wealthminder
score








Luther Croft (CRD# 1710951) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Croft Leominster Inc. in Baltimore, MD and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














﻿

























American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) Position Held by Croft Leominster Inc. - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for American International Group Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor American International Group Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Wpp Plc (LON:WPP) Downgraded by Shore Capital
Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Newmont Mining Corporation (NEM)
Independent Oil & Gas PLC (LON:IOG) Receives Corporate Rating from FinnCap
Itv Plc. (OTCMKTS:ITVPY) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine
Air France-KLM SA (OTC:AFLYY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Royal Bank Of Canada
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Gorman-Rupp Co (NYSEMKT:GRC) to “Hold”
Northland Securities Reaffirms “Corporate” Rating for Arian Silver Corp (LON:AGQ)
AutoChina International Ltd. (OTCMKTS:AUTCF) Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine
Shin-Etsu Chemical Co. (OTCMKTS:SHECY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG
TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL) Stake Increased by Morgan Stanley
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Stake in Apartment Investment and Management Company (AIV)
United States Steel Corporation (X) Shares Bought by Vanguard Group Inc.
Morgan Stanley Has $115.95 Million Position in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGN)
3,863,221 Shares in Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) Acquired by Renaissance Technologies LLC
Renaissance Technologies LLC Takes Position in KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY)
Renaissance Technologies LLC Takes Position in Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN)
Lazard Asset Management LLC Sells 4,051 Shares of Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PEI)
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $98.15 Million Position in ON Semiconductor Corporation (ON)
Caisse DE Depot ET Placement DU Quebec Has $701,000 Position in lululemon athletica inc. (LULU)


 


American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) Position Held by Croft Leominster Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 

Croft Leominster Inc. held its stake in shares of American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 5,300 shares of the insurance provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Croft Leominster Inc.’s holdings in American International Group were worth $331,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Israel Discount Bank of New York acquired a new stake in shares of American International Group during the first quarter valued at $145,000. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN purchased a new position in American International Group during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $148,000. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC increased its position in American International Group by 0.5% in the first quarter. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC now owns 2,642 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $165,000 after buying an additional 14 shares in the last quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. increased its position in American International Group by 147.9% in the first quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 2,868 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $176,000 after buying an additional 1,711 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. purchased a new position in American International Group during the first quarter valued at approximately $184,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 86.16% of the company’s stock. 




Shares of American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) traded up 0.06% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $64.23. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,488,528 shares. The stock has a market cap of $59.46 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 130.55 and a beta of 1.13. American International Group, Inc. has a 52-week low of $53.93 and a 52-week high of $67.47. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $63.57 and a 200-day moving average price of $63.20. 


 Get American International Group Inc. alerts:



American International Group (NYSE:AIG) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The insurance provider reported $1.36 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.11 by $0.25. American International Group had a return on equity of 5.36% and a net margin of 1.00%. The company had revenue of $11.31 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $11 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.65 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that American International Group, Inc. will post $5.02 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, June 28th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, June 14th were paid a $0.32 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Monday, June 12th. This represents a $1.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.99%. American International Group’s payout ratio is presently 412.92%. 
American International Group declared that its Board of Directors has authorized a share buyback plan on Wednesday, May 3rd that permits the company to buyback $2.50 billion in shares. This buyback authorization permits the insurance provider to reacquire up to 4.2% of its stock through open market purchases. Stock buyback plans are usually an indication that the company’s leadership believes its stock is undervalued. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) Position Held by Croft Leominster Inc.” was originally posted by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/20/croft-leominster-inc-maintains-stake-in-american-international-group-inc-aig-updated-updated.html. 
AIG has been the subject of several research reports. TheStreet upgraded American International Group from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Royal Bank Of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $71.00 target price on shares of American International Group in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Wells Fargo & Company reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of American International Group in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Credit Suisse Group set a $72.00 target price on American International Group and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, April 15th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded American International Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, July 5th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the stock. American International Group presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $65.15.
In other American International Group news, CEO Brian Duperreault purchased 80,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 18th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $61.48 per share, for a total transaction of $4,918,400.00. Following the purchase, the chief executive officer now owns 80,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,918,400. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Corporate insiders own 0.52% of the company’s stock. 
About American International Group
American International Group, Inc is a global insurance company. The Company provides a range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products and other financial services to commercial and individual customers. Its segments include Commercial Insurance, Consumer Insurance, Other Operations and Legacy Portfolio. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for American International Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American International Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 





































Head to Head Contrast: Arconic (ARNC) & Alcoa Corp. (NYSE:AA) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Arconic Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arconic Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Dorchester Minerals, L.P. Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.32 (NASDAQ:DMLP)					

Comparing BPC Acquisition Corp (BERY) and AptarGroup (ATR)					

Insider Buying: Tile Shop Hldgs, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTS) Director Acquires 37,782 Shares of Stock					

Interrent Real Estate Investment Trust (IIP) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.02 on  August 15th					

Peak Resorts, Inc. (SKIS) Major Shareholder Cap 1 Llc Acquires 152,400 Shares					

Frank’s International N.V. (FI) and McDermott International (NYSE:MDR) Head-To-Head Survey					

Navistar International Corporation (NYSE:NAV) Major Shareholder Truck & Bus Gmbh Volkswagen Purchases 43,501 Shares					

ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) EVP Glenn Baity Sells 38,097 Shares					

Reviewing Chunghwa Telecom Co. (CHT) and Consolidated Communications Holdings (NASDAQ:CNSL)					

Head to Head Contrast: Arconic (ARNC) & Alcoa Corp. (NYSE:AA)					

Antero Resources Corporation’s (AR) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus					

BancorpSouth, Inc. (NYSE:BXS) Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies					

Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) PT Set at $245.00 by Berenberg Bank					

Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Price Target Increased to $60.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG					

MSC Industrial Direct Company, Inc. (MSM) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.99 Per Share					

 

Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:AMX)					

Brokerages Anticipate Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd (BHVN) to Announce ($0.57) EPS					

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:PEI) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

Zacks: Clipper Realty Inc (NASDAQ:CLPR) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages					





 





						Head to Head Contrast: Arconic (ARNC) & Alcoa Corp. (NYSE:AA)					

						 July 22nd, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Jeff Wilder 


							Filed Under: Comparison Articles - Finance 







Tweet










Arconic (NASDAQ: ARNC) and Alcoa Corp. (NYSE:AA) are both mid-cap basic materials companies, but which is the better stock? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their dividends, institutional ownership, valuation, analyst recommendations, risk, earnings and profitabiliy. 
Earnings & Valuation
This table compares Arconic and Alcoa Corp.’s top-line revenue, earnings per share and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Arconic
$12.53 billion
0.89
$1.56 billion
N/A
N/A


Alcoa Corp.
$9.84 billion
0.69
$1.45 billion
N/A
N/A






Arconic has higher revenue and earnings than Alcoa Corp.. 
Profitability
This table compares Arconic and Alcoa Corp.’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Arconic
10.09%
23.34%
6.43%


Alcoa Corp.
1.63%
3.28%
1.60%


Analyst Recommendations
This is a summary of recent ratings for Arconic and Alcoa Corp., as reported by MarketBeat.com. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Arconic
1
4
4
0
2.33


Alcoa Corp.
0
4
15
0
2.79


Arconic presently has a consensus target price of $26.25, suggesting a potential upside of 4.13%. Alcoa Corp. has a consensus target price of $38.87, suggesting a potential upside of 6.14%. Given Alcoa Corp.’s stronger consensus rating and  higher probable upside, analysts plainly believe Alcoa Corp. is more favorable than Arconic.
Summary
Arconic beats Alcoa Corp. on 6 of the 9 factors compared between the two stocks.
About Arconic
Arconic Inc., formerly Alcoa Inc., is engaged in lightweight metals engineering and manufacturing. The Company operates through three segments: Global Rolled Products, Engineered Products and Solutions, and Transportation and Construction Solutions. Its multi-material products, which include aluminum, titanium and nickel, are used around the world in markets, such as aerospace, automotive, commercial transportation and packaging. The Global Rolled Products segment produces a range of aluminum sheet and plate products for the aerospace, automotive, commercial transportation, brazing and industrial markets. The Engineered Products and Solutions segment develops and manufactures products for the aerospace (commercial and defense), commercial transportation and power generation end markets. The Transportation and Construction Solutions segment produces products that are used in the non-residential building and construction and commercial transportation end markets.
About Alcoa Corp.
Alcoa Corporation, formerly Alcoa Upstream Corporation, is engaged in the production of bauxite, alumina and aluminum of various cast and rolled products. The Company is engaged in the production and management of aluminum and alumina combined through its participation in various aspects of the industry, such as technology, mining, refining, smelting, and recycling. The Company’s segments include Bauxite, Alumina, Aluminum, Cast Products, Energy and Rolled Products. The Company’s Bauxite segment represents its global portfolio of bauxite mining assets. The Company’s Alumina segment represents its refining system across the world, and processes bauxite into alumina and sells it directly to internal and external smelter customers across the world. The Company’s Aluminum segment represents its smelter system across the world. Its Energy segment represents its portfolio of energy assets, with power production capacity of approximately 1,685 megawatts.





Receive News & Ratings for Arconic Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arconic Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



























































Croft Leominster, Inc. - Investment Management and Strategy












 Home
 Sitemap





HOME
ABOUT
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
MUTUAL FUNDS
FROM THE OX'S MOUTH









  







INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
Our investment strategy at Croft Leominster is based on the generation of stock ideas and conducting due diligence research and analysis. We follow a methodical multi-step process for picking stocks resulting in a portfolio that represents our best ideas.





 







From the Ox's Mouth
(articles offering unique perspectives)
How China is Changing Your Dinner Plate 
						 A discussion of the pervasive impact of increased Chinese demand on California agriculture. 
Birth Order is Basically Meaningless 
						 Looks like it might be a little more difficult to blame it on "Middle Child Syndrome"... 
UNSW Professor Heads to the UN to Call for Ban on Killer Robots   
						 With drone technology and artificial intelligence advancing by the day, are we sowing the seeds of a future that looks eerily like the Sci-Fi classic, 'The Terminator'? 
Instilling Empathy Among Doctors Pays Off for Patient Care 
						 An increased focus on understanding the patient could be an important cog in the solution to stemming the exponential rise in healthcare costs. 
					
More Articles»



 



 Mutual Fund Related Questions 800.746.3322 Separately Managed Accounts 800.551.0990
 Copyright @ 2012 www.croftleo.com 



Croft Leominster, Inc.


300 Water StreetBaltimore, Maryland 21202




Privacy Policy  |  Legal Disclaimer



 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


