    Brian Crynes | Starbucks Corporation | ZoomInfo.com


Brian F Crynes - Seattle, WA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Brian F Crynes in Seattle, WA


Brian F Crynes

                                                                           Intelius found that Brian F Crynes  is  a male between 70 and 70 years old from Seattle, WA.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Bryan F Crynes


Get Report Now

Age

Brian F Crynes is in his 70s

Brian Has Lived In

Seattle, WA
Princeton, NJ
Los Altos, CA

Brian's Relatives

Virginia Crynes
Casey Crynes







Brian F Crynes



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Data Processing Executive at Starbucks Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Brian? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Brian, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Brian F Crynes
Get a Criminal Check on Brian F Crynes
Get a Public Record Report on Brian F Crynes
Get a People Search Report on Brian F Crynes


Brian F Crynes's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Brian F Crynes has lived as well as Brian F Crynes's phone numbers and email addresses.




Brian F Crynes Has Lived in 5 States
Washington Address for Brian F Crynes


63 O****** D* 

Seattle, WA


Has Lived In

Seattle, WA
Princeton, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Brian F Crynes

(206) ***-**** - Seattle, WA 
(206) ***-**** - Seattle, WA 
(206) ***-**** - Seattle, WA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Brian F Crynes

b*****s@***.com
b**********s@***.com
b*****s@***.com


Get Email Report




Brian F Crynes's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Brian F Crynes's academic history.  Find out which schools Brian F Crynes attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Brian F Crynes received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Brian F Crynes Has Attended 4 Schools
INSEAD Brian F Crynes has a Fontainebleau, France in France               
INSEAD                              Brian F Crynes has a  Fontainebleau, France               
University of Scranton                              Brian F Crynes has a MBA, Finance & Bs, Mathematics in Finance & Bs               
University of Scranton                              Brian F Crynes has a  Mba, Finance & Bs, Mathematics               


Brian F Crynes's Professional Information
Information regarding Brian F Crynes's professional history.  Find out previous places Brian F Crynes has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Brian F Crynes Has Worked at 12 Places
Company: Starbucks Corporation
               Title: Data Processing Executive
Company: BluePhoenix Solutions Ltd
               Title: Board Of Directors
Brian F Crynes's Experience
Title: Data Processing Executive
               Company: Starbucks Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 100,000 and above
Title: Board Of Directors
               Company: BluePhoenix Solutions Ltd
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Additional Professional Information on Brian F Crynes

 See Brian F Crynes's LinkedIn Profile



Brian F Crynes's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Brian F Crynes


Brian F Crynes's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Brian F Crynes's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Brian Crynes
Username Matches

                  BrianCrynes
                  CrynesBrian
                  Brian.Crynes
                  Crynes.Brian
                  Brian_Crynes
                  Crynes_Brian
                  Brian-Crynes
                  Crynes-Brian
                  BCrynes
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
B Crynes







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.












Personal Development Products, Books, E-Books, Audiobooks - Achieve Goals, Self-Confidence, Self Discipline - How to Write a Book, Become a Published Author - How to Raise Children  Page 1 of 8














cart





search




reorder









BRIAN TRACY





Categories ▾
Categories


Personal Development
Sales Training
Business Training
Time Management
Leadership Training
Book Writing
Public Speaking


Blog
Shop

Speaking & Coaching ▾
Speaking & Coaching


See Brian Speak
Live Speaker Training With Brian
Brian's Speaking Calendar
Coaching Programs
Become a Coach



My Account ▾
My Account


Login




















Personal Development Home
Personal Development Products
Personal Development Blog
Personal Online Learning






Personal Development Products




Featured Product





The Science of Self-Confidence Training Kit
Eliminate your fears and build rock solid self-confidence to achieve all of your goals. In this training kit, you'll learn how to: 
Harness the power of self-confidence to completely transform your life. 
                            Eliminate negativity and focus on what is really important to your future.
                            Dramatically increase your income and unlock your true potential.
                            Live a happier and more satisfying life.
PLUS BONUSES TRAINING KIT - $197

Read more about this product »




Most Popular Product





Success Mastery Academy
A proven system for setting goals and objectives to achieve personal success. In this ground-breaking program, with more than 12 hours of audio, you'll learn how to:
Motivate yourself to greater levels of peak performance,
			                Achieve ALL of your goals immediately - big and small,
			                Realize what you want and then live your dreams,
                            and Develop absolute clarity about what you want and how to get it
16 CDS OVER 12 HOURS OF AUDIO + WORKBOOK - $197

Read more about this product »







        More Products - Page:  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... Next >>


        Format: 
All Formats
Audios
Books
Training Kits
Videos



        Sort By: 
Best Sellers
Newest to Oldest
Oldest to Newest
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low








Power Productivity with Brian Tracy
e-Learing, e-Learing, e-Learing, e-Learing, e-Learing, e-Learing, e-Learing, e-Learing, e-Learing, e-Learing, e-Learing, e-Learing, or e-Learing - 12 lesson digital training course with certification
$697.00  $690.00  (you save 1%)
More Info








Power of Personal Achievement Home Study Program
Training Kit, Training Kit, Training Kit, or Training Kit - 26 Virtual Training Videos + 1 PDF Workbook
$697.00  $697.00
More Info








Goals Mastery for Personal and Financial Achievement
Training Kit, Digital Training Kit, Digital Training Kit, Digital Training Kit, or Digital Training Kit - Video training program with supplemental DVD's and workbook
$799.00  $497.00  (you save 38%)
More Info








The Power of Effective Communication
Training Kit, Digital Training Kit, Digital Training Kit, Training Kit, or Digital Training Kit - 
$394.00  $197.00  (you save 50%)
More Info








How to Write a Book and Become a Published Author Virtual Training Course
Training Kit, Digital Training Kit, Digital Training Kit, Training Kit, Digital Training Kit, or Digital Training Kit - 4-part virtual training course, 5 CD's, 1 DVD, 1 Workbook
$997.00  $697.00  (you save 30%)
More Info








Success Mastery Academy
Compact Disc, MP3, MP3, Compact Disc, or MP3 - 16 CDs over 12 Hours of Audio + Workbook + Digital
$295.00  $197.00  (you save 33%)
More Info








The Best of Brian Tracy
Training Kit, Digital Training Kit, Digital Training Kit, Training Kit, or Digital Training Kit - Physical or Digital SPECIAL OFFER
$247.00  $197.00  (you save 20%)
More Info








Accelerated Learning Techniques + Bonuses
Training Kit, Digital Training Kit, Digital Training Kit, Digital Training Kit, or Digital Training Kit - CD program
$162.80  $97.00  (you save 40%)
More Info





        More Products - Page:  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... Next >>





Testimonials

“Your techniques on personal discipline have really got me on track. I have always lacked discipline and I somehow thought by avoiding my responsibilities and my goals I was avoiding work - now I know that I was actually creating more work for myself. Since I have created new habits of self discipline I find that my life is easier and better than ever. Thank you Brian Tracy.”
Danny T - Miami, FL


“I have read and reviewed most of Brian Tracy's previously published books and hold him high regard because he has helped so many people to overcome the barriers to their personal as well as professional development, especially when many (if not most) of the limits are self-imposed. Tracy agrees with what Henry Ford observed long ago: "Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. When climbing mountains, ladders, whatever, attitude usually does determine altitude. But he also realizes that many people feel overwhelmed by their circumstances, have no self-confidence, and need help in the form of sound, practical, step-by-step advice. Tracy positions himself as a counselor, not as a cheerleader. In this book, he shares his thoughts about a process of reinvention that can enable almost anyone to achieve whatever goals they may have.”
Robert Morris - Dallas, TX


“Whenever I feel like I am getting off-track with my goals, I listen to my Brian Tracy CDs. It absolutely helps me refocus, set new goals and reminds me why my goals were important and what I have to do to achieve them. I also have my staff listen to the CDs to improve their sales capabilities and to motivate them towards success.”
Jamie Hales - Minneapolis, MN


“Brian Tracy's materials definitely stand out as the best I have seen and read. I started reading his books six months ago. My lifestyle has change abundantly since then! I have implemented his action points with amazing results within my office team, and relationship with my family and friends. A million thanks to Brian Tracy.”
Enimakpokpo - Lagos, Nigeria















                Follow Brian
                &
                Join the Discussion
                



Google+
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Linkedin
Youtube









Explore

Home
Blog
Learn
Newsletter
Shop
Free Resources
Mobile Apps



Shop

Best Sellers
Personal Success
Sales Training
Business Training
Time Management
Leadership




Support

Contact Us
Knowledge Base
Shipping & Returns
Site map
Privacy Policy



About

About Brian
Speaking
Coaching
Affiliates
Brian Recommends






Search


 









Your Privacy is Guaranteed. We will never give, lease or sell your personal information. Period!


© Copyright 2001-2017 Brian Tracy International.All Rights Reserved.




















 













 











BluePhoenix Solutions Adds Brian Crynes, Another Respected Industry Leader To The Board Of Directors - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































BluePhoenix Solutions Adds Brian Crynes, Another Respected Industry Leader To The Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Sep 19, 2012 12:47 PM EDT













 




























































  BluePhoenix ( www.bphx.com) (NASDAQ: BPHX), the leading provider of tools and services for modernizing legacy systems and applications, announced the election of Brian Crynes as a new member of the Board of Directors. “It’s not often a company gets to hear direct feedback from target customers and Brian is exactly the type of person we sell to. His perspective and feedback will ensure we continue to build solutions our customers want and need,” said Matt Bell, President & CEO.  Brian Crynes has led global IT teams at Russell Investments, Starbucks, Coca-Cola Amatil, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Apple. Brian served as Global CIO for Starbucks from 2001-2008 as the business grew from $2.5 to $10 Billion and 5,000 to 15,000 stores. As CIO for Coca-Cola Amatil, he delivered business solutions across twenty countries in Asia Pacific. At Bristol-Myers Squibb, Brian led IT for the $16 Billion Worldwide Medicines Division. At Apple, Brian led the Asia Pacific and Europe IT Teams and transformed local IT resources into Competency Centers for strategy, solution delivery and infrastructure services. Brian graduated from the University of Scranton with a BS in Mathematics and an MBA in Finance. He also attended INSEAD in Paris, France.  “Having led organizations with large mission critical applications running on the mainframe, I know firsthand the challenges they present in high costs, lack of integration and available skilled expertise to maintain them,” said Brian Crynes. He went on to say, “BluePhoenix is taking the right approach by automating and leveraging technology to lower the complexity and risk of migrating core functionality to new platforms.”  “We are very excited to have a person of Brian’s background and technology pedigree, join the board. The addition of Brian serves as validation to all the hard work we have been doing over the last year transforming the company,” said Mel Keating, Chairman of the Board of Directors. Keating also commented, “BluePhoenix is now in the best financial shape since its IPO and we are excited to shift all our focus to innovating best in class tools and technology for the Legacy Modernization market.”  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













3 Stocks Pushing The Technology Sector Lower
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the Technology sector lower today.



TheStreet Wire

Feb 5, 2015 4:32 PM EST
























3 Stocks Pushing The Computer Software & Services Industry Lower
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the Computer Software & Services industry lower today.



TheStreet Wire

Feb 4, 2015 4:32 PM EST
























3 Stocks Pushing The Technology Sector Lower
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the Technology sector lower today.



TheStreet Wire

Feb 4, 2015 4:32 PM EST
























3 Stocks Pushing The Technology Sector Lower
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the Technology sector lower today.



TheStreet Wire

Jan 28, 2015 4:32 PM EST








































 











Trending


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


Amazon's Shock Earnings Show That It's Cashing In on Wall Street's Goodwill


These Are Our 3 Biggest Stories on Amazon's Bizarre Earnings Whiff


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 



















Product Lessons Learned: Interview With Brian Crofts of Namely






























































											Product Management                                        



											PM Interviews                                        


Product Lessons Learned: Interview With Brian Crofts, VP of Product at Namely


 
by 
                                        
Brian Crofts, VP of Product 
                                            at 
                                                                                        
											Namely                                            











This post is part of a series of interviews that we are conducting with product leaders across various industries. In this interview series, product leaders share their advice with their fellow product managers. We hope this series will shed light on trends and challenges in the profession, and be helpful to new and experienced product managers alike.
The following is a conversation with Brian Crofts, VP of Product at Namely. Namely is a fast-growing, all-in-one HR platform. Before Namely, Brian held a variety of product management and finance roles at Intuit. Here’s Brian’s story.
How did you get into product management?
Brian Crofts (BC): I started my career at Intuit as a corporate finance intern. Like most people, I didn’t go to school for product management. I studied economics and finance and discovered PM later. I considered several career paths after college, but in the end, I chose to stay in finance.
Early on, I saw a product manager on stage at an Intuit all-hands and I thought, “that guy has the best job.” The product manager was a great story teller. He articulated a clear customer problem and had deep empathy for the customer’s pain. He then shared his vision on how to solve that problem, in a compelling way. I knew I wanted a career in product. A year later I was building my first mobile application.
We solved big customer problems at Intuit — we built software to help consumers feel confident about doing their own taxes, for example. We were tackling that kind of customer challenge guided by a specific business model — working with great designers, and the best engineers. As a product manager being at the intersection of the customer, the technology, and the business, in my mind, was the closest thing to being a general manager.
A lot of people describe the product manager’s role as the “CEO of the Product”. What do you make of that moniker? What leadership challenges do you think product managers face?

BC: Leadership can be a hard thing to define. My prior CEO always said, “Your title makes you a manager, but the people decide whether or not you’re a leader.” I think that makes a lot of sense. Generally speaking, people want to be led. In product management, you lead by understanding customer pain (and advocating to solve it), driving towards the best idea, and then ultimately building that solution in a timely manner. Engineers, designers, and the team want to solve the problem, and at the end of the day, they are looking to be led.
Being a leader is not the same as being opinionated. It’s about the desire to “get it right,” not just “be right.” And while many people are working IN the business, it’s important as a leader to constantly working ON the business. These statements can be cliche, but they’ve always mattered to me. And the combination of the two is when we move from people working hard every day to working towards something that really matters — and is customer-driven, data-backed. Do that day after day, year after year, and the probabilities of success dramatically improve.
Tweet This:
“Being a leader is not the same as being opinionated. It’s about the desire to ‘get it right,’ not just ‘be right.'”
Being a leader isn’t something that just happens; it’s something that you develop over time and by experience — by succeeding and failing. It’s action-oriented. We follow people who have a vision, who make decisions, and who move.
What do you love about your job and what is the most challenging part?
BC: Earlier in my career, it was all about launching new products. And that was fun. But it was a new process for me and I didn’t have much confidence. Like anything, it’s been a maturation process. And so those first few times, it was so exciting just to get a feature released or to get a new product launched — and see customers using them.
I think it’s so true in every aspect of life. You get to a point where you can look back, reflect, and ask, “What was the best part of that experience?” There’s of course a big payoff when you launch something and people really love it, but if you didn’t enjoy the part where you were solving the problem — where you were working with customers, and poring over spreadsheets, and looking at data, and trying to synthesize it into insights (Eric Ries calls it “the photo montage”) — then you’re just not going to be a good product manager. If you don’t like that part, you should find a different gig.
I have much more confidence in the process — and a strong point of view on what that process entails. Today, I get just as much satisfaction seeing the members of my team develop as leaders as I do launching a new product. For the most part, my team is my product.
As far as the most challenging aspect of my job, I think it’s surprising how much of the job demands effective and efficient communication.
To be a successful product manager, you need to communicate not only what the vision is and what it is we’re building, but why we’re building it. Read Simon Sinek’s Start With Why. And because we’re agile and because we’re always changing, and constantly getting new data and insights, it becomes imperative that we bring stakeholders along. This often requires some kind of cadence or op mech within the company.
I use ProductPlan to help facilitate the communication of what we’re doing, when we’re doing it, and ultimately, why we’re doing it. As a cross-functional team, we review the roadmap together every month. In the earlier days of my career, I underappreciated the communication aspect of the job. But at the same time, if I had just done it effectively, I would have had an easier time — more time focused on building. I used to spend all my days managing stakeholders — and that’s not right. There’s a balance that needs to be struck, and we’re doing that here at Namely.
One of the first things I worked on when I got here at Namely was reimagining how we communicate both internally and externally. That involves getting different tools, different processes, and getting people aligned/trained on the new way. When it comes to customers, our communication also needs to be agile and contextual, and non-obtrusive. These are things that people don’t typically think about — they think product management is just about building products. But it’s so much more.
How do you manage conflicting priorities within your organization?
BC: There’s a three-part answer to this. First, teams need to operate under guiding principles — principles the organization is aligned to. For example, availability, compliance, security are usually the top of the list and are highly prioritized.
That sounds easy, but it can be difficult once you get past the “non-negotiables.” Soon after joining Namely, our CTO and I worked to get aligned with the other leaders on how we’d prioritize our backlog. It required aligning first on our product vision and strategy.
Apart from aligning on principles, it’s important to bring data to the discussion. The most ineffective meetings are those when decisions get made (or missed) because the loudest person in the room influences everyone else. Meanwhile, key insights and data points have the answer, or can at least aid a decision. For example, your data may show that users are dropping off at the top of the funnel, and nobody’s converting past the homepage, so why are you debating the user experience later on? What does it matter if there is no conversion? Good data and insights can open up the conversation and keep it objective.
And finally, when I say make customer-backed decisions, I mean bringing empathy back into the process and reminding people why we’re doing what we’re doing. I think that can also help unstick people when it comes to conflicting priorities.
It’s also really important to understand the role of escalation. If there is a debate amongst leadership, it’s ultimately up to the CEO to be the tie breaker. That’s a role our CEO plays and an example of how effective escalation can be. It isn’t always a democracy — the reality is we need to make decisions. I think understanding that is very healthy. Escalation is not a negative thing, it’s just about getting to decisions so that teams can commit to those decisions and focus on execution. Our CEO plays that role well here at Namely.
What tools or software can you not live without?

BC: I’ve learned to love a good whiteboard and marker. I have one on wheels, so I often take it with me. I’ve got one whiteboard out here in our working area, and I’ve got another one that sits right by my desk. I like whiteboards because ideas seem to flow when jotting them down. I do most of my writing there. I’ve still yet to find a good “digital whiteboard” for online collaboration. I know they exist, but nothing I’ve incorporated into my toolset.
I also use Evernote, but mostly for sketching. I use Evernote + iPad to sketch out everything from new org charts to product sketches–to sketches of my presentations. I usually will sketch out my whole deck before I actually put it together (similar to building a product).
I view everything as a product — whether it’s a deck or whether it’s a team. The idea is that anything that’s early stage needs to be lower fidelity. I used to have a Moleskine notebook, but now that I have the iPad Pro, I mostly use that.

For example, I’ll sketch out a deck in Evernote, go over it with our CEO, and make real time edits without ever having committed anything to PowerPoint. That kind of rapid iteration process — going from low to increasing fidelity as I get more solid on the answer — that’s how I operate in every aspect of my life. Even my goals for next year are written in Evernote. Not typed, but written with my messy pen because it denotes the lower fidelity. Eventually, those goals will end up nice and typed out in Evernote, and then in our Namely platform.
I think all of these tools are pretty common for product managers; it’s how we use them differently that’s probably the more interesting. I’ve got four or five Trello boards, for instance. I use them for personal to-dos and admin to-dos in the business, and then I’ve got more strategic-level boards. I even have a family board where my kids actually have little things to work on. The high-level, Kanban format gives me a sense of understanding of what’s going on and what we’ve got coming up.

Describe your organization’s roadmap planning process. How far out do you plan? 
BC: Like I mentioned earlier, the first step was getting everybody aligned on how we’re going to prioritize. Then we simply shared those prioritization principles with the team at an all-hands meeting, and talked through the high-level game plan and how we as the leadership team were aligned. Although it was very high level, there were decisions made. We were more explicit on what’s in/what’s out for this next year.
After we distributed the product vision and principles, the teams came back and shared their first draft of their roadmap. We pushed them a little bit on vision. We asked if it was aggressive enough. We made sure it was core to our platform, etc. The best part was seeing how collaboratively these teams worked across design, product, and engineering — and then collaborating with the rest of the business for feedback. It showed in the final result; the team’s roadmaps were very much in line with our strategy.
We focus on six months at a time, say 90% confidence for the stuff in Q1 and 60% confidence for Q2. In ProductPlan, I use milestones to show the beginning of the quarters, and on there, I actually write the percent level of confidence. This is our way of communicating with marketing for example to say, “Hey, this is what we’re going ship, but don’t take it to the bank.” Marketing would never look at Q2 features and communicate them to prospects in any way, but they at least know where we think we’re headed and they can give us feedback on it.
Tweet This:
“The worst thing is becoming beholden to a document that was wrong to begin with.”
It might be the case that we don’t ship what’s on the roadmap. I think the worst thing is becoming beholden to a document that was wrong to begin with just because that’s the nature of how we work. So that’s something we’re trying to break up. In years past, it was like, “Here’s the roadmap, and success for everybody means shipping everything on the roadmap.” But ultimately it’s about getting closer to solving our customer’s pain. That is how we are measuring success.
That’s our approach — and I think it’s pretty similar to how we did things at Intuit. I’m taking some of the best practices we had previously, but also realizing I can move even faster here at Namely.
How do you incorporate customer feedback into your roadmap?

BC: Here’s the thing. Usually, when customers give me feedback on stuff, I already know that it’s broken or that the user experience is bad. It’s either already on our roadmap, or it’s not because it just hasn’t hit the priority list yet. We have work constraints and limited resources, so everything on the roadmap has been prioritized, and there obviously has to be a cut line somewhere.
But the thing that steers the roadmap more than anything is customer insights. What I mean by customer insights is actually spending time with customers and observing how they use the product, and how they solve problems using a variety of tools — even what they do with paper.
Going onsite, in their office, and actually observing what customers are doing is so much more valuable than just listening to what they say.
If I’m on a phone call with somebody, I can’t see their environment. Let’s say I’m working on document management, and I’m talking to someone about how they use document management software. I’m listening and I’m thinking they’re probably paper-free, but then I go on-premise, and see they have all kinds of file cabinets. That leads me to my next step of discovery.
Having the contextual references and seeing their environment can lead to insights. When you watch them use your product, in their space, you see their stress — you see how they feel and you see the emotional side of it. Whereas on the phone they might just tell you, “Yeah, I use it. It’s a good product.”
What are some big mistakes that you’ve seen product managers make (or mistakes you’ve made yourself)?
BC: One mistake I made happened not too long ago, when we had just launched the French version of QuickBooks. During the setup experience, or the first time user experience, there was a period where the app would stall and spin for over a minute. It was a terrible user experience, and I remember coming onto that team and thinking, “Ugh, that’s not very good.”
But then I got caught up in the day job. Even though I knew it was not a good setup experience, I just accepted the status quo and focused elsewhere.
As a product manager, you need to be the person that advocates for good design and a good product, or nobody will.
Tweet This:
“As a PM, you need to be the person that advocates for good design and a good product, or nobody will.”
It took an embarrassing demo with a customer and a senior executive to bring it back to our attention. We all looked at each other and knew we could only blame ourselves for accepting the status quo. So that’s a trap that I’ve fallen into — and I’ve seen others fall into as well. At the end of the day, we need to be advocates. We need to advocate for the customer, and for great user experiences, and for great products. We need to always be raising the bar.
If you could give only one piece of advice to a new product manager, what would it be?

BC: We’ve talked a lot about making decisions and leading, but I think product managers who really excel are those who also find a way to build hand-in-hand with engineers and designers. We can be builders too.
Product managers should understand what it means to be a builder. That may mean learning to become more technical, or it may mean learning how to lead design thinking. It’s important to establish that role as you lead.
A PM who is more technical usually pulls their own SQL queries to better understand customer usage trends. In doing that, you’re gathering information that’s helpful to ensure you’re building and investing in the right areas.
Design thinking is the process of developing deep customer empathy and insight, and then building something that customers will love — and that’s being a builder as well. It’s not just about writing good user stories or setting a good vision. It’s about actually getting your hands dirty and building; sketching out designs, observing customers, sitting in on sales calls. This is the right step in the evolution of product management.
I would advise aspiring product managers to develop those skills. In your undergrad, learn how to code or learn how to design. Even if you ultimately want to become a product manager, you need to have technical chops — and you need to know how to actually build stuff.
You have been involved in bringing new products to market for quite some time. How has product management changed over the years?
BC: I think macro shifts used to happen every 3-5 years, but now they seem to be happening every six months — whether it’s the sharing economy or the gig economy. The world and its markets are changing faster. You look at all the newer companies that are driving the highest value, and they’re all network effects. Airbnb doesn’t own a single room. Uber doesn’t own a single car.
Even ProductPlan — you’re shifting from a feature-based approach to more of a platform. You now are spending more time building the pipes, because those pipes — and being at the center of those pipes — are actually much more valuable. You’re bringing much larger ecosystems together than if you just built a point solution.
This was a criteria I used when deciding which startup to join. I wanted to build a platform. And that is what we are doing at Namely. We have our core products, but we are becoming more of an open platform to connect 3rd party apps. It becomes a platform that is personalized to fit each of our client’s business needs. We are early in that journey, but are making great progress.




Post Comments


3 Comments



 Brian A
 February 3, 2017 at 2:45 pm			
Reply 

Great stuff Brian! Awesome to see you grow, create, innovate, teach, and develop others.





 Anonymous
 February 6, 2017 at 11:35 pm			
Reply 

Wow. Brian nailed it.  Namely is lucky to have him as a leader.





 Anonymous
 February 7, 2017 at 4:35 pm			
Reply 

Brian, you are the man!!






Leave a Comment Cancel Comment 
Your email address will not be published.


 

 

 


Similar Articles










							Product Management                  		



							Product Strategy                  		

 


            	Can You Ever Stop Improving Your Product?            

You’d probably think that the standard cranberry wouldn’t have much room for new features or product enhancements. (In case you’re… Read →












							Product Management                  		



							Entrepreneurship                  		

 


            	Why Founders Shouldn’t Be Product Managers (At Least Not for Long)            

It must seem to the founder of a young company like the most natural move to make, an absolute no-brainer…. Read →












							Product Management                  		



							Roadmaps                  		

 


            	6 Product Roadmap Dos and Don’ts            

Building and publishing your first product roadmap can be a daunting experience. From getting stuck in the weeds to committing… Read →










Subscribe
Get more tips and strategies for planning, building, and communicating your product roadmap.

Company Email*



  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.
 









































Brian Tracy Products – Audio CDs DVDs and MP3 downloads – Free clips



















 





 

 Customer Service | Check Out | View Cart

 



Search 
 

 

  

HomeProductsBooksAudio CDsMP3 DownloadDVD VideosPackagesAuthorsALL AuthorsTony AlessandraDaniel G. Amen M.D.Jack CanfieldGrant CardoneDale CarnegieStephen R. CoveySean CoveyWayne DyerLisa FordPatricia FrippDr. Lloyd GlaubermanNapoleon HillTom HopkinsPamela JettOg MandinoNorman Vincent PealeAnthony RobbinsJim RohnSteve SchiffmanBrian TracyDenis WaitleyJoel WeldonZig ZiglarMore AuthorsCategoriesAll CategoriesAnxietyAttitudeBusinessCommunicationGoalsHealth / Weight LossInspirationLeadershipMind DevelopmentMotivationPublic SpeakingRelationshipsRelaxationSales TrainingSelf-EsteemSpeed ReadingSuccessTeam BuildingTeens / KidsTime ManagementWealth BuildingSpecialsDiscount SpecialsScratch ‘n Dent ItemsArticles & BlogsArticlesOne Minute MotivatorsOne Minute Sales ClinicMotivational QuotesWhat’s New? 

 

 





Brian Tracy

Brian Tracy is one of the world’s most widely known business speakers and a leading authority on the development of human potential and personal effectiveness.  He addresses more than 250,000 people around the world each year, on the subjects of strategy, management, hiring, and motivating people. More about Brian Tracy




Page 1 of 212»
 
10 Keys to Personal Power – DVD
by Brian Tracy 

Where can you find the motivation to reach deep down inside and harness the amazing power that already lies within you? Learn 10 keys to personal success and achievement from the master of success. As head of two companies, Brian Tracy has consulted with more than 500 corporations. The former COO of a $75 million dollar a year corporation, he speaks four languages and shares his winning insights with hundreds of thousands worldwide.
1 DVD video$89.95$76.28
 
15% off  


100 Unbreakable Laws of Business Success – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Why are some people more successful in business than others? Why do some businesses flourish where others fail? In this eye-opening practical audio guide, Brian Tracy presents a set of principles or “universal laws” that lie behind the success of business people everywhere. You’ll learn to attract and keep better people, produce and sell more and better products and services, control costs more intelligently, expand and grow more predictable, increase profits and much more.
MP3 Download (5 hours)$24.98$14.87
 
40% off  




21 Success Secrets of Self-Made Millionaires – audio
by Brian Tracy 

No one is better than you and no one is smarter than you. Successful people are simply those who practice these 21 Success Secrets. And so can you! Based on twenty-five years of research, teaching, and personal experience, Brian Tracy used these 21 success secrets himself to rise from humble beginnings and become a millionaire. All successful people practice these secrets, whether they’re consciously aware of it or not. Now, Brian shows you how to apply them in life and work through specific steps and practical exercises that you can use to achieve your financial dreams.
MP3 Download (1 hour)$14.98$8.94
 
40% off  


24 Techniques for Closing the Sale – DVD
by Brian Tracy 

Learn how to be an excellent closer! Research shows that most salespeople spend long hours getting to know their product or service, prospecting, cultivating the right customers, etc. But, few take the time to learn effective closing skills. Here are Brian Tracy’s 24 proven, powerful closing techniques that will help any salesperson close even the most demanding customer. 
1 DVD video$89.95$75.91




16% off  




Accelerated Learning Techniques – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Increase your intelligence up to 400%. Benefit from the most advanced and effective system of learning ever developed to help you release your vast potential and exercise your full capacity for learning, thinking, creating, and memorizing. Brian Tracy and Colin Rose take you through a series of techniques that train you to use your full range of intelligence. 
6 audio CDs + bonus CD$79.95$67.80
 
15% off  


Achievement in Action – DVD
by Brian Tracy 

Go ahead, dream big dreams. Then, let Brian Tracy show you how to make all your dreams come true. It’s not wishful thinking, it’s the psychology of achievement. In this fast-paced, inspirational seminar, Brian Tracy presents clearly and precisely an outline for going beyond your dreams to accomplish every goal. You’ll learn to develop your unique talents, practice the habits of achievers, work on the highest value tasks, overcome fear of failure, and become an unshakable optimist. 
1 DVD video (45 min)$99.95$89.95




10% off  




Action Strategies for Personal Achievement – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Want to build wealth, attain a fulfilling personal life, and achieve high career goals? Brian Tracy’s Action Strategies success pack can easily save you thousands of dollars and years of hard work in achieving your goals. Every principle of high achievement can be found in this comprehensive 12-volume library, including action-packed career advancement strategies, negotiating skills, personal motivation techniques, goal setting solutions, and more. 
24 audio CDs, Goal Planner, Workbook$499.95$177.99
 
65% off  


Advanced Selling in Action – DVD
by Brian Tracy 

Discover how top salespeople use self-image modification to address the changing needs of customers. Learn the 4 practical steps for building a solid relationship with every prospect and customer. Observe how today’s sales process is affected by credibility factors. Uncover today’s 10 proven sales principles that work, regardless of the product or service.
1 DVD video$89.95$76.28
 
   




Advanced Selling Strategies – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Gain the selling edge with Brian Tracy. Strategy, tactics, and mental preparedness separate superior sales professionals from the average. With technological advances leveling the competition, the selling edge is more important than ever. Drawing on his own sales success and experience, Brian Tracy will teach you to develop the self-image that gives you an edge, to concentrate on the customer’s emotional factors, and to identify your customer’s most pressing concerns — and solve them.
MP3 Download (1.5 hours)$20.00$11.93




40% off  


Advanced Selling Techniques – audio
by Brian Tracy 

You’re a sales professional. You want to stay at the top of your game. You need an advanced course in selling taught by a master. Following up on his best-selling program, The Psychology of Selling, Brian Tracy presents a powerhouse advanced selling program for seasoned sales professionals. Learn critical skills involved in selling to professional and seasoned buyers. Make prospecting easier and more effective. Become the preferred vendor of your product. As good as you are now, you can be even be better.
6 audio CDs$234.95$89.95
 
62% off  




Art of Closing the Sale – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Sales expert, Brian Tracy, teaches up-to-date closing skills used by top sales professionals in every business. These practical, proven, step-by-step skills can get you more orders, faster and easier than ever before. You’ll learn to build value by focusing on benefits and solutions, lower perceived risk, answer any objection, and bring a sales conversation to natural and easy conclusion by using some of the best questions ever discovered.
5 audio CDs$29.98$25.47
 
15% offMP3 (4.5 hour)$29.98$22.47
 
25% off 


Breaking the Success Barrier – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Master goal acceleration skills! In this groundbreaking program, Brian Tracy unlocks the secrets of history’s most ingenious military and business minds to help you shatter any success barrier standing in your way. Learn 12 principles of strategic thinking you can use anytime to solve your problems more easily, overcome obstacles and achieve your goals more rapidly. Put yourself on automatic pilot for success!
6 audio CDs$79.95$67.47




16% off  




Creative Manager – DVD
by Brian Tracy 

With the complexity of today’s business environments, it is important for you to be able to deal with various problems and challenges as they arise. A fresh perspective and a creative viewpoint will give you the ability to solve problems with innovative solutions. Includes a one-hour DVD video, ideal for meetings and training sessions, audio CDs based on the video, PDF workbooks with program notes, and a study guide. 
1 DVD, 2 CDs, PDF workbooks$105.00$89.04
 
   


Delegating and Supervising – DVD
by Brian Tracy 

If you can delegate and supervise employees effectively, you can be among the most productive managers in any organization. Stop spending any of your valuable time on anything that can be delegated to others. Let Brian Tracy show you how today! Includes a one-hour DVD video, ideal for meetings and training sessions, audio CDs based on the video, PDF workbooks with program notes, and a study guide. 
1 DVD, 2 CDs, PDF workbooks$105.00$89.04
 
   




Doubling Your Productivity – DVD
by Brian Tracy 

What’s the number one complaint of most professionals today? Not enough time! In this fast-paced session, Brian Tracy shares the most important principles, ideas, and philosophies for taking control of the one resource that matters the most – Your Time. Learn how to organize every area of your life, eliminate time wasters, new strategies for using your time in an extraordinary manner, and how to make yourself more valuable. Bring your productivity to a new level while propelling you in the direction of your most important goals & dreams!
1 DVD video (100 min) - Jan 2006     $89.95$74.95
 
17% off  


Eat That Frog – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Brian Tracy synthesizes the best and most practical techniques for setting and achieving personal and financial goals. He explains the seven key elements of goal setting and the twelve steps necessary to accomplish them, encouraging readers to use their strengths to define their values and to align their abilities with the particular opportunities presented to them. Eat that Frog! offers the reader a detailed process for transforming dreams into reality.
MP3 (2.5 hours)$19.95$14.93




25% off  




Effective Manager DVD Seminar Series
by Brian Tracy 

Now you can uncover the answers to virtually every question you’ve ever has about sales and business management. This comprehensive program packs thousands of profitable strategies into 14 one-hour sessions designed to cut costs, increase sales and dramatically improve profits.
14 DVDs, 28 CDs, workbooks, study guides$1,470$1,097
 
25% off  


Excellent Manager – DVD
by Brian Tracy 

Brian discusses the traits of high performing, credible, and respected managers. What are the key characteristics of top-rated managers and how can you develop these attributes? The program includes a one-hour DVD video, ideal for meetings and training sessions, audio CDs based on the video, PDF workbooks with program notes, and a study guide. 
1 DVD, 2 CDs, PDF workbooks$105.00$89.04
 
   




Executive Time Management – DVD
by Brian Tracy 

The ability to get tasks done quickly is considered the top trait executives and managers look for in promoting employees to upper levels of management. You owe it to yourself to arm yourself with Executive Time Management skills. By prioritizing, your tasks you will become a more effective and productive manager. Includes a one-hour DVD video, ideal for meetings and training sessions, audio CDs based on the video, and PDF workbooks.
1 DVD, 2 CDs, PDF workbooks$105.00$89.04
 
   


Flight Plan – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Unlock Your Full Potential For Success. You have the ability, right now, to accomplish more than ever before. In this powerful, practical program, Brian Tracy shows you how to plot your course to greater achievement. Life is a journey, and as with any other journey, you have to do more than just think happy thoughts about where you want to go. You need clear goals, plans, and schedules to get from wherever you are today to wherever you want to be in the future. You need a flight plan that you use to guide you on your way.
MP3 Download (3.5 hours)$19.98$13.97




30% off  




Get Paid More and Promoted Faster – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Put your career on the fast track with practical, proven, effective ways to help you take control of your career. Learn strategies used by the highest paid people in every business to maximize your own strengths, make yourself more valuable, and become virtually indispensable. Develop the discipline and determination you need to get more done, earn the respect of co-workers and bosses, move rapidly up the career ladder, and find more satisfaction and fulfillment in your job.
MP3 Download (1 hour)$14.98$8.93
 
40% off  


Getting Rich in America – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Want to join the elite ranks of the outstandingly prosperous and wealthy? This perennially popular program — based on an in-depth study of self-made millionaires — gives you all the strategies and tactics you need to multiply your income and enjoy a luxurious lifestyle. Learn the secret to smart investing, the 10 rules for investing to win, and the 5 ways to become a millionaire.
6 audio CDs$79.95$63.97




20% off  




Goals: How to Get Everything You Want – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Thousands have started with nothing and achieved great success. Now, renowned leader Brian Tracy presents the essential principles you need to know to make your dreams come true. Here is the simple, powerful, and effective system for setting and achieving goals: accomplish any goals you set for yourself—no matter how big.
MP3 Download (3.5 hours)$19.95$14.93




25% off  


Hire and Keep the Best People – audio
by Brian Tracy 

The biggest requirement for success in any business is the ability to attract and retain excellent employees, yet most managers have never received any formal training in the process of personnel selection. You’ll learn 21 of the most important, proven principles of employee recruitment and retention. It tells you everything you need to know to attract the most capable, committed employees and to make sure they continue to be active contributors to the company for years to come.
MP3 Download (1 hour)$19.95$9.97




50% off  




How the Best Leaders Lead – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Great business leaders make it all look easy because they keep it simple with measurable, repeatable methods that generate exceptional results in both good economies and bad. Expert trainer, Brian Tracy, draws from the leading edges of business, history, and powerful leadership and management thinkers. Leadership is born of clear vision and courage, self -knowledge and integrity, focus and confidence. Brian Tracy brings those powerful attributes and leadership greatness easily within your reach.
6 audio CDs$29.98$25.47




15% offMP3 (6 hours)$29.98$20.87




30% off 


How to Hire, How to Fire – DVD
by Brian Tracy 

Develop top-notch human resources skills today. It has been said that a chain is as strong as it’s weakest link. So is your organization! Learn all of the skills vital to selecting and hiring the best candidates while removing the weak links in your company. Includes a one-hour DVD video, ideal for meetings and training sessions, audio CDs based on the video, PDF workbooks with program notes, and a study guide. 
1 DVD, 2 CDs, PDF workbooks$105.00$89.04
 
   




How to Master Your Time – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Get higher returns on time investments! How to Master Your Time is one of Brian Tracy’s most popular programs. In it, he teaches you to gain an extra two hours a day, translating into a potential 25% increase in earnings. Starting with his 7-step personal goal-setting exercise, learn to develop your own planning system, establish clearer priorities, accomplish tasks quicker, and banish the time wasters.
6 audio CDs$79.95$67.80
 
   


How to Sell Well – DVD
by Brian Tracy 

All business revenues start with the sale. Therefore, sales skills are vital to your business survival! Without sales there will be no salaries, bonuses, benefits, commissions or anything else. Master salesman Brian Tracy presents 100 ideas for sales success. Includes a one-hour DVD video, ideal for meetings and training sessions, audio CDs based on the video, PDF workbooks with program notes, and a study guide.
1 DVD, 2 CDs, PDF workbooks$105.00$89.04
 
   




Kiss That Frog – audio
by Brian Tracy 

Imagine that the negatives in your life are like ugly frogs. What if, like the princess whose kiss turns the frog into a handsome prince, you can turn those ugly frogs into fulfilled dreams. The fact is, it’s the way we handle the negatives in our lives that determines our happiness and our level of achievement.  Brian Tracy joins up with his daughter, therapist Christina Stein,  to deliver 12 concrete ideas to turn negatives into positives in your life.  
4 Audio CDs$24.98$21.18
 
15% offMP3 Download (4 hours)$24.98$17.87
 
28% off 


Leadership: The Critical Difference – DVD
by Brian Tracy 

Strong leadership builds teamwork, trust, integrity, and commitment from employees and members of your family. Learn the various qualities of respected leaders in business.What are the key characteristics of top-rated managers – and how can you attain them? The program includes a one-hour DVD video, ideal for meetings and training sessions, 2 audio CDs based on the video, PDF workbooks with program notes, and a study guide. 
1 DVD, 2 CDs, PDF workbooks$105.00$89.04
 
   



Page 1 of 212»
 



 
 




Home
Testimonials
Affiliate
Free Newsletter
About Us
Contact
 


Follow MindPerk! 



Customer Service Calculate Shipping
Download Instructions
Privacy & Security
View Shopping Cart
Return Policy
Terms of Use

 



Contact 801-943-3590
Contact@MindPerk.com

 




 MindPerk  © 2001-2017 - All Rights Reserved




















BluePhoenix Solutions Adds Brian Crynes, another Respected Industry Leader to the Board of Directors - AOL Finance
























































































BluePhoenix Solutions Adds Brian Crynes, another Respected Industry Leader to the Board of Directors







Share














BusinessWirevia The Motley Fool, AOL.com
Sep 19th 2012 1:05PM




BluePhoenix Solutions Adds Brian Crynes, another Respected Industry Leader to the Board of DirectorsFormer CIO of Starbucks, Coca-Cola Amatil and Russell Investments, Brian Crynes, joins the BluePhoenix board adding additional industry knowledge and expertiseHERZLIA, Israel--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- BluePhoenix (www.bphx.com)  (NAS: BPHX) , the leading provider of tools and services for modernizing legacy systems and applications, announced the election of Brian Crynes as a new member of the Board of Directors. "It's not often a company gets to hear direct feedback from target customers and Brian is exactly the type of person we sell to. His perspective and feedback will ensure we continue to build solutions our customers want and need," said Matt Bell, President & CEO.Brian Crynes has led global IT teams at Russell Investments, Starbucks, Coca-Cola Amatil, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Apple. Brian served as Global CIO for Starbucks from 2001-2008 as the business grew from $2.5 to $10 Billion and 5,000 to 15,000 stores. As CIO for Coca-Cola Amatil, he delivered business solutions across twenty countries in Asia Pacific. At Bristol-Myers Squibb, Brian led IT for the $16 Billion Worldwide Medicines Division. At Apple, Brian led the Asia Pacific and Europe IT Teams and transformed local IT resources into Competency Centers for strategy, solution delivery and infrastructure services. Brian graduated from the University of Scranton with a BS in Mathematics and an MBA in Finance. He also attended INSEAD in Paris, France."Having led organizations with large mission critical applications running on the mainframe, I know firsthand the challenges they present in high costs, lack of integration and available skilled expertise to maintain them," said Brian Crynes. He went on to say, "BluePhoenix is taking the right approach by automating and leveraging technology to lower the complexity and risk of migrating core functionality to new platforms.""We are very excited to have a person of Brian's background and technology pedigree, join the board. The addition of Brian serves as validation to all the hard work we have been doing over the last year transforming the company," said Mel Keating, Chairman of the Board of Directors. Keating also commented, "BluePhoenix is now in the best financial shape since its IPO and we are excited to shift all our focus to innovating best in class tools and technology for the Legacy Modernization market."About BluePhoenix SolutionsBluePhoenix Solutions, Ltd.  (NAS: BPHX)  is the leading provider of legacy IT modernization conversion solutions. The BluePhoenix portfolio includes a comprehensive suite of tools and services from global IT asset assessment and impact analysis to automated database and application migration. Leveraging over 20 years of best-practice domain expertise, BluePhoenix works closely with its customers to ascertain which assets should be migrated, redeveloped, or wrapped for reuse as services or business processes, to protect and increase the value of their business applications and legacy systems with minimized risk and downtime.BluePhoenix provides modernization solutions to companies from diverse industries and vertical markets such as automotive, banking and financial services, insurance, manufacturing, and retail. BluePhoenix has 9 offices in the USA, UK, Italy, Romania, Russia, and Israel.Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsCertain statements contained in this release may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other Federal Securities laws. You can identify these and other forward-looking statements by the use of words such as "may," "will," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "predicts", "intends," the negative of such terms, or other comparable terminology. Because such statements deal with future events, plans, projections, or future performance of the Company, they are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company's current expectations. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to: the effects of the global economic and financial trends; market demand for the Company's products; successful implementation of the Company's products; changes in the competitive landscape, including new competitors or the impact of competitive pricing and products; and such other risks and uncertainties as identified in BluePhoenix's most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F and other reports filed by it with the SEC. Except as otherwise required by law, BluePhoenix undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.This press release is also available at www.bphx.com. All names and trademarks are their owners' property.BluePhoenix SolutionsMatt Bell, +972-9-9526110GMarkowitz@bphx.comwww.bphx.comKEYWORDS:   United States  North America  New York  Middle East  IsraelINDUSTRY KEYWORDS:
			The article BluePhoenix Solutions Adds Brian Crynes, another Respected Industry Leader to the Board of Directors originally appeared on Fool.com.
		Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.Copyright © 1995 - 2012 The Motley Fool, LLC.  All rights reserved. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.



Tags



                                df-main
                            




Read Full Story




Can't get enough business news?

Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from retailer news to the latest IPOs delivered directly to your inbox daily!











 Subscribe to our other newsletters
Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time.








From Our Partners





The 19 Creepiest Urban Legends On The Internet Are Scaring The Crap Out Of Everyone





Woman Finds An Animal Stuck In The Grill Of Her Car Before Realizing It's Still Alive





15 Snapchats That Are So Stupid You Can't Help But Laugh





  The Latest from our Partners         Online Savings Accounts Earn You $1000s, Here’s Why     Mortgage Rates Remain at 7-Month Low – Lock in Now     7 CD Rates that Will Skyrocket Your Finances            The fastest way to pay off your mortgage!     Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits     Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan            Pay no interest until August 2018 with this card     Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card     An incredible $200 intro bonus just for using this card            Donald Trump and 14 Other Most Hated U.S. Politicians of All Time     15 Things You Should Never Buy at Whole Foods     12 Vehicles Rich People Want the Most That You Probably Drive Too            Owe less than $300k on your home? Don't miss this unique opportunity     How to get a HARP loan before it expires in September     How to pay off your house ASAP (Easy Tip)            Mysterious Korean Girl Seen On Webcam Has Been Trapped Inside Her House For 14 Years     The 19 Creepiest Urban Legends On The Internet Are Scaring The Crap Out Of Everyone     Man Goes To Pee In The Woods And Accidentally Uncovers A 50,000-Year-Old...       








Recommended For YouReport: Steve Bannon pushing for marginal tax rate increase on the extremely wealthyThese hotels will provide the most stunning views of the Great American EclipseOne of the most controversial parts of the Republican tax plan is deadA Japanese doctor who studied longevity — and lived to 105 — said if you must reti...Rent the Runway launches same-day delivery in New York CityJeff Bezos is the world's richest personNavy helps rescue 2 wild elephants washed out to seaBuffalo Wild Wings is killing one of customers' favorite dealsMarketsUSGlobalsCurrenciesDJIA21,796.5585.540.39%NASDAQ6,382.19-40.56-0.63%S&P 5002,475.42-2.41-0.10%NIKKEI 22519,959.84-119.80-0.60%HANG SENG26,979.39-151.78-0.56%DAX12,117.53-94.51-0.77%USD (per EUR)1.170.000.18%USD (per CHF)0.970.010.59%JPY (per USD)111.210.120.10%GBP (per USD)1.310.000.01%All index data provided on a 15 minute delay.More to ExploreFrom Our PartnersHow Do We Encourage More Women in STEM?Quick & Dirty TipsWhat to Do When Pests StrikeQuick & Dirty Tips9 Reasons You Can't FocusQuick & Dirty Tips7 Signs It's Time to Let Go of a FriendSUCCESS MagazinePhrases from Obsolete TechnologyQuick & Dirty TipsEffortless Ways to Organize Your DrawersQuick & Dirty TipsShould You Drink Tap or Bottled Water?Quick & Dirty TipsHow Quickly Can You Expect to See Muscle Gains?Quick & Dirty TipsBy PubExchange 













Fri, 
Jul 28




°F


Set Your Location
City, State, or Zip


Change weather location





















Mail




Search 



Sign In / Join




My Account


Log Out





News 




Entertainment 




Finance 




Lifestyle 




Games 




Video 




Shop 



































