

	CUBEWORKS Trademark of Cubeworks, Incorporated. Serial Number: 75287592 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Furniture Products
CUBEWORKS










 
Get FREE email alerts













CUBEWORKS  Trademark Information
 Cubeworks, Incorporated
Christmas themed picture frames




Perfect for these industries

Furniture Products





Words that describe this mark
christmas   themed   picture   frames    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CUBEWORKS trademark by Cubeworks, Incorporated 
                                in Pittsburgh, , 151162039.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CUBEWORKS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Cubeworks, Incorporated of the CUBEWORKS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CUBEWORKS trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, May 6, 1997,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CUBEWORKS by 
                        Cubeworks, Incorporated, Pittsburgh 151162039.
                        The USPTO has given the CUBEWORKS 
                        trademark serial  number of  75287592.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for CUBEWORKS is 
                        
                        
                                            THOMAS J EDGINGTON of 
                                            KIRKPATRICK & LOCKHART LLP,  1500 OLIVER BLDG, PITTSBURGH PA  15222-2312 
                                .
                            The CUBEWORKS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Furniture Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CUBEWORKS 
                            is Christmas themed picture frames. 
                            





Word mark:
 CUBEWORKS


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

9/17/2005



  Serial Number:  
75287592


  Filing Date:  
5/6/1997


 Registration Number:  
2210325 


 Registration Date:  
12/15/1998


 Goods and Services: 
Christmas themed picture frames


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
9/22/1998


Last Applicant/Owner:

Cubeworks, IncorporatedPittsburgh 151162039
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words(75% Reduction of drawing size)


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Soldiers, cavalrymen, men in military uniform, including men dressed in band uniforms with a military appearance  (Human Beings  -  Men) see more design...


                                                    Grotesque men formed by letters, numbers, punctuation or geometric shapes  (Human Beings  -  Men) see more design...


                                                      Diamonds that are completely or partially shaded  (Geometric figures and solids   -  Diamonds) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


THOMAS J EDGINGTON
KIRKPATRICK & LOCKHART LLP
1500 OLIVER BLDG
PITTSBURGH PA  15222-2312






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (020) - Furniture, mirrors, picture frames; goods (not included in other classes) of wood, cork, reed, cane, wicker, horn, bone, ivory, whalebone, shell, amber, mother-of-pearl, meerschaum and substitutes for all these materials, or of plastics. 


First Use Anywhere: 
2/10/1997


First Use In Commerce: 
2/10/1997





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CUBEWORKS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/17/2005
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



THOMAS J EDGINGTON


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CUBEWORKS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search cubeworks on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CUBEWORKS 




CUBEWORKS is providing Christmas themed picture frames.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























CubeWorks






World's Smallest Computers.





Imaging Cube



Temperature Cube



Pressure Cube






Millimeter-Scale Computing. Real-life smart dust.

        The CubisensTM  platform by CubeWorks enables the first truly autonomous
        wireless sensing platform measuring less than a millimeter. Cubisens
        systems are able to sense and process their environment, wirelessly transmit
        the results or store them for later usage.  The versaltility of the
        Cubisens platform allows multiple units to be combined together to tackle
        larger monitoring and sensing applications.
        









Redefining Ultra-Low Power. Enabling perpetual computing.

      CubeWorks' sensing systems average a record-setting 8 nW
      power draw in standby mode. Under indoor ambient light, our patented
      energy harvester generates 10 nW from 1 mm2 solar cell, facilitating
      perpetual lifetime of sensor operation.
      









From the Internet of Things... to the Internet of Everything.

      The small form factor, wireless capability, and long lifetime of Cubisens
      makes it an ideal platform for realizing ubiquitous computing. The
      first-generation systems are equipped with imaging, motion detection,
      temperature sensing, and pressure sensing. CubeWorks aims to expand the
      breadth of applications and position its Cubisens technology as pivotal
      for realizing the impending Internet of Everything.
      









About CubeWorks


Contact CubeWorks



















CubeWorks, Inc. | SDN & NFV Products, Open Source Projects & News 

























































 


 


 


















Open Menu





 






Directory > CubeWorks, Inc.CubeWorks, Inc. 

CubeWorks, Inc.Corporate Headquarters10999 Reed Hartman HighwaySuite # 134Cincinnati, OH 45242United States513-443-69711 - 100 employees OverviewAbout CubeWorks, Inc.
Cubeworks Inc is your full-service technology partner, with over 200 employees placed internationally. We are Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio with our presence in the UK and India.
Hybrid Development Models 
At Cubeworks, you enjoy the benefits of offshoring, quick turnarounds and lower costs without stress and communication challenges. In our hybrid development models, over the past decade, your Cubeworks contacts are based in your geography and provide consulting, design, planning and delivery services.
Our development and quality control services are managed offshore by your point of contact.
Our strong QA processes result in on-time delivery, within budget, and with near-zero defects. This hybrid model means Cubeworks can respond quickly to your changing needs without worrying about time zones. We are always available for you.
A Trusted Technology Partner
We are a project company and not a product company. So we work to fully integrate your new projects into your workflow. And we help you recognize and manage any changes needed to use the new solutions fully. Our goal is to be a trusted extension of your organization, not an outside vendor.
Dedicated Infrastructure
Our communication network offers 24*7 high bandwidth secured communication which links between our development teams and our clients. Which means dedicated high-speed support to help projects meet tight deadlines and to support mission on critical applications.
Our relationships with our strategic partners such as Shipcom Wireless Inc. brings you access to additional technical skills and expertise in related fields. We believe our partners are the best at what they do, and our track record of successful projects lets us work together .
Following are our areas of expertise:

    Net Application Development
    Application Migrations Solutions
    Database Migration
    Document Management Systems
    Web Portal Solutions
    Content Management Systems
    SharePoint Server Portal 2013 / 2010 / MOSS 2007

SharePoint Development Services
Our offshore delivery center is a Microsoft Certified Gold Partner which offers complete Microsoft SharePoint solution and custom SharePoint development for all types of companies. Our SharePoint solutions are delivered as part of a defined end to end project process and are based on years of experience.
 Microsoft .Net Development
ASP.NET MVC is a new generation technology platform provided by Microsoft. It is an application framework that gears model-view-controller (MVC) pattern which helps to .Net developers to build dynamic websites. 
 Microsoft Business Intelligence
Cubeworks has been delivering BI Solutions from many years. It offers directed Business Intelligence solutions that can efficiently manage your Business. Microsoft BI Solutions provide consistent data, analytics and data warehouse solutions. 
Independent Software Vendor (ISV)Other Independent Software Vendor (ISV) CompaniesGridMaven Inc.ForskNetroundsGuardiCore Ltd.Canoga PerkinsUse of the SDxCentral service directory is governed by our Terms of Service, including without limitation those sections under the headings "CONTENT", "LICENSING AND OTHER TERMS APPLYING TO CONTENT POSTED ON THE SDXCENTRAL SITES", "INDEMNITY; DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY" AND "COPYRIGHTS". Under no circumstances will SDxCentral be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, liability for any errors or omissions in any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via the Sites. 



Win a $300 Amazon Gift Card
Take the 2017 Edge Computing and MEC Report Survey to enter for a chance to win one of two $300 Amazon Gift Cards. It will take you only a few minutes to complete our short survey


New Report: 2017 Container and Cloud Orchestration
2017 Container and Cloud Orchestration Report is available for free download. This Free Report focuses on containers, cloud management, DevOps, orchestration, and automation solutions including key requirements to look for, and a sampling of vendor solutions available today.


Join SDxCentral™ to receive exclusive access.Sign Up Now!
Free Report: 2017 NFV Report Series Pt 3: Powering NFV – Virtual Network Functions (VNFs)
2017 NFV Report Series Part III: Powering NFV – Virtual Network Functions (VNFs)  is available for free download. This FREE Report focuses on how the NFV infrastructure will enable virtual network functions to be deployed, orchestrated, and managed in the cloud.


 



Our Latest News In Your Mailbox!
To join our weekly or daily mailing list, and ensure that you are first to know about the latest in SDN and NFV sign up for the SDxCentral site and join our community!


 
 


About SDxCentral
About Us
Editorial Team
Editorial Calendar
Advertise on SDxCentral
Careers at SDxCentral
Support
Contact Us

Engage With us



 
 

























SDxCentral Directory: SDx, Security, Cloud & Virtualization 

































































 


 


 


















Open Menu





 






SDxCentral Directory
SDxCentral Directory: SDx, Security, Cloud & Virtualization
Seeking for information about cloud, containers, SDN, NFV, DevOps, Network Virtualization, Security, IoT, or Hyper-Converged Infrastructure? The SDxCentral Directory is the most trusted, comprehensive, and vendor neutral online resource for software-defined companies, non-profit organizations, products, services, and open source projects by next generation IT professionals.
Our team of industry analysts are constantly updating and adding to the directory. If you want to list your company, products or open-source projects, or need access to your company’s listings, please follow the directions here.
SDN & NFV Directory 

Companies
Non-Profit Organizations
Products
Open Source Projects
Services
SDN Technologies
SDN APIs And SDKs

Security Directory 

Companies
Non-Profit Organizations
Products
Open Source Projects
Services

 



Win a $300 Amazon Gift Card
Take the 2017 Edge Computing and MEC Report Survey to enter for a chance to win one of two $300 Amazon Gift Cards. It will take you only a few minutes to complete our short survey


New Report: 2017 Container and Cloud Orchestration
2017 Container and Cloud Orchestration Report is available for free download. This Free Report focuses on containers, cloud management, DevOps, orchestration, and automation solutions including key requirements to look for, and a sampling of vendor solutions available today.


Join SDxCentral™ to receive exclusive access.Sign Up Now!
Free Report: 2017 NFV Report Series Pt 3: Powering NFV – Virtual Network Functions (VNFs)
2017 NFV Report Series Part III: Powering NFV – Virtual Network Functions (VNFs)  is available for free download. This FREE Report focuses on how the NFV infrastructure will enable virtual network functions to be deployed, orchestrated, and managed in the cloud.


 



Our Latest News In Your Mailbox!
To join our weekly or daily mailing list, and ensure that you are first to know about the latest in SDN and NFV sign up for the SDxCentral site and join our community!


 
 


About SDxCentral
About Us
Editorial Team
Editorial Calendar
Advertise on SDxCentral
Careers at SDxCentral
Support
Contact Us

Engage With us



 
 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











CubeWorks Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























cubeworks inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Hardware
Sub-Industry: Computer Hardware & Storage
CubeWorks, Inc. manufactures computers. The Company offers computing systems equipped with imaging, motion detection, temperature sensing, and pressure sensing. CubeWorks serves customers in the State of Michigan.




Corporate Information
Address:

1600 Huron Parkway
OFC 520-2364
Ann Arbor, MI 48109
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.cubeworks.us























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































Tech Transfer - CubeWorks, Inc.






































facebook
youtube
linkedin
twitter




























Research Areas +



CSE Research Areas
Artificial Intelligence
Chip Design, Architecture, and Emerging Devices
Databases and Data Mining
Embedded and Mobile Systems
Human-Computer Interaction
Languages, Compilers, and Runtime Systems
Networking, Operating Systems, and Distributed Systems
Robotics
Secure, Trustworthy, and Reliable Systems
Theory of Computation
Warehouse-Scale and Parallel Systems


ECE Research Areas
Applied Electromagnetics and RF Circuits
Communications
Computer Vision
Control Systems
Embedded Systems
Energy Science and Engineering
Engineering Education Research
Integrated Circuits and VLSI
MEMS and Microsystems
Optics and Photonics
Plasma Science and Engineering
Power and Energy
Quantum Science and Technology
Robotics and Autonomous Systems
Signal & Image Processing and Machine Learning
Solid-State Devices and Nanotechnology



Quick Links +


Why EECS at Michigan?
Graduate Programs
Undergraduate Programs
Course Info
Student Organizations


Faculty Directory
Faculty Positions
Alumni Spotlights
Publications
Contact EECS













Industry > Technology Transfer > Crossbar




Crossbar, Inc.



Founded:
2010


Founder:
Prof. Wei Lu


Product/Service:
Very high capacity and high-performance non-volatile resistive RAM (RRAM) technology


Location:
Santa Clara, CA


Website:
crossbar-inc.com


With 20X higher performance and 20X lower power than NAND, and 10x the endurance at half the die size, Crossbar has shattered traditional technology barriers for NOR (code), NAND (data) and embedded memory applications and will enable a new wave of electronics innovation for consumer, enterprise, mobile, industrial and connected device applications.       [Crossbar Website, Corporate Profile]







In the News





EE Times
        Peter Clarke
        August 5, 2013
ReRAM Startup Bets on Silver
"LONDON — A resistive RAM non-volatile memory technology that could be embedded in SoCs and used in multilayered terabyte memory ICs is being brought to market by a well-backed and well-connected startup called Crossbar Inc.
The company, based in Santa Clara, California, has a working array that it claims validates its silver-ion based technology as a replacement for traditional non-volatile memory. This working chip is a CMOS access controller monolithically integrated with a memory array."  [more...]
© EE Times





PC World
      Agam Shah, IDG News Service
      
      August 5, 2013
Crossbar takes on DRAM and flash storage with super fast, super long-lasting RRAM tech

Startup Crossbar emerged from stealth mode Monday to announce its version of RRAM (resistive random-access memory), a new type of memory that could be a successor to flash storage and DRAM.
The company, founded in 2010, will make and license its RRAM, a nonvolatile memory, which will be smaller, faster and more power-efficient than NAND flash and RAM, said George Minassian, CEO of Crossbar.
"It is higher density ... and the current is much lower," Minassian said, adding that the memory's physical and power attributes make it a suitable replacement for storage in smartphones, tablets, PCs and servers.
Crossbar is claiming RRAM will deliver 20 times faster write performance, 20 times less power consumption and 10 times more durability than NAND flash. The memory chips will be stacked, and a 1TB module will be roughly half the size of a NAND flash module with similar storage, Minassian said.
He could not estimate the price of a 1TB RRAM module, but said it will cheaper than NAND flash partly because RRAM is less expensive to manufacture.

      CROSSBAR
Crossbar will also license the technology to third parties. It could be two or three years before the memory shows up in products, but that depends on demand for the product, Minassian said.
"It's a matter of what company appears at what time," Minassian said.
RRAM differs from the way NAND flash and RAM operate. Unlike NAND flash, Crossbar's technology does not use transistors or trap a charge. Instead it uses a layered approach to store data. An RRAM cell has three layers, with a switch in the middle that helps determines whether the cell is storing a 1 or a 0. The top layer has a metallic electrode, while the lower layer has a nonmetallic electrode. The top layer passes metal ions into the switching media and into the lower layer, which creates a filament to keep the electrodes connected, what Minassian called a "short wire." Applying a negative charge breaks the wire and leaves a gap between the electrodes, which leaves no resistance, changing the status of the memory cell.
"This is not a gate you use in standard NAND and NOR. This is resistive, which is where RRAM comes from," Minassian said.
RRAM uses existing material and can be made in factories. Prototypes are being made in factories of TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.), Minassian said.
Crossbar's RRAM doesn't contain transistors, so it is easy to make as chips become smaller, Minassian said.
CROSSBAR
Crossbar's technology is very interesting and could be useful as manufacturing technologies improve and chips get smaller, said Jim Handy, principal analyst at Objective Analysis, in an email.
"It's generally accepted that something is going to replace NAND and DRAM someday, since these technologies have scaling issues. When that will occur is unclear," Handy said.
It is becoming more complex to make NAND and DRAM as manufacturing technology improves at a rapid rate, Handy said. Intel, which has the world's most advanced chip factories, will soon move to the 14-nanometer process to make its chips. Manufacturing smaller chips with more features requires more attention to detail, and chips could be vulnerable to a wider class of defects.
"With that in mind, and with the advent of 3D NAND as a successor to today's planar NAND, there may be another five process generations, or even more, before alternative memory technologies have a shot at replacing NAND flash. The story's probably the same for DRAM," Handy said.
Once a scaling limit has indeed been reached, technologies like Crossbar's RRAM will rapidly take away market share from the entrenched players, Handy said.
Other RRAM designs are being researched by academics and research institutions. Alternative forms of memory to NAND and DRAM also include Everspin's MRAM (magnetoresistive RAM) and PCM (phase-change memory), a memory type being pursued by Micron and Samsung Semiconductor. Hewlett-Packard is making a memory type called memristor.      
© PC World





The Wall Street Journal
      Don Clark
        August 5, 2013
Crossbar Enters Race to Change Memory Chips
Several kinds of chips are used to store data, all of them good at some parts of that job but not others. A company called Crossbar has been quietly planning to disrupt a big chunk of that memory market.
The Silicon Valley startup on Monday becomes the latest to unveil plans for an alternative to flash memory, the mainstay storage technology for products like smartphones, tablets and digital cameras.
NAND flash, the most widely used variety, is less expensive than some competing technologies per bit of data stored. But NAND chips are slower at writing data than retrieving it. Moreover, chip makers fear that continuing to shrink NAND circuitry to boost storage capacity will soon become difficult or impossible.
Crossbar says it has developed a variant of a technology called RRAM that is 20 times faster than NAND, consumes one-twentieth the power, stores data 10 times longer on chips that could be half the size.
A single chip based on its technology could store a trillion bites of data, or a terabyte, Crossbar says. By comparison, the highest-capacity NAND chips now on the market store 128 gigabits of data, or 16 gigabytes; storing a terabyte would require 64 of those chips, notes Jim Handy, a market researcher with Objective Analysis.
There are benefits beyond simply increasing how much data mobile devices and other gadgets might store, says George Minassian, Crossbar’s chief executive officer.
For one thing, the slow data-writing speed of NAND flash means that many devices also have to have another kind of faster chips–DRAMs, or dynamic random-access memories. They are used for purposes such as temporarily storing images from digital cameras to minimize big delays when shooting photos, Minassian says.
Those DRAMS won’t be necessary if Crossbar’s technology takes hold, he says, further reducing the cost and size of consumer products. “You can take photos as fast as you want,” he says.
Some of this may sound familiar. The list of companies pursuing new memory alternatives is long. Some of the new devices have reached the market, but others remain largely an unfulfilled promise after years of investment.
Crossbar’s technology is based largely on inventions credited to Wei Lu, an associate professor of electrical engineering at the University of Michigan. The venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers put up money to fund research on the concept, and later backed Crossbar–the exclusive licensee of the underlying patents.
Where conventional memory chips use electrons to store data, Crossbar’s technology is based on tiny filaments that are formed by applying electricity from electrodes to a layer of amorphous silicon, a non-crystalline cousin to the silicon used in conventional chips. These act like on or off switches to record the presence or absence of a bit of data.
Crossbar claims that its variant of RRAM, or resistive random-access memory, is simpler than others and can largely be fabricated on production lines now used to churn out conventional chips. It can also be used to create multiple three-dimensional layers of memory more easily than the widely used approach of creating separate chips and subsequently stacking them, Minassian says.
The company is announcing its plans after developing working prototypes based on the technology. While Crossbar may make and sell some chips of its own, it plans mainly to license its technology to others–first to store data in specialized products known as SoCs, for systems on a chip, and eventually to makers of standalone memory chips, Minassian says.
Handy says Crossbar’s approach has some advantages. But he argues that its inventions and other alternatives don’t really deserve much consideration until they prove that they can beat incumbents on cost once mass production begins.
“The guys who do NAND flash and DRAM have been pulling any number of rabbits out of their hats for years,” Handy says. “I’m expecting them to continue to do that.”
Another analyst briefed on the technology, Greg Wong of Forward Insights, echoed the challenges but said Crossbar definitely made an impression. “It definitely looked interesting,” he said.
The company has raised $25 million and reached the prototype stage with just 20 employees. Minassian estimates that commercial products based on the technology are about two years away.
They can’t come too soon for Lu, who says the fundamental idea for the technology came from an accidental discovery in 2004 during a stint at Harvard University before he joined the Michigan faculty. Applying extra voltage to a tiny wire that contained amorphous silicon had some surprising effects, he recalls.
“This is like a child of mine,” says Lu of Crossbar. “We are so close.”
© Wall Street Journal





PC Magazine
        Damon Poeter
        August 5, 2013
Startup's 'RRAM' Tech Promises 1TB Memory for Mobile Devices
"A California startup called Crossbar is working on an alternative to current NAND Flash memory chips like those used in mobile devices and other consumer electronics products which could serve up a terabyte of storage and playback capacity on 'an IC smaller than a postage stamp.'".  [more...]
© PCMag.com





ZDNet
        Robin Harris
        August 5, 2013
Flash successor announced
"Summary: Flash, despite its vast success, is hardly an ideal storage medium - for one thing it gets slower and more fragile as it shrinks - so many expect resistance RAM - ReRAM - to win long term. Crossbar announces the first ReRAM that could replace flash."  [more...]
© ZDNet





Crossbar, Inc.
      August 5, 2013
Crossbar Emerges from Stealth-Mode; Unveils Crossbar RRAM Non-Volatile Memory Technology
 "Emerging from stealth-mode today, Crossbar, Inc., a start-up company pioneering a new category of very high capacity and high-performance non-volatile memory, unveiled its Crossbar Resistive RAM (RRAM) technology. This new generation of non-volatile memory will be capable of storing up to one terabyte (TB) of data on a single 200mm2 chip, enabling massive amounts of information, such as 250 hours of HD movies, to be stored and played back from an IC smaller than a postage stamp. Crossbar today also announced it has developed a working Crossbar memory array at a commercial fab, a major milestone in the development of new memory technology, signaling its readiness to begin the first phase of productization." [more...]
© Crossbar





U-M News Service
      Nicole Casal Moore
      March 26, 2012
Next-generation computer memory firm receives U-M's first startup investment
"A U-M startup marketing next-generation computer memory that could write 1,000 times faster than Flash is the recipient of U-M’s first investment in one of its own spinout companies.
This financial investment into Crossbar Inc. kicks off a unique new initiative designed to help propel technologies into the marketplace and deliver strong returns on the university’s endowment.
The Michigan Investment in New Technology Startups (MINTS) program, announced in October 2011, could inject up to $25 million during the next decade into select venture-funded U-M startups — new companies built around inventions born in faculty members’ labs." [more...]

© University of Michigan
















facebook
youtube
linkedin
twitter



©  The Regents of the University of Michigan
























About Us - cubework Inc.
























































 






  +1-513-443-6971     inquiry@cubeworksinc.com  


Home
Company

About Us
Our Team
Methodology
Quality
Careers


Technology

Business Intelligence
Microsoft .Net
Microsoft SharePoint


Workflows & Mobility
Business Analytics
BPO / KPO

Medical Record Summary
TPA Support
Call Auditing & Analysis


 









Menu















About Us Home / Company / About Us 






Cubeworks Inc is your full-service technology partner, with over 200 employees placed internationally. We are Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio with our presence in the UK and India.
Hybrid Development Models 
At Cubeworks, you enjoy the benefits of offshoring, quick turnarounds and lower costs without stress and communication challenges. In our hybrid development models, over the past decade, your Cubeworks contacts are based in your geography and provide consulting, design, planning and delivery services.
Our development and quality control services are managed offshore by your point of contact.
Our strong QA processes result in on-time delivery, within budget, and with near-zero defects. This hybrid model means Cubeworks can respond quickly to your changing needs without worrying about time zones. We are always available for you.
A Trusted Technology Partner
We are a project company and not a product company. So we work to fully integrate your new projects into your workflow. And we help you recognize and manage any changes needed to use the new solutions fully. Our goal is to be a trusted extension of your organization, not an outside vendor.
Dedicated Infrastructure
Our communication network offers 24*7 high bandwidth secured communication which links between our development teams and our clients. Which means dedicated high-speed support to help projects meet tight deadlines and to support mission on critical applications.
Our relationships with our strategic partners such as Shipcom Wireless Inc. brings you access to additional technical skills and expertise in related fields. We believe our partners are the best at what they do, and our track record of successful projects lets us work together .
Following are our areas of expertise:

Net Application Development
Application Migrations Solutions
Database Migration
Document Management Systems
Web Portal Solutions
Content Management Systems
SharePoint Server Portal 2013 / 2010 / MOSS 2007

 
We partner closely with the following companies, among others:  
                                       
 










 


Enquiry Form



Checking...Ouch! There was a server error.Retry »Sending message... Enquiry Form Fill in the form below and we will be in touch soon     Message Spambot blocker question1 + 8 = 

   


















Our Team - cubework Inc.

























































 






  +1-513-443-6971     inquiry@cubeworksinc.com  


Home
Company

About Us
Our Team
Methodology
Quality
Careers


Technology

Business Intelligence
Microsoft .Net
Microsoft SharePoint


Workflows & Mobility
Business Analytics
BPO / KPO

Medical Record Summary
TPA Support
Call Auditing & Analysis


 









Menu















Our Team Home / Company / Our Team 






Management
Cubeworks experienced leadership brings over 100 years of combined management experience and leadership of new ventures or initiatives within mid-size companies to our clients.Our success in developing, growing and improving businesses makes us ideal partners. We work collaboratively with you in an integrative, inclusive style that is both effective and cost efficient.
Hiten Patel, CEO
27 years in Technology Services and Consulting
Hiten is responsible for consulting on processes and architecting software products. Working in the software and integrated projects management arena since 1982, he has provided strategic consulting on IT to hospitals including Nanavati Hospital and Cincinnati Children’s Hospital, government entities such as the National Innovation center in the UK, and other businesses all over the world. Over the last eight years, Hiten has been involved in over 30 successful consulting and software development projects. One of his recent projects involved analyzing the British government’s national spending on healthcare.
 
Tanjore Nandakumar,VP of operations
28 years in Technology Delivery and Marketing,  
Tanjore’s work in the software industry includes stints with Honeywell Bull in the US and France, and NEC in Japan. Tanjore has built solutions for Johns Hopkins, UNC Hospitals, SUNY Hospitals, Carolinas Medical Center and others, including a Transplant Patients Management system that was deployed in eight hospitals in the US. Consulting with major hospitals in the US, Tanjore reviews processes for efficiency improvement using new technologies like RFID. He also consults with large businesses to define IT strategies and to develop technology roadmaps. Currently, Tanjore is managing a multi-year migration project for a specialized ERP vendor.

Advisory Board
One of the unique aspects of Cubeworks is its dedicated Advisory Board. The Board, an integral part of Cubeworks steadfast customer focus, is comprised of representatives who are senior members of their respective company organizations.
The Advisory Board is another critical link to our user community. They communicate with and listen to their user groups, providing an important communications channel for our customers. They help us to stay focused on what’s really important: improving the business performance of our customers
 
Nitin Mehta, Board Member
Nitin Mehta is a Board Member of Greenoaks Capital Management LLC (GCM), a global principal investment firm.
Nitin Mehta brings a unique blend of talent and over 35 years of experience in building companies as an entrepreneur and an investor. Previously, Nitin was a General Partner at Weiss, Peck & Greer Venture Partners (now LightSpeed Venture Partners, $2B venture capital firm). He also spent several years with McKinsey & Company. Nitin’s management experience includes senior executive roles and ownership interests in Royal Viking Line, Handi-Kup, Pyramid Health Group, Inc., QuadraMed and Viking River Cruises.
Nitin is a co-founder and board member of several companies and additionally has served on the boards of non-profit entities including the San Francisco Zoo, the Fort Mason Center Foundation, and The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE). He holds a Doctorate in Business Policy from the Harvard Business School.
http://etl.stanford.edu/handouts/0304_aut_speakerbio/NitinMehta.htm http://www.fundamentalcapital.com/team/nitin.htm
 
Arvind M. Korde, Advisory Board Member
Arvind M. Korde has served as the CEO of Compex Legal Services since 2007 driving a significant turnaround.
Prior to that, he split his time from 2001 between working as a Senior Advisor to McKinsey  &  Company and serving his own clients in strategy and operations leading to significant strategic redirection and major acquisitions. These customers include. Imation Corp., a $1.8 billion digital storage media company and Transtar Industries. Arvind  worked for TRW Inc., a $19 billion multi-business company, for 20 years prior to starting his independent activities. At TRW, he served as a member of the management committee and the chief strategy officer. He was vice president and general manager of Seat Belt Systems, starting in November 1998, with overall responsibility for the global product line.  Seat Belt Systems, with 20 locations in 17 countries, and $1.5 billion in sales, employed more than 10,000 people.
From 1973 to 1981, Mr. Korde served as a management consultant in the various worldwide offices of McKinsey & Company, Inc.  As an associate principal, he led teams solving a wide range of strategic and operational problems for top U.S. and European companies.
Mr. Korde earned a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology in Bombay.  He received his master’s degree in industrial engineering from Stanford University in California and his MBA from the University of Chicago in Illinois, graduating at the top of his class in both schools.
 
 










 


Enquiry Form



Checking...Ouch! There was a server error.Retry »Sending message... Enquiry Form Fill in the form below and we will be in touch soon     Message Spambot blocker question9 - 8 = 

   














