










 













Cubic Asset Management, LLC Buys Medtronic PLC, ITT Corp, Computer Programs and Systems Inc, ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Cubic Asset Management, LLC Buys Medtronic PLC, ITT Corp, Computer Programs and Systems Inc, ...


January 25, 2017, 11:38:03 AM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Cubic Asset Management, LLCNew Purchases: MDT , CPSI , PXD , JNS, HELE, AAL, EOG, AON, PKG, DVN,Added Positions:ITT, CSCO, FDX, RRC, ORCL, AAPL, PFE, DAL, TIS, CSX,Reduced Positions:ARNC, SYMC, FL, PSTB, WFC, BBBY, AAWW, NCR, EAT, MKSI,Sold Out:DE, M, WGO, OKSB, SPA, BSV, AA,For the details of Cubic Asset Management, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Cubic+Asset+Management%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Cubic Asset Management, LLCMicrosoft Corp ( MSFT ) - 131,350 shares, 2.54% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.64%Delta Air Lines Inc ( DAL ) - 161,480 shares, 2.47% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 4.80%General Electric Co ( GE ) - 231,596 shares, 2.28% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.16%Allstate Corp ( ALL ) - 94,705 shares, 2.19% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.26%PNC Financial Services Group Inc ( PNC ) - 58,931 shares, 2.15% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2.92%New Purchase: Medtronic PLC (MDT)Cubic Asset Management, LLC initiated holdings in Medtronic PLC. The purchase prices were between $71.23 and $86.39, with an estimated average price of $78.56. The stock is now traded at around $74.41. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.27%. The holdings were 57,220 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Computer Programs and Systems Inc (CPSI)Cubic Asset Management, LLC initiated holdings in Computer Programs and Systems Inc. The purchase prices were between $22.5 and $26.65, with an estimated average price of $24.95. The stock is now traded at around $22.75. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.37%. The holdings were 50,770 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Pioneer Natural Resources Co (PXD)Cubic Asset Management, LLC initiated holdings in Pioneer Natural Resources Co. The purchase prices were between $171.11 and $193.24, with an estimated average price of $183.22. The stock is now traded at around $181.52. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.33%. The holdings were 5,925 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Janus Capital Group Inc (JNS)Cubic Asset Management, LLC initiated holdings in Janus Capital Group Inc. The purchase prices were between $12.36 and $15.7, with an estimated average price of $13.74. The stock is now traded at around $12.93. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.32%. The holdings were 77,325 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Helen Of Troy Ltd (HELE)Cubic Asset Management, LLC initiated holdings in Helen Of Troy Ltd. The purchase prices were between $78.15 and $89.65, with an estimated average price of $83.65. The stock is now traded at around $92.98. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.31%. The holdings were 11,845 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: American Airlines Group Inc (AAL)Cubic Asset Management, LLC initiated holdings in American Airlines Group Inc. The purchase prices were between $37.38 and $49.64, with an estimated average price of $43.55. The stock is now traded at around $47.82. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.29%. The holdings were 19,925 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: ITT Corp (ITT)Cubic Asset Management, LLC added to the holdings in ITT Corp by 253.19%. The purchase prices were between $33.26 and $42.73, with an estimated average price of $37.68. The stock is now traded at around $42.96. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.38%. The holdings were 43,997 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO)Cubic Asset Management, LLC added to the holdings in Cisco Systems Inc by 217.57%. The purchase prices were between $29.25 and $31.7, with an estimated average price of $30.49. The stock is now traded at around $30.77. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.26%. The holdings were 40,716 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Range Resources Corp (RRC)Cubic Asset Management, LLC added to the holdings in Range Resources Corp by 108.83%. The purchase prices were between $31.84 and $39.41, with an estimated average price of $35.78. The stock is now traded at around $34.15. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.17%. The holdings were 30,145 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Oracle Corp (ORCL)Cubic Asset Management, LLC added to the holdings in Oracle Corp by 172.99%. The purchase prices were between $37.93 and $40.88, with an estimated average price of $39.11. The stock is now traded at around $39.95. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.16%. The holdings were 20,515 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Orchids Paper Products Co (TIS)Cubic Asset Management, LLC added to the holdings in Orchids Paper Products Co by 40.59%. The purchase prices were between $23.35 and $27.99, with an estimated average price of $25.86. The stock is now traded at around $28.67. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 48,055 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: The Travelers Companies Inc (TRV)Cubic Asset Management, LLC added to the holdings in The Travelers Companies Inc by 30.66%. The purchase prices were between $104.67 and $122.57, with an estimated average price of $114.17. The stock is now traded at around $117.76. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 7,138 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: Deere & Co (DE)Cubic Asset Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Deere & Co. The sale prices were between $84.7 and $103.92, with an estimated average price of $94.02.Sold Out: Macy's Inc (M)Cubic Asset Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Macy's Inc. The sale prices were between $35.09 and $44.91, with an estimated average price of $38.89.Sold Out: Winnebago Industries Inc (WGO)Cubic Asset Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Winnebago Industries Inc. The sale prices were between $26.35 and $37.2, with an estimated average price of $31.15.Sold Out: Southwest Bancorp Inc (OKSB)Cubic Asset Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Southwest Bancorp Inc. The sale prices were between $17.95 and $29.5, with an estimated average price of $22.Sold Out: Sparton Corp (SPA)Cubic Asset Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Sparton Corp. The sale prices were between $21.57 and $26.04, with an estimated average price of $24.22.Sold Out: Vanguard Short-Term Bond (BSV)Cubic Asset Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Vanguard Short-Term Bond. The sale prices were between $79.44 and $80.63, with an estimated average price of $80.14.ITT 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of ITTPeter Lynch Chart of ITTPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        MSFT
                                    
, 

                                        DAL
                                    
, 

                                        GE
                                    
, 

                                        ALL
                                    
, 

                                        PNC
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







European Stocks Follow Asia Lower on Technology Rout, Amazon Earnings Miss


						7/28/2017 06:36 AM
					



Zacks Podcast Highlights: Looking for Top REIT Investments? Start Here for Your Guide


						7/28/2017 04:36 AM
					



Weyerhaeuser (WY) Beats on Q2 Earnings, Lags on Revenue


						7/28/2017 03:42 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





MSFT








84%



Rate It





DAL








82%



Rate It





GE








88%



Rate It





ALL








67%



Rate It





PNC








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX













































CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC.        |        PRODUCTS










Why not invest your assets in the companies you really like? As Mae West said, ‘Too much of a good thing can be wonderful’.                   
Warren Buffett 



 We offer small-, smid-, mid-, and all-cap value domestic equity products. They are differentiated solely by the market capitalization at the time of purchase shown below: 
 
 Portfolios generally consist of 35-50 equally weighted names. 








   






 HOME |  PEOPLE |  PHILOSOPHY |  PROCESS |  PRODUCTS | COMMENTARIES  | CONTACT CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT  

Copyright 2009 © Cubic Asset Management, LLC. All rights reserved







CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC.        |        PRODUCTS










Why not invest your assets in the companies you really like? As Mae West said, ‘Too much of a good thing can be wonderful’.                   
Warren Buffett 



 We offer small-, smid-, mid-, and all-cap value domestic equity products. They are differentiated solely by the market capitalization at the time of purchase shown below: 
 
 Portfolios generally consist of 35-50 equally weighted names. 








   






 HOME |  PEOPLE |  PHILOSOPHY |  PROCESS |  PRODUCTS | COMMENTARIES  | CONTACT CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT  

Copyright 2009 © Cubic Asset Management, LLC. All rights reserved







CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC.        |        PHILOSOPHY










Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.                   
Warren Buffett 



PHILOSOPHY
Our investment philosophy is to purchase stocks in much the same way that a knowledgeable buyer would evaluate a business for acquisition in its entirety.  The business should be reasonably easy to understand, have favorable long-term prospects, be managed by competent individuals with integrity and, just as importantly, be available at a price which represents a discount from its intrinsic value.
 
The larger the discount, the less risk the investor assumes, and the greater the margin of safety.  This approach is widely referred to as “value investing.”  The purchase of an asset at a price not predicated upon an estimate of its value is simply speculation.
 









 








   






 HOME |  PEOPLE |  PHILOSOPHY |  PROCESS |  PRODUCTS | COMMENTARIES  | CONTACT CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT  

Copyright 2009 © Cubic Asset Management, LLC. All rights reserved







CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC.        |        CONTACT












The secret of forecasting is to keep forecasting. 
Arthur Burns 



 Cubic Asset Management, LLC 
  800 Boylston Street, 
Suite 2830
    
   Boston, MA 02199-8090



Tel: 617.456.1373
Fax: 617.456.1392




DRIVING DIRECTIONS:

  From the North of Boston
 
  
From Route 93 take exit 26, Leverett Connector/Storrow Drive, and follow to the Copley Square exit  the left. Take a right onto Beacon Street and follow to Exeter Street. Take a left onto Exeter Sontreet and follow 4 blocks. The Prudential Center Garage will be on the right.


  From the West of Boston
 
  
Follow the Mass Pike eastbound into Boston (the Mass Pike is accessible from Route 128/I-95). Get off at exit 22, Copley Square/Prudential Center.  Follow signs for Prudential Center. This will take you directly to the Prudential Center Garage entrance, which will be on your right. 


  From the South of Boston
 
  
From Route 93 take exit 18, Massachusetts Avenue. Follow sign to Massachusetts Avenue and turn right. Follow Massachusetts Avenue for about 2 miles to Huntington Avenue. Take a right on Huntington Avenue. Take a left on Belvidere Street. The Prudential Center garage entrance will be on your right before Sovereign Bank.


   From Logan Airport
 
  
Access Boston via the Sumner Tunnel and exit onto Route 93 North. Take exit 26, Leverett Connector/Storrow Drive, and follow to the Copley Square exit on the left. Take a right onto Beacon Street and follow to Exeter Street. Take a left onto Exeter Street and follow 4 blocks. The Prudential Center Garage will be on the right


  Public Transportation
 
  
The Prudential Building is also easily accessible from the MBTA's Green Line, Orange Line, Commuter Rail and bus system.  The Green Line ("E" train) has a Prudential Center stop which exits into the Prudential
    Center.









   






 HOME |  PEOPLE |  PHILOSOPHY |  PROCESS |  PRODUCTS | COMMENTARIES  | CONTACT CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT  

Copyright 2009 ÂŠ Cubic Asset Management, LLC. All rights reserved







CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC.        |        WELCOME










October. This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks. The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June, December, August and February. 
Mark Twain



 Cubic Asset Management is an independent firm offering separate account management to endowments, foundations, retirement plans and high net-worth individuals. 


The analysts/portfolio managers have over fifty years combined investment experience.   We offer several products, all built around a disciplined bottom-up, “value” investment strategy.  


Our only office is located in the Back Bay area of Boston.
    














   






 HOME |  PEOPLE |  PHILOSOPHY |  PROCESS |  PRODUCTS | COMMENTARIES  | CONTACT CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT  

Copyright 2009 © Cubic Asset Management, LLC. All rights reserved







CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC.        |        PEOPLE












During my eighty-seven years I have witnessed a whole succession of technological revolutions. But none of them has done away with the need for character in the individual or the ability to think. 
Bernard Baruch



 
James L. Kaplan, Ph.D. 
Portfolio Manager 
Jim received his Ph.D. in applied mathematics in 1970 from the University of Maryland and was an assistant professor of mathematics at Northwestern University from 1970‑1972. He was a tenured associate professor at Boston University from 1972‑1985. As an academician, he published over thirty papers in scholarly journals, was a co-author of a calculus textbook, and was a frequent lecturer on applications of mathematics at national conferences. He founded J.L. Kaplan Associates in February of 1976. On November 1, 2002, he sold the firm to Evergreen Investments, the asset management division of Wachovia Corporation. Jim continued to manage the firm until November 1, 2007 when he founded Cubic Asset Management.
 
 
Frank P. Lombardi III, MBA
Portfolio Manager
Frank received his B.S. in biology from Bates College in 1998 and his MBA in finance from Northeastern University in 2001. Prior to joining Cubic Asset Management, Frank was a portfolio manager and senior equity analyst at J.L. Kaplan Associates, a wholly owned subsidiary of Evergreen Investments. Previously, he was an associate at The Topol Group, LLC, a private equity firm. He is a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society.
 
 
Benjamin Paradise, CFA, CAIA
Portfolio Manager
Ben received his B.A. in economics from Wesleyan University. Prior to joining Cubic Asset Management, Ben was a senior associate at Meketa Investment Group and an investment analyst at Jeffrey Slocum & Associates. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation, and is a member of the CFA Institute and the Boston Security Analysts Society. He also holds the Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst designation and is a member of the CAIA Association.
 
 
Stuart Schwartz 
Director of Operations
Stuart received his B.S. in business from the University of Maryland. Prior to joining Cubic Asset Management, Stuart was the head trader for The Roosevelt Investment Group. His responsibilities also included the oversight of all the daily operations including the company’s software systems and order management systems. Previously, he was an OTC market maker for Deutsch Bank. Stuart currently holds his series 7, 55, and 63 NASD licenses.
 
 
Ellen M. Rigoli 
Vice President (Office Manager)
Ellen received a B.A. in psychology from Framingham State College in 1976. Prior to joining Cubic Asset Management, she was the office manager at J.L. Kaplan Associates, LLC from 1981 – 2007. Before joining J.L. Kaplan Associates, Ellen managed the mortgage department at Waltham Savings Bank.
  



 
 
Brendan Pollock
Trader
Brendan received his B.A. in English from Union College in 1992.  Prior to joining Cubic Asset Management, Brendan was head trader at J.L. Kaplan Associates, a wholly owned subsidiary of Evergreen Investments. Previously, he worked at Lehman Brothers and Fidelity Capital Markets. He is a member of the Boston Security Traders Association.




 
 
Paris Geraniotis
Portfolio Administrator
Paris received her B.A. in international studies from Boston College, and is currently working on a Masters of Science in Leadership and Administration at Boston College. Prior to joining Cubic Asset Management, Paris was the Special Events Coordinator at Newton-Wellesley Hospital Charitable Foundation. Previously, she was a Development Associate at the YMCA of Greater Boston.
  









   






 HOME |  PEOPLE |  PHILOSOPHY |  PROCESS |  PRODUCTS | COMMENTARIES  | CONTACT CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT  

Copyright 2009 © Cubic Asset Management, LLC. All rights reserved







CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC.        |        PROCESS












I spend about 15 minutes a year on economic analysis. The way you lose money in the stock market is to start off with an economic picture. I also spend 15 minutes a year on where the stock market is going.
Peter Lynch 



STOCK SELECTION CRITERIA
Earnings Power Play
Low P/E 

We require Earnings Yield (E/P) in excess of the 20-year AA corporate bond rate.



Modified “Fed Model. We use the “AA”-rated corporate bond rate in place of the risk-free rate. 
Graham and Dodd used similar criteria and believed that when a stock’s earnings yield > low risk, long-term corporate bond rates, the stock reflected current realities rather than future growth projections.



High Risk-Adjusted Returns have been achieved by buying low P/E stocks, as documented by numerous academic studies.
    

 
High ROE

Consistently high and sustainable return-on-equity in excess of 15% is often the result of a business with wide moats and a defensible niche.
A declining return-on-equity often predicts an earnings decline and thus poor stock performance.


 
Clean Balance Sheet

Low debt-to-capital relative to industry peers.
If interest rates cannot consistently be predicted, it’s best to have a clean balance sheet.
Low leverage ratios enable companies to weather the storm.
    

 
Positive Free Cash Flow

Positive free cash flow gives management the flexibility to pay and/or raise dividends, buy-back shares, reduce debt, make strategic acquisitions and fund organic growth. 
With free cash flow, management can accomplish all of these “value-added” tasks. without tapping the credit markets, a competitive advantage during periods of capital markets stress.    

 
Discounted Valuation

Stocks must trade at a minimum 40% discount to private market value.

 
Management Integrity

Management should utilize conservative accounting and have incentives that align with shareholders.

 
Growth Outpacing Inflation

Management must be able to articulate a business plan to grow earnings and revenues faster than inflation on a secular basis.

 
Asset Play

Sells at a minimum 40% discount to conservatively valued tangible assets.
Company should meet criteria for Earnings Power Play in the future under reasonable macro-economic conditions.

 
Diversification
Portfolio Diversification relative to macroeconomic variables rather than benchmark-relative sector weightings

Cost and availability of capital
Cost and availability of labor
GDP growth rate
The cost and availability of materials inputs including energy
Inflation rate
Relationship of the US dollar  to foreign currencies 

 
Sell Criteria
Stocks are sold when they meet one of the two tests:

Trade at 150% of the price-to-earnings ratio that would qualify the stock for purchase as an earnings power play
Trade at 85% of our estimate of private market value









   






 HOME |  PEOPLE |  PHILOSOPHY |  PROCESS |  PRODUCTS | COMMENTARIES  | CONTACT CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT  

Copyright 2009 © Cubic Asset Management, LLC. All rights reserved





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC.        |        COMMENTARIES










There are two kinds of interest rate forecasters: those who don’t know where interest rates are going, and those who don’t know that they don’t know. 
John Kenneth Galbraith 



Q3 2016
IT’S THE CULTURE, STUPID
Prior to the Brexit vote in June, political pundits and pollsters were unanimous in predicting that British voters would reject leaving the EU and vote their pocketbooks.  But the electorate instead voted to resist the homogenization of Britain, causing stocks to plummet worldwide. This overreaction to bad news is a well-studied phenomenon, which often creates a buying opportunity for those able to act against the crowd.
 
Q2 2016
HOUR TOWN
The “gig” economy has shown explosive growth in recent years, and shows no sign of slowing down.  Apps such as Uber or Lyft allow individuals to pursue earning a living working only when they want to without reporting to a traditional office or boss.  In this essay we argue that the primary beneficaries of this trend are likely to be corporations, who can staff by using independent contractors who do not receive benefits like health insurance or paid vacations.  For workers, though, the seductiveness of being your own boss may very well lead to reduced earning power with no career advancement.
 
Q1 2016
WHEN LESS IS MORE, MORE OR LESS
The Federal Reserve’s zero interest rate policy (ZIRP) has prompted investors to cast an unusually wide net in the search for investment returns.  One result has been that many start-up companies have been able to raise large amounts of capital from institutional investors without being subjected to the discipline required to go public. Many mutual funds are among the investors in these pre-public entities, and they use varying methodologies to value their holdings, resulting in identical shares being priced at vastly different prices.  This seems likely to cause a problem, since mutual funds promise daily liquidity at their published net asset value, despite the fact that some of their holdings have imprecise values and no liquidity.
 
Q4 2015
CENTRAL BANKER WARDROBE: SUIT, TIE & FLIP-FLOPS
In the same way that some fashions (skinny ties or short hemlines) swing in and out of favor, the popularity of specific central bank policies also varies over time.  It was not long ago that Federal Reserve officials argued that the U.S. should pursue a stronger dollar.  This is now out of favor, though, and Fed officials would prefer a weaker dollar to stimulate exports.  This essay explores the investments likely to prosper when the pendulum of Fed policy swings back.
 
Q3 2015
NO FRACKING WAY
College campuses witnessed the start of several divestiture movements.  One example was to urge the sale of shares of companies doing business in South Africa as a means of opposing apartheid.  The latest movement favors the sale of all energy companies in endowment portfolios.  In this essay we suggest that calls for divestiture may not be the most effective way to produce change.
 
Q2 2015
BIGGER THAN ELVIS
Soaring pharmaceutical prices are very much in the headlines.  But the forces which have encouraged this escalation show no signs of abating, and political rhetoric notwithstanding, should continue this trend for some time to come.
 
Q1 2015
THE GOLDEN RULE
Corporate activists are making headlines by taking huge stakes in public companies and agitating for change.  But money management expertise does not imply expertise in managing a company, any more than athletic prowess in one sport implies the ability to excel in another.
 
Q4 2014
INVESTING IS NOT ALWAYS EBOLA CHERRIES
The stock market experienced a sharp drop in the Fall.  Many explanations for the drop were put forward, but the most likely was the fear of a global Ebola pandemic.  In this essay we examine the economic consequences of previous epidemics, and conclude that the market's reaction is overdone and most likely represents a good entry point.
 
Q3 2014
THE ROLLING STONES AS MANAGEMENT GURUS
Every good parent knows that it is necessary to use an appropriate combination of rewards and punishments to foster appropriate behavior in children - your allowance will increase if you make your bed every morning, or there will be no TV for a week if you hit your sister again. Carrots and sticks are important drivers of executive behavior, too.  Here we examine several examples of bonus systems which work against the creation of shareholder value and offer a template for aligning management and shareholder interests.
 
Q2 2014
HERD ON THE STREET
 The long-term outperformance of value investing over growth has been well documented.  Nevertheless, most investors utilize the latter approach, plowing money into the same trendy stocks. In this essay we examine data that suggests that the economic environment tends to push investors toward one style or the other, but the propensity to be a value investor appears to also have a genetic component.  Like most complex behaviors, they arise from a combination of nature and nurture. 
 
Q1 2014
THE ULTIMATUM GAME
The media is rife with articles about the widening disparity in incomes between the top 1% of earners and everyone else. Recent research in psychology shows that when people feel that the system is unfair, they are willing to make irrational economic decisions, hurting themselves provided it also hurts those of whom they are envious. We suggest that improved education is the only politically palatable way to narrow the perceived inequality.
 
Q4 2013
COMPARING APPLES AND NON-APPLES
  The market value of nearly every well-known consumer products company far exceeds its tangible book value. That is because the biggest asset of such companies is the value of their brands, an off-balance sheet item. In this essay we discuss the short product life for most technology consumer products, and argue that investors should not assign the same value to a brand like Apple as to brands like Coca Cola or McDonald's.
 
Q3 2013
TAKING THE HYPOCRITIC OATH
We are inundated with hypcrisy: evangelical ministers involved in sex scandals, politicians voting for policies they opposed as candidates, and actors flitting from city to city in their private jets to lecture the rest of us on how to reduce our carbon footprint.  Corporate executives are frequently guilty of failing to walk the talk, too.  In this essay we review recent research which suggests that we should pay as much attention to management integrity as we do to income statement and balance sheet analysis, since good behavior is statistically linked to superior returns.
 
Q2 2013
A BAD CASE OF APOPHENIA
Apophenia, also known as patternicity, is the phenomenon of seeing patterns or connections in random or meaningless data. Wall Street traders are constantly studying data to tease out potentially profitable patterns. But just as when someone perceives the image of a famous person in a piece of burnt toast, many of the patters are spurious, and lead to flawed trading rules.  In this essay we consider several well-known trading rules which, while widely accepted, are not likely to o consistent profitability.
 
Q1 2013
LOSING INTEREST AS WE AGE
Traditional asset allocation models usually advise individuals to increase their bond exposure and decrease their stock allocation as they get older. But with interest rates at a historic low, we suggest that capital losses on fixed income securities are almost certain over the next few years, so that contrary to conventional wisdom, a higher stock allocation may be the more conservative course.
 
Q4 2012
ALGOS GONE WILD
High frequency trading (HFT) is the use of computers and computational algorithms to quickly trade securities.  Such trading now account for an estimated 70% of all securities trading in the United States, and have undoubtedly increase market liquidity.  But as is always the case where huge sums of money are involved, many HFT firms, aided by exchanges seduced by the enormous commissions generated, have engaged in questionable behavior which have tilted the playing field against the individual investor.  Unfortunately, in recent years the algorithms have occasionally broken down and destabilized the markets.  In this essay we examine this phenomenon, and propose a potential remedy.
 
Q3 2012
COLLATERAL DAMAGE
The Federal Reserve's policy of keeping interest rates low has been successful in helping to stabilize the fragile banking sector and revive the depressed housing market.  But accommodative monetary policy can have unintended consequences.  Here we examine how record low rates have lowered the discount rate by which corporations value their pension liabilities, forcing many companies to use the profits generated by the recovery to make outsized pension contributions, rather than create jobs.
 
Q2 2012
CHANNELING CAPTAIN LOUIS RENAULT
In the classic movie Casablanca, Captain Louis Renault professes to be "shocked, shocked to find gambling going on in this establishment" despite having accepted bribes to look the other way.  This essay examines how our political class expresses similar outrage that many large corporations and wealthy individuals pay little in the way of taxes, while accepting campaign contributions to create loopholes.
 
Q1 2012
THE WORLD'S BEST DISCOUNT STORE
Individual investors frequently express frustration that stocks often rise after a seemingly negative new story, and fall after reporting good news.  In this essay we consider the process of "discounting", which is the market's way of incorporating future news into today's prices.
 
Q4 2011
SINOS PROBLEMS
Corporate America seems uniformly obsessed with doing business in China.  In this essay we consider how normally risk-averse CEOs are tripping over each other to build market share there, while ignoring flagrant disregard for intellectual property rights, unreliable market data, rampant corruption, confiscatory corporate tax rates and protectionist policies.
 
Q3 2011
LIVING IN THE FUTURE
In science it is standard practice to perform experiments, measure the results and then use the data to validate a hypothesis.  In a federal system of government, the states can frequently serve as a laboratory for testing alternative approaches to societal problems.  We examine several instances in which states have approached the same issues in vastly different ways which resulted in vastly different outcomes, and note that there seems to be little point in experimentation when the data is routinely ignored.
 
Q2 2011
GRAY MATTER
Insider trading has been very much in the news lately.  Yet despite a spate of high profile convictions there is no single statute which uses the phrase "insider trading", defines who is an "insider", or delineates which information is "material".  This essay explores the tension between regulators, who prefer vague laws that permit expansive interpretation, and market participants, who seek clarity about which acts are illegal and which are not.
 
Q1 2011
CHAINSAW BEN
An exploration of the unintended consequences of the Federal Reserve's massive stimulus program, one of which is the reluctance of corporations to hire when faced with margin pressure from soaring commodity prices.
 
Q4 2010
CONFIRMATION HEARINGS
An essay about confirmation bias, the near-universal tendency to focus on data which supports our beliefs (while ignoring contrary data) and which frequently leads to poor investment decisions.
 
Q3 2010
ETFs – EXTREMELY TRICKY FINANCIAL SECURITIES
ETFs, closed-end mutual funds which trade continuously throughout the day like stocks, have enjoyed explosive growth.  In this essay we consider how their unique structure sometimes causes them to diverge sharply from the indices they are supposed to track, and how they hold the potential to destabilize markets in unexpected ways. 
 
Q2 2010
THE TYRANNY OF THE FEW
Anecdotal evidence of the way in which litigation by a few activists stalls economic development that would benefit society as a whole, while acknowledging that the resulting loss of American jobs and competitiveness may be the inevitable price for avoiding the ecological degradation that frequently accompanies unfettered development.
 
Q1 2010
THE DOCTRINE OF PEOPLE INFALLIBILITY
An examination of the phenomenon in which a group of independent individuals often make more accurate predictions than experts, and the divergent forecasts now being sent by stock and bond investors.
 
Q4 2009
BEN BERNANKE, HOMEOPATH
An essay on the long-term risks to the American economy from the Federal Reserve’s prescription for artificially low interest rates as a cure for the problems that resulted from the previous period of artificially low interest rates.
 
Q3 2009
UNCLE SAM, CEO
An examination of the history of the nationalization of private enterprises in the U.S., and the likely impact of the current wave of nationalizations on long-term competitiveness.
 
Q2 2009
MORTON’S FORK
An essay about how conflicting government policy objectives can place executives between a rock and a hard place, and undermine confidence in the capital markets.
 
Q1 2009
Alfred E. Newman For President
An analysis of the implications of the looming huge shortfall in the Social Security and Medicare Trust Funds and recommendations for how to position portfolios.
 
Q4 2008 
The Mother OF All Margin Calls 
How the world’s financial system nearly unraveled in the aftermath of the collective delusion that real estate could only appreciate. 
 
Q3 2008
A Free Ticket To The Grandstand 
Speculators have long served as the scapegoat for the nation’s financial ills. But a nuanced analysis suggests that the role of speculators (and their tools, derivatives) is essential to the functioning of a modern economy.
 
Q2 2008
Adventures In Kiting
An analysis of how the Federal Reserve’s low interest rate policy ultimately created the credit crunch.
 
Q1 2008
Nothing Recedes Like Excess
A brief description of the statistical phenomenon of regression to the mean and why it suggests that investors should be buying, rather than selling, stocks.
 
Q4 2007
In-gene-ious Investing: Spock vs. Charles Darwin 
A discussion of the manner in which our evolutionary development inhibits our ability to invest rationally. 
 








   






 HOME |  PEOPLE |  PHILOSOPHY |  PROCESS |  PRODUCTS | COMMENTARIES  | CONTACT CUBIC ASSET MANAGEMENT  

Copyright 2009 © Cubic Asset Management, LLC. All rights reserved





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Cubic Asset Management LLC - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Cubic Asset Management LLC



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Paths
Holdings & Top Positions



Cubic Asset Management LLC



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2007




Headquarters


131 Dartmouth Street, 5th Floor, Boston, MA 02116-5297




Employees (Worldwide)


7




Industries


Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Cubic Asset Management offers several products, all based on fundamental criteria typically associated with a “value” investment style. They do not utilize market timing, technical or quantitative analysis. In general, the firm tailors their advisory services to the individual needs of clients in one of two ways. The majority of portfolios they manage consist of only equities, restricted to specific capitalizations (such as small-cap, SMID-cap or small-cap). In addition, some clients impose additional restrictions, such as the requirement that they not purchase so-called \"\"sin\"\" stocks (like alcohol and tobacco), defense companies, companies that utilize animal testing, or foreign securities, among others. A few clients request that they purchase only dividend paying stocks.Cubic Asset Management also customizes portfolios by market-cap for some high net-worth and retirement plan clients that want their portfolios balanced between stocks and bonds, using targeted percentages. The equity portions of such portfolios are selected using the same criteria used for equity-only portfolios; the bond portions are laddered. Clients frequently mandate minimum Moody’s or Standard and Poor’s ratings.




Website


http://www.cubic-am.com






 In The News
          See more






See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Stuart  Schwartz

Director of Operations




James Lawrence Kaplan

Portfolio Manager





Benjamin Isaac Paradise

Portfolio Manager




Frank P. Lombardi III

Portfolio Manager





Ellen M. Rigoli

Vice President




Brendan Pollock

Trader





Paris Geraniotis

Portfolio Administrator






 Paths to Cubic Asset Management LLC



                        Cubic Asset Management LLC                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Cubic Asset Management LLC






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Cubic Asset Management LLC.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Cubic Asset Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Cubic Asset Management, LLC


Cubic Asset Management, LLC
(CRD# 145169) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Boston, MA.
They
manage $555,400,000 in 382 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 8 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Cubic Asset Management, LLC




800 Boylston Street, Suite 2830,
Boston,
MA
02199
617-456-1373
http://www.cubic-am.com




http://www.cubic-am.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

555
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

382
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,453,927







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, FL, IL, MA, NH, NY, OK, TX






Financial Advisors at Cubic Asset Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 1 of 1 top financial advisors.





1















James L. Kaplan



CRD#:
2378537



800 Boylston Street, Suite 2830,
Boston,
MA
02199




93

Wealthminder
score








James Kaplan (CRD# 2378537) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Cubic Asset Management, LLC in Boston, MA and has 
over 24 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now




















Cubic Asset Management, LLC












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for Cubic Asset Management, LLC, Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about Cubic Asset Management, LLC

Company Information:Name:Cubic Asset Management, LLCAddress:131 Dartmouth Street5th FloorBoston, MA 02116Phone:(617) 456.1373(617) 456.1392Website:www.cubic-am.comCompany Products:


Cubic Asset Management, LLC Commentary







< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets





































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































Cubic Asset Management Llc Reviews - Boston, MA | Public ReputationTo access your free listing please call1 (866) 545-9612 to verifyyou’re the business owner or authorized representative.Monday - Friday 9am to 5pm ET××Click to Correct ErrorsPhone: 800-217-9233Email: citations@publicreputation.comPrintBaseline ReportGenerated {{::bc.createdDateReport.createdDateReport}}Cubic Asset Management Llc800 Boylston St Ste 2830,Boston,Massachusetts02199{{::bc.getPhoneDash('6174561373')}}Reputation ScoreThis report shows you an overview of the accuracy of your business’s information                                        across the web. Your local listings are your business’s pages on popular                                        directories and citations across the web. Having the correct information on                                        these pages is vital to being found by your local customers, especially when                                        they’re getting ready to make a purchase. Here, you can see how easily or how                                        difficult it is for someone to find your business online.Local Pages & DirectoriesThis report shows you an overview of the accuracy of your business’s information                                    across the web. Your local listings are your business’s pages on popular                                    directories and citations across the web. Having the correct information on                                    these pages is vital to being found by your local customers, especially when                                    they’re getting ready to make a purchase. Here, you can see how easily or how                                    difficult it is for someone to find your business online.Visibility ScoreScore BreakdownListings Present{{bc.visibilityScore.listingsPresent}}Listings Checked{{::bc.visibilityScore.listingsChecked}}NAP Consistency{{::bc.visibilityScore.napConsistancy}}%Listing PresentNot Yet ListedAction RequiredLocal Page or DirectoryCubic Asset Management Llc{{row.siteId}}View ListingN{{row.report.name}}A{{row.report.address}},                                {{row.report.city}}, {{row.report.state}} {{row.report.zip}}P{{row.report.phone}}No Listing Found!SyncedIn ProgressUnsynced*Partner Listing SyncLocal Page or Directory{{row.siteId}}view listingN{{row.report.name}}A{{row.report.address}},                                {{row.report.city}}, {{row.report.state}}, {{row.report.zip}}P{{row.report.phone}}No Listing Found!SyncedIn ProgressUnsyncedReviewsThis report gives you an overview of the quantity and quality of your online                                        reviews. Your online reviews are your biggest earned asset. They’re the digital                                        equivalent of word of mouth advertising. Your review profile should have a high                                        average rating, but not perfect, among a high quantity of reviews across multiple                                        platforms.Review ScoreScore BreakdownAverage Rating{{rc.reviewScore.averageRating}}Review Quantity{{rc.reviewScore.reviewQuantity}}Review Presence{{rc.reviewScore.reviewPresence}}%Public Reputation ReviewsNo Data Available{{rc.totalPRReviewsCount}}Google ReviewsUnsynced Data{{rc.findReviewRating('google').totalReviews}}Review SummaryPublic Reputation{{rc.totalPRReviewsCount}} Review(s){{review.social}}{{review.social}}Walk ScoreGoogle{{review.totalReviews}} Review(s){{review.totalReviews}}                            Review(s){{review.totalReviews}}score        This business has{{rc.totals.length-5}}additional sourcesRatingsSearch Analytics For Subscribers OnlyFind out how your listings are doing when you subscribe now.Subscribe NowContact UsPublic Reputation accepts no liability for the availability or contents of scan results, which may vary based on the information we receive from our partners. This scanning tool is supplied on an "as is" and "as available" basis. To the fullest extent under applicable law, Public Reputation makes no, and disclaims all, warranties, guarantees and representations, whether express, implied, oral or otherwise.What's this Cubic Asset Management LlcClaim this businessBoston, MassachusettsAll ReviewsNo reviews                                 View Photos                                 No Photos                                 Share ThisCheck Your ListingsBusiness detailsCheck Your Listings800 Boylston St Ste 2830 Boston, Massachusetts 02199No Hours Of Operation listed(617) 456-1373No Website ListedNo Social Accounts AddedWhat's this Review summaryPublic Reputation{{rc.totalPRReviewsCount}} Review(s){{review.social}}{{review.social}}Walk ScoreGoogle{{review.totalReviews}} Review(s){{review.totalReviews}}                            Review(s){{review.totalReviews}}score        This business has{{rc.totals.length-5}}additional sourcesWrite A reviewMore infoAlternative Phone:N/AFax Number:N/AContact(s):N/AAccepts Reservations:noNumber of Employees:N/APayment methods:Cash, MasterCard, Visa, MasterCard, Visa, Visa, Visa, Visa, Visa, VisaproductseventsbiosLess infoRecommended Businesses NearbyJumbo Capital Management Llc8.80 milesCroff Peak Capital Management1.64 milesWindhorse Capital Management Llc1.51 milesClaim this businessPublic Reputation helped these businesses manage their online presence.Become a 5-star business just like them.*The dry cleaning industry is incredibly competitive in the local market. Posh French Cleaners had all but lost hope                in their attempt at rank well in local search results. By asking their customers to leave reviews for all four locations and acting fast to manage their local listings,                they've been able to appear on the first page of search results consistently for over 8 months.See How I LookHearUSA has over 200 locations nationwide and with dynamic landing pages for each of their local offices they faced a challenge when it came to optimizing for local SEO.                Within 30 days of utilizing their Business Profile Pages as local landing pages, they saw 1st page results on Google and other search engines.See How I LookAroma360 needed a quick way to get all of their local search results synced and get their business profile ranking on search engines.                Within 60 days of fixing their local search results, the company saw their completed business profile and positive reviews ranking on the first page of Google.See How I LookNew to the market, AnnMarie Saba was looking for affordable and competitive landing pages to build up her reputation as an area expert.                AnnMarie asked her clients to leave her reviews on her business profile and within 90 days, she saw her page ranking locally over competitor pages.See How I LookWhat People Are Saying about  Cubic Asset Management LlcPublic Reputation helped these businesses manage their online presence.Become a 5-star business just like them.*The dry cleaning industry is incredibly competitive in the local market. Posh French Cleaners had all but lost hope                in their attempt at rank well in local search results. By asking their customers to leave reviews for all four locations and acting fast to manage their local listings,                they've been able to appear on the first page of search results consistently for over 8 months.See How I LookHearUSA has over 200 locations nationwide and with dynamic landing pages for each of their local offices they faced a challenge when it came to optimizing for local SEO.                Within 30 days of utilizing their Business Profile Pages as local landing pages, they saw 1st page results on Google and other search engines.See How I LookAroma360 needed a quick way to get all of their local search results synced and get their business profile ranking on search engines.                Within 60 days of fixing their local search results, the company saw their completed business profile and positive reviews ranking on the first page of Google.See How I LookNew to the market, AnnMarie Saba was looking for affordable and competitive landing pages to build up her reputation as an area expert.                AnnMarie asked her clients to leave her reviews on her business profile and within 90 days, she saw her page ranking locally over competitor pages.See How I LookLOAD MORE REVIEWS