
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


    Gary Cuccio | Openet Telecom Ltd | ZoomInfo.comwww.cucciopro.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Gary Cuccio, Openet Ltd: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




































Feedback





Gary Cuccio

Chairman,
Openet Ltd






Career History




Operating Partner
Telesoft Partners, PRESENT


Chairman
Openet Ltd, PRESENT


Chief Executive Officer
Mblox Ltd, 6/2004-11/2004


Chief Executive Officer
Advanced Telcom Group Inc, 2002-2003


Co-Chairman
Mblox Ltd, 11/2004-UNKNOWN


Chairman
Openet Telecom Inc, 6/2003-UNKNOWN


President/CEO
Lhs Group Inc, FORMER


Chairman
Advanced Telcom Group Inc, FORMER


Chief Executive Officer
Atg Group Inc, FORMER


Various Positions
Pacific Bell Telephone Co, FORMER


Various Positions
Belgacom Mobile-Proximus, FORMER


Various Positions
Airtouch Intl, FORMER


Various Positions
Omnipoint Communications Inc, FORMER


Various Positions
Airtouch Paging, FORMER


Various Positions
Phaeton Communications, FORMER


Chairman
Mblox Inc, FORMER


Chief Operating Officer
Omnipoint Communications Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.openet.com






Corporate Information
Address:

6 Beckett Way
Park West Business Park
Dublin, 12
Ireland


Phone:
353-1-620-4600


Fax:
353-1-620-4990


Web url:
www.openet.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



St. Mary's College
MBA


California State University Los Angeles
Bachelor's Degree, Political Science


President & Fellows of Harvard College
Associate's Degree


Show More








Memberships



Board Memberships




Openet Ltd


Chairman, PRESENT




XG Technology in


Board Member, 7/2013-PRESENT




Dialpad Communications Inc


Board Member, 3/2001-PRESENT




Lhs Group Inc


Board Member, 1/2000-PRESENT




Objective Systems Integrators Inc


Board Member, 8/1999-PRESENT




Nordictel Holding AB


Board Member, 1995-5/1997




Mblox Inc


Chairman, FORMER




Mblox Ltd


Co-Chairman, 11/2004-UNKNOWN




Advanced Telcom Group Inc


Chairman, 6/2003-UNKNOWN




Openet Telecom Inc


Chairman, 6/2003-UNKNOWN



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Welcome to Cuccio Naturalé























About Us
Blog
Products
What's New
Demos
MSDS
Shipping
Contact Us
Star Nail
ASN
Cina Pro


























Search Site




Email:Password: Sign In Forgot Password? New Customer




MEDIA





Products 4 Step Pedicure
 Cuccio Pro
 Promotions
 Cuccio Colour
 Cuccio Colour Veneer
 Cuccio Nail Solutions
 Professional Manicure
 Professional Pedicure
 Butter Blends
 Cuccio Lytes
 Salts & Scrubs
 Professional Retail
 Back Bar
 Accessories
 DetoXsoak
 Revitalize
 Soak
 Spa Enhancement
 New Products


Cuccio Somatology 

































 
Important Notice: All international orders must be a minimum of $350.00 and will be sent directly to the distributor in your country. All prices are subject to change.
          ATTENTION CANADIAN CUSTOMERS- PLEASE BE ADVISED WE DO NOT SHIP TO CANADA.
        PLEASE CLICK HERE TO CONTACT YOUR LOCAL DISTRIBUTOR.










Sign up for our E-Blast



























					Most Cuccio Naturalé products are available at CosmoProf Stores nationwide (Cosmoprof DOES NOT carry the Cuccio Colour or Veneer lines) To find a distributror in your country click here International Distributors


				Terms of Use | 
				Privacy & Security | 
				Shipping/Ordering

				©2006 - 2017 Cuccio Naturalé™. All Rights Reserved.
        	
















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started












































 Board of Directors | Nexant

















Skip to main content


















 

 






Home / About / Board of Directors        









About


Careers
Events
Global Offices
Board of Directors
Executive Leadership
Business Unit Leadership
News & Media
Partners









Board of Directors






Board of Directors
Arjun Gupta, Executive Chairman
Founder and Managing Partner, TeleSoft Partners
Arjun Gupta is the Executive Chairman of Nexant, and the founder and chief believer at TeleSoft Partners, a special situations venture capital firm in Silicon Valley. Over the last three decades, he has overseen investing in and helping build over 60 technology companies, of which over 40 companies have been acquired or gone public to date. At TeleSoft, Arjun manages capital commitments of $625+ million and has established corporate partnerships with Alltel/Verizon, Bechtel, and Deutsche Telekom's T-ventures. He was ranked by Forbes Magazine in the Top-100 technology venture investors on the 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 Midas Lists. Arjun serves on the boards of Nexant, Calient, Education.com, L&T, Infotech, L&T Technology Services, the Aspen Institute and the Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI). He is a co-founder and co-chair of YPO Aspen Chapter. Earlier in his career, Arjun was a technology industry specialist with McKinsey & Company, where his clients included Apple, PacBell/AT&T, and PacTel/Verizon Wireless. Prior graduate school, Arjun was a software design engineer, applications engineer and product specialist at Tektronix, Inc. Arjun has an MBA from Stanford University, MS and BS in Computer Science from WSC, and a BA in Economics with honors from St Stephen's College. He is an Advanced Leadership Fellow from Harvard University and Henry Crown Fellow from the Aspen Institute. Arjun is a passionate outdoorsman and lives in San Francisco and Aspen.
Basem Y. Sarandah
Chief Executive Officer, Nexant, Inc.
Mr. Sarandah is the founder and CEO of Nexant, Inc. and has over 33 years of experience in managing consulting and technology development organizations. Prior to leading the formation of Nexant in 2000, he was a principal vice president of Bechtel Group, Inc. and general manager of Bechtel's Technology and Consulting (BTeC) unit and Bechtel Software, Inc (BSI). During his tenure, BTeC emerged as a leading provider of technology commercialization and consulting services, and BSI became a leading developer of engineering and work-process software products.
Gary Cuccio
Gary Cuccio has over 35 years of broad operating experience in wireless, software, engineering, operations, sales and marketing. Mr. Cuccio was CEO of ATG, a CLEC based in California, Oregon, and Washington. Prior to ATG, Mr. Cuccio was CEO of LHS group (Nasdaq: LHSG), a Telco billing software supplier. LHS was acquired by Sema, a French software company, in Q3, 2000 for &6.8BB. Mr. Cuccio was also COO of Omnipoint, a PCS mobile wireless carrier which went public (Nasdaq OMPT), merged with Voicestream and the combined company was acquired by Deutsche Telekom to form T-Mobile USA. Mr. Cuccio's experience also includes several positions held at Airtouch, most notably Vice President of Operations for Europe, Vice President Asia and President of Airtouch Paging. The company was merged with Vodafone in 1999. He has also served as chairman of the board and audit committee chairman of several privately held companies and has helped sell and merge several public and privately held companies. Mr. Cuccio started his career with 27+ years at PacificTel in Operations, Engineering, Customer Service and Sales & Marketing, ending his tenure there as VP / General Manager. Mr. Cuccio received his AMP from Harvard University, his MBA from St. Mary's College and his BA in Political Science from California State University Los Angeles. 
John Hamm
Founding Partner, Soda Rock Partners
John Hamm has a diverse background as a technology CEO, a venture investor, and a leadership coach/advisor and Board member. He has been an investor and Board member at Brocade (NASDAQ:BRCD), Ironport (acquired by Cisco), SiliconStor (acquired by LSI Logic), Documentum (acquired by EMC), Truveo (acquired by AOL), and Webify (acquired by IBM). John has excelled in senior leadership/operating roles at several high-growth companies, including Whistle Communications, where he served four years as president and CEO. He held several executive positions at Western Digital in the U.S. and Europe.  John is also an established writer and contributor on leadership, including his popular leadership book, "Unusually Excellent." John has been published in Fast Company, Business 2.0, Business Week, Fortune, Forbes, and The WSJ.
Preston R. Miller
Partner, The Tremont Group
Preston Miller is a founding partner of The Tremont Group, a private investment and strategic advisory firm specializing in energy and the environment. Previously, he was a founding partner of The Beacon Group, a private equity and advisory partnership which was acquired by the Chase Manhattan Corporation in 2000 (now J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.). He was also a partner and co-head of The Beacon Group Energy Funds (an affiliate of J.P. Morgan Partners) which holds a portfolio of investments in companies throughout the energy industry, from upstream to power generation and energy technology. Prior to the formation of The Beacon Group, Mr. Miller spent 14 years at Goldman, Sachs & Co. where he was a vice president in the Structured Finance Group with global responsibility for the independent power industry, asset-backed power generation, and oil and gas financing.
Gregory J. Rossman
General Partner, Oak Investment Partners
Greg J. Rossmann joined Oak Investment Partners in 2016.  Greg focuses on investments in hardware, complex software, defense, and energy related companies. Prior to joining OAK, Greg was the Senior Managing Director at GJR Capital Management, a firm focusing on public market investments in companies requiring operational, structural, or financial improvement. Prior to GJR Capital, Greg was a Managing Director with the Carlyle Growth Buyout fund, executing mid-market buyout transactions and Growth Equity investments in operating companies. Before joining Carlyle Greg was with Pequot Capital, where he focused on growth equity investments in information technology companies. Previously, Greg was a Managing Director at Broadview International where he managed the firm's global merger and acquisition practice in Hardware, Semiconductor, and Communications Equipment.  Greg holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of Cincinnati and an M.B.A. from the University of Santa Clara.  He currently serves on the Board of Directors of NETGEAR (NTGR), Sleep Science Partner, and Nexant.
George Schmitt
Chairman and CEO of XG Technology
George Scmitt has over 45 years of broad operating experience in wireless and wireline companies. Mr. Schmitt's experience includes e.spire Communications, Omnipoint Communications, LHS Group, Objective Systems Integrators, PCS PrimeCo, Airtouch Communications, Mannesmann Mobilfunk (Germany), Pacific Telesis, Pacific Telephone and AT&T. Most recently, Mr. Schmitt was Chairman and CEO of e.spire Communications, a provider of voice, data and Internet services to markets thoughout the US. Previously, Mr. Schmitt was President and Director of Omnipoint Communications Services (Nasdaq: OMPT) until VoiceStream's acquisition of Omnipoint in 2000. In 2013, Mr. Schmitt was inducted into the Wireless Hall of Fame by the Wireless History Foundation, an organization formed to preserve and promote the history of the wireless industry. Induction into the Wireless Hall of Fame is one of the industry's highest honors, acknowledging the leadership, innovation and achievement of each honoree. Mr. Schmitt received an MS in Management from Stanford University, where he was a Sloan Fellow, and a BA in Political Science from Saint Mary's College. 
Paul Unruh
Senior Advisor, TeleSoft Partners
Paul Unruh has more than 30 years of senior level professional experience in accounting, finance, and management. He is the former vice chairman of Bechtel Group, Inc., where he also served as manager of financial systems development, treasurer, and controller. While president of Bechtel Enterprises, he was responsible for investments in internet infrastructure and privatized power, airports, water, rail, and telecommunications. Mr. Unruh currently serves on the boards of Knowledge Adventure, HomeStore, Symantec, Genuity, and InterGen N.V.













 
 




Looking for more information on Nexant Software or Services?   Talk with an expert   












































Gary Cuccio, Ojai, CA California currently in Healdsburg, CA USA


























































						Nordhoff High School
Class Of 1964






   What's New     Classmate Profiles     Contact Us     In Memory     Home Page    








   Yearbook Photos   Class of 64 Photos   Reunion Photos   2011 Reno 65 Yr Celebration   2009 Nordhoffian   2009 45 Year Class Reunion   2008 Class of 63 45 Year   2004 40 Year Class Reunion   1999 35 Year Class Reunion   1994 30 Year Class Reunion   1989 25 Year Class Reunion   1984 20 Year Class Reunion   1979 15 Year Class Reunion   1974 10 Year Class Reunion   1969 5 Year Class Reunion     Class History   Activities Since Graduation   High School Period   Nordhoff in the News   More Nordhoff News   Ranger Record: 1/20/64   Ranger Record: 6/3/64   Nordhoff Herald   Productions   Dances, Music, Raiders   Sports   Graduation   Miscellaneous     Class History Pre-Nordhoff   Matilija Junior High School   Elementary School     1964 History/Videos   Nordhoff High School History     Missing Classmates   Classmate Interviews   Carol Bintz Stone Interview   Judy Campanaro Interview   Gary Desgagnes Interview   Jan Farnsworth Interview   John Gearhart Interview   Don GerBracht Interview   Mark Hall Interview   Troy Helton Interview   Larry Kennedy Interview   Johnnie Kercher R. Interview   Jean Poulis Parker Interview   Dennis Wallace Interview      













Updates to Gary's profile since your last visit are highlighted in yellow.

Gary Cuccio 

Profile Updated: March 19, 2015











Yearbook







Photos (1)




Yes! Attending Reunion

Send Gary a private message









Send Private Message














What is the name of your Spouse or Partner?
Diane Timms Cuccio













Do you have Children/Grandchildren? What are their names and ages?
 Stephanie born in 1965; David born 1966
Grandchildren- Sienna born 1990, Ashli born 1992
Anthony  More…born 2002; Dominic born 2006






Where do you live now?


							Healdsburg, CA USA
						






What is your occupation?
Telecommunications Executive- mostly retired

































































What do you do now?

										I still serve on several boards of directors: Openet Telecom (Ireland);
mBlox Inc (GA & UK); XGTI (Nasdaq);
I am also the owner/manager/field laborer in my small Zinfandel vineyard in Sonoma county. Also run our Real Estate investment company- G&DC Land Co. LLC 
                  




Comment















What did you do right after high school?

										Diane (Timms) and I got married (50 years this year) we went to work at  Pacific Bell (ATT); I went to night school at VC. 
                  




Comment















What did you do with your life since high school?

										As Diane and I raised our family; I spent a corporate life with ATT mostly in California living in Monterey, Bay Area, Orange Co, LA, SF. In 1993 I left for international assignments first in Beligum and later in Netherlands building new cellular phone networks. For a decade or so we moved about NJ, Penna, Texas, GA while taking executive jobs for a variety of telecom companies. In 2001, I first retired only taking on temporary assignments and board positions. We moved to Sonoma county- started planting our vineyard etc. Now enjoying the good life:family, wine, sun, food, golf, travel-ah; we are occassionaly in Ojai as Diane's parents and my brother (Tony) and Sister (Joann Savard) still live there. 
                  




Comment















General Comments:
After 50 years- still trying to conquer golf;
tried my hand at making wine... hmmm; I enjoy traveling- 40+ countries so far, this year Canada, UK, and Ireland this year; next year a Villa in Tuscany and Austria 
if you are ever in CA wine country- I am always looking for some good field hands.




Comment















What colleges and universities did you attend? Degrees attained?

										Ventura College- AA
CSULA- BA
St Mary's College- MBA
Harvard U- AMP 
                  




Comment






































Profile Questions: Show Gary's Profile Questions and Answers









Gary's Latest Interactions



 Hide Comments











Gary Cuccio 


It's Gary Cuccio's birthday today.




Apr
19


Apr 19, 2017 at 1:33 AM





















Gary Cuccio 


It's Gary Cuccio's birthday today. New comment added.


Apr 19, 2016 at 9:52 AM



Posted on: Apr 19, 2016 at 1:33 AM

















Gary Cuccio 


Gary Cuccio has left an In Memory comment for Lorenda Austin Cianci.


Dec 30, 2015 at 9:33 AM



 Lorenda will be missed; a sweet and considerate, she lived a remarkable life- RIP
Gary and Diane Cuccio

















Gary Cuccio 


It's Gary Cuccio's birthday today. New comment added.


Apr 19, 2015 at 3:27 PM



Posted on: Apr 19, 2015 at 1:33 AM

















Gary Cuccio 


Gary Cuccio posted a message.


Mar 19, 2015 at 7:32 AM



 We had a wonderful time hosting a mini-get together of the class of 64; sorry we missed the big reunion. As an observation while some silver may have sprinkled through their hair; Jim Christianson, Larry Kennedy and Mike Mizell are still as young at heart as ever; what a delight

















Gary Cuccio 


Gary Cuccio posted a message. New comment added.


Feb 23, 2015 at 7:48 PM



Posted on: Feb 21, 2015 at 7:25 AM
 John, Diane (Timms) and I were sorry to miss seeing you at the reunion... life got it the way; sounds like an interesting and fruitful life; stay well- see you at our 55th reunion.Gary Cuccio

















Gary Cuccio 


Gary Cuccio posted a message.


Dec 21, 2014 at 9:43 AM



 Of course I remember you... we just had a very busy time Sept/Oct- harvest, anniversary party, family obligations, trip to Europe- could not fit it in; I am occasionally in Ojai as my brother and sister still live there. So how are things with you.

















Gary Cuccio 


Gary Cuccio posted a message.


Aug 16, 2014 at 8:05 AM



 Sounds like a great, interesting life... I have been through Caliente... the real west.Gary Cuccio

















Gary Cuccio 


Gary Cuccio  updated  profile. View.


Apr 23, 2014 at 8:09 AM




















Back to Gary's Profile Details





Gary's Photo Gallery



 Hide Comments




Posted: Dec 16, 2013 at 8:37 PM

Courtesy of Bob Patterson

























		
				Powered by Class Creator












