
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Christopher M Cuddy - Decatur, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Christopher M Cuddy in Decatur, IL


Christopher M Cuddy

                                                                           Intelius found that Christopher M Cuddy  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Decatur, IL.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Chris D Cuddy
Chris M Cuddy
Christoph M Cuddy


Get Report Now

Age

Christopher M Cuddy is in his 40s

Christopher Has Lived In

Decatur, IL
Peachland, NC
Marshville, NC

Christopher's Relatives

Michelle Scott
Alison Cuddy
Sally Cuddy
Bruce Cuddy







Christopher M Cuddy



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Vice President at Archer Daniels Midland Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Christopher? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Christopher, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Christopher M Cuddy
Get a Criminal Check on Christopher M Cuddy
Get a Public Record Report on Christopher M Cuddy
Get a People Search Report on Christopher M Cuddy


Christopher M Cuddy's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Christopher M Cuddy has lived as well as Christopher M Cuddy's phone numbers and email addresses.




Christopher M Cuddy Has Lived in 2 States
Illinois Address for Christopher M Cuddy


571 W P****** A** 

Decatur, IL


Has Lived In

Decatur, IL
Peachland, NC


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Christopher M Cuddy

(217) ***-**** - Decatur, IL 
(217) ***-**** - Decatur, IL 
(217) ***-**** - Forsyth, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Christopher M Cuddy

c***************y@***.com
c****y@***.com
c***************y@***.com


Get Email Report




Christopher M Cuddy's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Christopher M Cuddy's academic history.  Find out which schools Christopher M Cuddy attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Christopher M Cuddy received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Christopher M Cuddy Has Attended 1 School
Appalachian State University 1991 – 1995               Christopher M Cuddy has a BSBA in Finance & International Business               


Christopher M Cuddy's Professional Information
Information regarding Christopher M Cuddy's professional history.  Find out previous places Christopher M Cuddy has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Christopher M Cuddy Has Worked at 8 Places
Company: Archer Daniels Midland Company
               Title: Senior Vice President
Company: Archer Daniels Midland Company
               Title: Vice President, Sales and Marketing, Corn Processing Division
Christopher M Cuddy's Experience
Title: Senior Vice President
               Company: Archer Daniels Midland Company
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 25,000 to less than 100,000
Title: Vice President, Sales and Marketing, Corn Processing Division
               Company: Archer Daniels Midland Company
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 25,000 to less than 100,000
Additional Professional Information on Christopher M Cuddy

 See Christopher M Cuddy's LinkedIn Profile



Christopher M Cuddy's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Christopher M Cuddy


Christopher M Cuddy's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Christopher M Cuddy's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Christopher Cuddy
Username Matches

                  ChristopherCuddy
                  CuddyChristopher
                  Christopher.Cuddy
                  Cuddy.Christopher
                  Christopher_Cuddy
                  Cuddy_Christopher
                  Christopher-Cuddy
                  Cuddy-Christopher
                  CCuddy
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Cuddy







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Christopher M. Cuddy: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:58 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of ezCater, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Christopher M. Cuddy  Chairman, ezCater, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 5 different industries.----
Background

		Mr. Christopher M. Cuddy, also known as Chris, served as Chief Commercial Officer of Fareportal, Inc. since March 2013 until May 10, 2016. Mr. Cuddy served as Chief Executive Officer of Cheapflights Media (USA) Inc. (also known as Cheapflights (USA), Inc.) at Cheapflights Ltd. and Cheapflights (USA), Inc. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Cheapflights Ltd. (now Momondo Group Limited) from March 11, 2008 to May 2011. He served as Group Managing Director of Cheapflights ... Ltd. since January 2006. He served as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Engage Inc. From November 1999 to September 2001, he served as Vice President of Corporate Development and Integration of CMGI Properties. Prior to CMGi, he served as a Partner of CSC Index, where he was a responsible for the largest merger in the long history of the Utility industry. From July 1999 to November 1999, Mr. Cuddy served as Vice President of Business Development of Bluestreak.com Inc. From July 1990 to July 1999, he served as a Partner of Computer Sciences Corporation. He held leadership roles at Lightbridge, Computer Science Corporation, and Goldman Sachs. Since September 2001, he has over 25 years of experience building and growing private and public engineering enabled companies with an international focus. He serves as Chairman of ezCater, Inc. He serves as a Member of Board of Advisors at Bluestreak, Inc. He served as Executive Director of Cheapflights Media (USA) Inc. He served as an Executive Director of Cheapflights Ltd. since October 2005. He served as a Director of Engage since September 2001. He has been actively involved in launching high growth start ups as a Screening Committee Member of Launchpad Venture Group, and through his work with MECA software, Bluestreak online marketing, and Yokel product directory. A longtime flight enthusiast, he earned his student pilots license in between school. Mr. Cuddy received his MBA from Carnegie Mellon University and his BS in Computer Science and Electrical Engineering from George Washington University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
101 Arch StreetBoston, Massachusetts 02108United StatesPhone: 800-488-1803Fax: 866-847-1510
Board Members Memberships
ChairmanezCater, Inc.
Education
BS The George Washington UniversityMBA Carnegie Mellon University
Other Affiliations
Engage Inc.Bluestreak, Inc.The George Washington UniversityCarnegie Mellon UniversityMomondo Group LtdCheapflights Media (USA) Inc.Fareportal, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ezCater, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Christopher Cuddy M - DECATUR,IL | christopher m cuddy | 10+ People Finder Results





























People Finder.




Enter first name & last name





All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 






People Finder Results for christopher m cuddy









Results from Intelius. Showing top 5 of 5 results.






Premium Public Records for Christopher M Cuddy found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. The phone numbers related to Christopher M Cuddy found on InstantPeopleFinder.com originate in public phone directories such as white pages available on the internet. Find People Results may also contain information about Relatives & Classmates. If you are Christopher M Cuddy and want to change or delete your or your relatives/ classmates record, please contact the data provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people finder results and after optout with the data provider, the results will automatically disappear after few days.



FullNameAddressesPhone
DOBRelativesMore Details
Christopher M CuddyDECATUR, IL
Decatur,ILForsyth,ILMarshville,NCBoone,NCPeachland,NC
121 **** 121 **** 121 ****  **** 121 **** 170 **** 121 **** 170 **** 170 **** 121 **** 
Age: 43yrs.
Michelle ScottAlison CuddySally CuddyBruce CuddyLaura Keziah
Get People Search Report  >>

Christopher M CuddyNATICK, MA
Natick,MAColorado Springs,CONorth Dartmouth,MAJacksonville,FL
150 **** 171 **** 150 **** 150 **** 171 **** 171 **** 171 **** 
Age: 46yrs.
John CuddyJack CuddyKim CuddyJeffrey CuddyKaren Cuddy
Get People Search Report  >>

Christopher M CuddyWHITMAN, MA
Whitman,MAMarlborough,MAWatertown,MAQuincy,MAWeymouth,MA
150 **** 178 **** 154 **** 161 **** 161 **** 161 **** 
Age: 43yrs.
Maureen CuddyWilliam CuddyJennifer JordanBrooke CuddyStephanie Cuddy
Get People Search Report  >>

Christopher M CuddyPITTSBURGH, PA
Pittsburgh,PA
141 **** 141 **** 141 **** 141 **** 157 **** 
Age: 59yrs.
Nancy CuddyRose Fellin
Get People Search Report  >>

Christopher M CuddyNEEDHAM, MA
Needham,MAActon,MAConcord,MACambridge,MABronx,NY
161 **** 197 **** 197 **** 197 ****  **** 150 **** 161 **** 
Age: 53yrs.
Rebecca CuddyFax CuddyRobert CuddyEdward CuddyElizabeth Cuddy
Get People Search Report  >>


Results from US Search. Showing top 5 of 5 results.






Premium Public Records for name Christopher M Cuddy found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. If you are Christopher M Cuddy and want to change or delete a record, please contact the provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people search results and upon optout with the provider, the results will disappear after few days.



FullNameAddress HistoryAliases
AgeRelativesMore Details
Christopher M CuddyNORTH DARTMOUTH, MA
4 Address(s) Found North Dartmouth, MAColorado Springs, COJacksonville, FLNatick, MA
Christopher C CuddyChris M CuddyChris A Cuddy
Age: 46yrs.  
John CuddyJack CuddyKim CuddyJeffrey CuddyKaren Cuddy
Get People Search Report  >>

Christopher M CuddyBRONX, NY
6 Address(s) Found Bronx, NYMount Vernon, NYCambridge, MAActon, MAConcord, MANeedham, MA
-
Age: 53yrs.  
Rebecca CuddyFax CuddyRobert CuddyEdward CuddyElizabeth Cuddy
Get People Search Report  >>

Christopher M CuddyCORVALLIS, OR
6 Address(s) Found Corvallis, ORQuincy, MAWeymouth, MAMarlborough, MAWatertown, MAWhitman, MA
Chris Cuddy
Age: 43yrs.  
Maureen CuddyWilliam CuddyJennifer JordanBrooke CuddyStephanie Cuddy
Get People Search Report  >>

Christopher M CuddyPITTSBURGH, PA
1 Address(s) Found Pittsburgh, PA
Chris M CuddyChristoph M Cuddy
Age: 59yrs.  
Nancy CuddyRose Fellin
Get People Search Report  >>

Christopher M CuddyBOONE, NC
5 Address(s) Found Boone, NCDecatur, ILPeachland, NCMarshville, NCForsyth, IL
Chris M CuddyChristoph M CuddyChris D Cuddy
Age: 43yrs.  
Michelle ScottAlison CuddySally CuddyBruce CuddyLaura Keziah
Get People Search Report  >>



Public Comments for christopher m cuddy. 






Public comments related to name Christopher M Cuddy are submitted by users. You are solely responsible for your use of this section on InstantPeopleFinder.com and use them at your own risk. By using these forums and interactive areas, you agree not to post, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish any messages that violate our terms & conditions.




Leave a Public Comment for Christopher M Cuddy





Please enable JavaScript to view the 
comments powered by Disqus.
blog
comments powered by Disqus





No Results Found.

Your people finder query - Christopher M Cuddy - did not yield any results.
Suggestions:

> Make sure search query is spelled correctly.
> Try a different search query.
> Try to be more general.

Or Try Intelius Premium People Finder:




First Name


Last Name (*)


State













Pages.


USA People Finder Search

Read Our Blog


News - Real Time People Search Tool ...


Privacy Policy




Terms & Conditions




Benefits of Service




How To Use




About Us



Contact Us




Follow us.


Become a fan and connect with ever-growing
community of People Finder Searchers. Share your thoughts and find out what Instant People Finder is up to next!














Find people with one click.

Find People information instantly! Easy to use, people finder for free using public
records, addresses, phone numbers, yellow pages and background check. From email
to address search or reverse phone number to a general people locator - we have
all the free people finder engine bases covered. So give it a try and get started
with the most basic surname search on free people finder page!










Browse. Name Directory by LastName.
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz



Recent Updates.
Yesterday 07-26-2017 07-25-2017 07-24-2017 07-23-2017 07-22-2017 07-21-2017 



© Copyright & Trademark 2006-2017 InstantPeopleFinder.com - Instant People Finder. All rights reserved.
Instant People Finder Disclaimer for this Page: Christopher Cuddy M - DECATUR,IL | christopher m cuddy | 10+ People Finder Results. Most records for people finder, search people free & background check for christopher m cuddy are dynamically obtained in real-time. Any private information consisting of email addresses, street addresses, phone numbers etc. for christopher m cuddy are gathered from an extensive list of free web sources available on major people search engines & social networks.


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Pittsburgh, PA CPA Firm | Home Page | Christopher M. Cuddy, CPA P.C.













            	Call Us:
                
                    (412)344-4030                









Home






About




Services




Services For Individuals




Business Services




Small Business Accounting




Payroll




Audits - Reviews - Compilations




Cash Flow Management




Bank Financing




Business Valuation




Strategic Business Planning




Succession Planning




New Business Formation




Internal Controls



 

Tax Services




Tax Preparation




Tax Planning




Tax Problems




IRS Audit Representation




Non-Filed Tax Returns




Back Taxes Owed




Payroll Tax Problems




IRS Liens




IRS Levies




IRS Wage Garnishment




IRS Seizures




Offer In Compromise




IRS Payment Plan




Bankruptcy




Innocent Spouse Relief




Get Your IRS File



 
 

QuickBooks Services




Why Quickbooks




QuickBooks Setup




QuickBooks Training




QuickAnswers




QuickBooks Tips




QuickTuneup




Online Backup




Buy QuickBooks and Save



 
 

Newsletter




This Month's Newsletter




Previous Newsletters




Today's News and Weather



 

Guides




Life Events




Business Strategies




Investment Strategies




Tax Strategies for Business Owners




Tax Strategies for Individuals




Frequently Asked Questions



 

Tax Center




Track Your Refund




Tax Due Dates




Tax Rates




IRS Tax Forms and Publications




Record Retention Guide




State Tax Forms




1040 Tax Calculator




Marginal and Effective Tax Rates Calculator



 

Resources




Financial Calculators




Client Portal




SecureSend




Recommended Books




Internet Links




News and Weather



 

Contact









                	Subscribe to Our Newsletter
                

















                	Contact Us
                









Comments











					Home                









               					Professionalism 					Our firm is one of the leading small firms in the area. By combining our expertise, experience and the energy of our staff, each client receives close personal and professional attention. Read More... 					Responsiveness 					Our firm is responsive. Companies who choose our firm rely on competent advice and fast, accurate personnel. We provide accounting  services to individuals and small to medium size businesses and other agencies. Read More... 					Quality 					An accounting firm is known for the quality of its service. Our firm's reputation reflects the high standards we demand of ourselves.  Read More...    



	Christopher M. Cuddy, CPA P.C.	2848 West Liberty Avenue, Suite B	Pittsburgh, PA, 15216 Phone: (412)344-4030 cuddycpa@gmail.com 













Login   Search   Site Map   Privacy Policy   Disclaimer   
            












Cuddy Christopher M in Pittsburgh, PA 15216 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Pennsylvania
» Pittsburgh
» Certified Public Accountants
» Cuddy Christopher M













Cuddy Christopher M


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





2848 W Liberty Ave  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15216


(412) 344-4030


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Cuddy Christopher M is located at the address 2848 W Liberty Ave in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15216.  They can be contacted via phone at (412) 344-4030 for pricing, hours and directions.  Cuddy Christopher M specializes in Retail, Non-Profit, Property Tax Issues.  Cuddy Christopher M has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Christophe  Cuddy, OwnerCuddy Christopher M provides Settlements, Individual Services, Commercial Services to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Cuddy Christopher M view the map to the right.  For reviews of Cuddy Christopher M see below.









Business Features

SERVICES


Individual Services
, Settlements
, Data Processing
, Electronic Tax Filing
, Billing
, Representation
, Commercial Services
, Medical Billing Services
, Cash Management
, Partnerships


 BRANDS


Quickbooks
, Paychex
, Intuit
, Peachtree
, Quicken


 SPECIALTIES


Retail
, Medical Claims Processing
, Medical
, Mutual Funds
, Property Tax Issues
, Non-Profit
, IRAs
, Wills
, Churches
, Law



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (412) 344-4030
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Christopher
Main Contact Last Name: Cuddy
Certifications: Certified
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 250000
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Certified Public Accountants
Bookkeeping Services
Professional Services
Accounting, Taxes, Payroll & Bookkeeping
Accounting & Bookkeeping Services



People Also Viewed


BLOCH WARREN S CPA


5802 Douglas St  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15217




LARVA DONALD J


10304 Frankstown Rd  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15235




Advanti Fortier & Patton


2425 Liberty Ave  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222




Katz Stephen A


6622 Northumberland St  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15217




BIGLEY THOMAS G OFC


1 Oxford Ctr  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219




Bosley John J Cpa


610 Pennridge Rd  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15211





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Christophe  Cuddy
Owner

 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











CHRISTOPHER M CUDDY CPA - LEECHBURG, PA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



LEECHBURG



Accounting, Auditing, and Bookkeeping



Certified Public Accountant



                            CHRISTOPHER M CUDDY CPA
                                    



 





















C 


CHRISTOPHER M CUDDY CPA
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



54 HALL DR LEECHBURG, PA 15656
Get Directions



(724) 454-9412





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $87,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Certified Public Accountant
 Contacts CHRISTOPHER M CUDDY







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Christopher M Cuddy Cpa was founded in 2009, and is located at 54 Hall Dr in Leechburg. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $87,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















































Christopher M. Cuddy | ADM













































ADM 


angle-rightlogo-primarymagnifying-glassplay-button

Skip to Content






                        logo-primary













Customer Login


ADM Worldwide


Contact Us





Search the Site






















Show Menu








Our Company



Overview




Senior Leadership




History




ADM Facts




Community Giving




Code of Conduct




Procurement




U.S. Political Contributions




Associations





Products & Services



Overview




Food




Supplements




Animal Nutrition




Fuel




Industrials




Logistics




Farmer Services




Financial Services





Sustainability



Corporate Sustainability Report




Downloads




Sustainability Progress Tracker





Investors



Overview




Corporate Governance




Stock Information




SEC Filings




Presentations




Shareholder Reports




Investor Communications





News



Overview




News Releases




Images and Graphics




Media Relations Contacts




Social Media





Careers



Overview




Student Center




Benefits




Training & Development




Diversity & Inclusion




Values & Vision




Military Recruiting




Jobs for America's Graduates













Our
                        Company




Overview




Senior Leadership




History




ADM Facts




Community Giving




Code of Conduct




Procurement




U.S. Political Contributions




Associations






Products
                        & Services




Overview




Food




Supplements




Animal Nutrition




Fuel




Industrials




Logistics




Farmer Services




Financial Services






Sustainability




Corporate Sustainability Report




Downloads




Sustainability Progress Tracker






Investors




Overview




Corporate Governance




Stock Information




SEC Filings




Presentations




Shareholder Reports




Investor Communications






News




Overview




News Releases




Images and Graphics




Media Relation Contacts




Social Media






Careers




Overview




Student Center




Benefits




Training & Development




Diversity & Inclusion




Values & Vision




Military Recruiting




Jobs for America's Graduates










Customer Login


ADM Worldwide


Contact Us










Search the Site

















Home

Our Company


Senior Leadership


Christopher M. Cuddy











Overview




Juan R. Luciano




Ben Bard




Donald Chen




Christopher M. Cuddy




Michael D’Ambrose




Pierre-Christophe Duprat




D. Cameron Findlay




Scott Fredericksen




Tom Kadlec




Patricia Logan




Vikram Luthar




Vince F. Macciocchi 




Greg A. Morris




Ian Pinner




Stefano Rettore




Ismael Roig 




John P. Stott




Joseph Taets




Thuy Vo




Todd A. Werpy




Ray G. Young








Overview


Juan R. Luciano


Ben Bard


Donald Chen


Christopher M. Cuddy


Michael D’Ambrose


Pierre-Christophe Duprat


D. Cameron Findlay


Scott Fredericksen


Tom Kadlec


Patricia Logan


Vikram Luthar


Vince F. Macciocchi 


Greg A. Morris


Ian Pinner


Stefano Rettore


Ismael Roig 


John P. Stott


Joseph Taets


Thuy Vo


Todd A. Werpy


Ray G. Young






Christopher M. Cuddy











Christopher M. Cuddy is senior vice president and president of ADM’s Corn Processing business unit, and a member of the company’s Executive Council. In that role, he has responsibility for all commercial activity, operations and production for the company’s global Corn business. He also oversees the company’s renewable chemicals and animal nutrition businesses.
Previously, Cuddy served as president, Sweeteners and Starches, in ADM’s Corn Processing business unit. In that role, he was responsible for all commercial activities of the company’s North American sweetener, starch, fiber and acidulant businesses.
Cuddy joined ADM in 1998 and has held a variety of merchandising and management roles prior to leading the sweeteners and starches group, including president, Almidones Mexicanos, SA de CV (Almex), an ADM joint venture based in Guadalajara, Mexico. Before that, Cuddy was vice president, ADM Corn Processing, managing the commercial activities of ADM’s corn wet milling business, including sales, marketing, and distribution of corn-based sweeteners and sugar. From 2000 to 2004, Cuddy served as North American sales manager, ADM BioProducts. He began his career with the company as a senior commodity trader with ADM Grain.
Cuddy holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Appalachian State University in Boone, North Carolina. He serves on the boards of the Corn Refiners Association and Red Star Yeast Company LLC, an ADM joint venture.













Copyright © 2017 Archer Daniels Midland Company




Online Privacy Statement


Terms of Use


Compliance


Sitemap













	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































