 



Cue Biopharma Debuts With $26 Million in Invested Capital to Develop Next-Generation Biologics to Selectively Control T Cell Activity | Business Wire
























































Cue Biopharma Debuts With $26 Million in Invested Capital to Develop 
      Next-Generation Biologics to Selectively Control T Cell Activity




Biologics Platform Targets T Cell-Mediated Diseases in Oncology and 
      Autoimmunity


Experienced Management Team, Board of Directors and Scientific 
      Advisory Board Named






January 24, 2017 07:30 AM Eastern Standard Time



CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cue 
      Biopharma, Inc. (Cue), an immunotherapy company developing biologics 
      engineered to selectively modulate disease-relevant T cell subsets to 
      treat cancer and autoimmune disease, announced today a total of $26 
      million of invested private capital, led by MDB Capital Group. Guided by 
      an experienced management team and preeminent board members and 
      scientific advisors, Cue will use the proceeds to accelerate development 
      of its novel platform of T cell receptor (TCR) targeted biologics to 
      control immune responses in patients. Cue was founded in 2015 with $10 
      million of seed funding, followed by a $16.4 million follow-on financing.
    


      “It has become increasingly clear that more effective and less toxic 
      approaches to immune modulation are needed via precise communication 
      with and control of T cells," said Daniel Passeri, M.Sc., J.D., 
      President and Chief Executive Officer of Cue Biopharma. “With the Cue 
      platform, we have demonstrated selectivity for and modulation of 
      disease-relevant T cells. Our lead candidate has exhibited significant 
      potential in preclinical cancer models and has shown impressive synergy 
      when combined with checkpoint inhibitors. Our approach to modulating the 
      immune system to treat disease could have great clinical benefit for 
      patients, while reducing collateral toxicities often seen with less 
      selective immunotherapies.”
    

      “Cue biologics are engineered to engage and modulate specific 
      disease-relevant subpopulations of T cells within a patient’s body, 
      without activating T cells with similar signaling receptors, that are 
      not relevant to the disease,” said Steven Almo, Ph.D., Chair of the 
      Department of Biochemistry at Albert Einstein College of 
      Medicine/Montefiore Medical Center, scientific founder of Cue and 
      Chairman of the Cue Scientific and Clinical Advisory Board. “The company 
      has made impressive progress and I look forward to working closely with 
      Cue as it brings its drug candidates into the clinic and advances its 
      growing pipeline.”
    

      The Cue platform 
      was developed in Dr. Almo’s laboratory at the Albert Einstein College of 
      Medicine as part of a five-year, Specialized Center grant from the 
      National Institutes of Health (NIH). This funding enabled the technology 
      to be built into an industry-scale drug design platform capable of rapid 
      and efficient molecular prototyping and development. Cue is leveraging 
      these design capabilities in its discovery efforts.
    

Immune Responses, On Cue


      Cue Biopharma has developed a highly productive platform for designing 
      biologic drugs that generate tailored immune responses from 
      disease-relevant T cell populations by emulating the signals, or cues, 
      delivered by the body’s antigen presenting cells. This approach has the 
      potential to be highly effective both as a monotherapy and also in 
      combination with checkpoint inhibitors, while simultaneously avoiding 
      the toxicity limitations experienced when non-specific T cell activation 
      is involved.
    

      Cue biologics are being designed to achieve a high level of specificity 
      through the fusion of engineered T cell costimulatory signaling 
      molecules (ligands) with a T cell receptor targeting complex 
      (peptide-MHC) on a traditional antibody scaffold. The peptide interacts 
      with disease-relevant T cells and the biologic delivers one of Cue’s 
      engineered signaling ligands, thereby enabling exclusive modulation of 
      the T cell population of interest. Cue biologics are expected to be 
      capable of eliciting targeted T cell stimulation and expansion in the 
      context of oncology or T cell downregulation in the context of 
      autoimmune disease. The peptides capable of selectively targeting T cell 
      subsets are interchangeable on the Cue construct, allowing for rapid 
      extension to different indications simply by changing the specific 
      peptide.
    

      The versatility and flexibility of the Cue platform allows for highly 
      efficient design and development of biologics that provide a rapid path 
      from concept to in-vivo validation and selection of clinical candidates.
    

Cue Names Management Team, Board of Directors, Scientific Advisory 
      Board


      In conjunction with the launch of the company, Cue is announcing the 
      members of its management 
      team, which will be led by Daniel Passeri, M.Sc., J.D., President 
      and Chief Executive Officer; Ronald Seidel, Ph.D., Executive Vice 
      President, Head of Research and Development; and Rodolfo Chaparro, 
      Ph.D., Executive Vice President, Head of Immunology.
    

      Daniel Passeri is a seasoned biotechnology executive with more than 20 
      years of experience managing drug discovery and development programs as 
      well as business development activities on behalf of publicly traded 
      companies, with deep experience in both oncology and strategic 
      partnership generation. Prior to joining Cue, Mr. Passeri served as 
      President and Chief Executive Officer as well as Vice Chairman of the 
      Board of Curis, Inc.
    

      Dr. Ronald Seidel is a co-founder of Cue Biopharma and co-inventor of 
      Cue’s technologies, and previously served as Research Assistant 
      Professor of Biochemistry and Associate Director of the Macromolecular 
      Therapeutic Development Facility (MTDF) at the Albert Einstein College 
      of Medicine.
    

      Dr. Rodolfo Chaparro is also a co-founder of Cue Biopharma and 
      co-inventor of Cue’s technologies, and previously served as a faculty 
      member in the Department of Biochemistry at the Albert Einstein College 
      of Medicine in New York.
    

      Cue also named the independent members of its Board 
      of Directors, which include Peter Kiener, D.Phil.; Barry Simon, 
      M.D.; and Steven McKnight, Ph.D. Dr. Kiener has deep experience in both 
      biologics and immunotherapy, including as EVP and Global Head of 
      Biologics at MedImmune/AstraZeneca, and is currently the Chief 
      Scientific Officer at Sucampo. Dr. Simon is President and COO of 
      NantKwest and has held senior level roles at several companies including 
      F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Roche Labs, Connetics Corp. and Immunomedics. Dr. 
      McKnight leads an active research laboratory at UT Southwestern Medical 
      Center, was co-founder of San Francisco-based, Tularik, Inc., and 
      founder of Dallas-based Peloton Therapeutics.
    

      Cue has formed an industry-leading Scientific 
      and Clinical Advisory Board, comprising Steven Almo, Ph.D.; Hidde 
      Ploegh, Ph.D.; and David Baker, Ph.D. Dr. Almo is best known for his 
      high resolution structural and biochemical characterization of the 
      CTLA-4 and PD-1 immune checkpoint proteins and their respective ligands. 
      Dr. Ploegh is a member of the Program in Cellular and Molecular Medicine 
      at Boston Children’s Hospital. He is also recognized for his 
      contributions to molecular immunology. Dr. Baker is a Professor of 
      Biochemistry, Director of the Institute for Protein Design, Investigator 
      of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute, and adjunct professor of Genome 
      Sciences, Bioengineering, Chemical Engineering, Computer Science, and 
      Physics at the University of Washington. His research group is focused 
      on the prediction and design of macromolecular structures, interactions 
      and functions.
    

About Cue Biopharma


      Cue Biopharma™ (Cue) is an immunotherapy company developing biologics 
      engineered to selectively communicate with disease-relevant T cell 
      subsets to treat cancer and autoimmune disease. Cue biologics have the 
      potential to be highly effective as monotherapies as well as synergistic 
      with existing checkpoint inhibitors, while reducing collateral 
      toxicities often seen with less selective immunotherapies. Through this 
      platform approach, Cue has developed a promising pipeline with its lead 
      candidate currently approaching the clinic. Headquartered in Kendall 
      Square, Cambridge, MA, Cue is led by a strong, experienced management 
      team and scientific advisory board (SAB) with deep expertise in the 
      design and clinical development of protein biologics, immunology and 
      immuno-oncology.
    

      For more information, visit www.cuebio.com





Contacts

      Media:Sam Brown Inc.Mike Beyer, 312-961-2502mikebeyer@sambrown.com
















Contacts

      Media:Sam Brown Inc.Mike Beyer, 312-961-2502mikebeyer@sambrown.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












 



Cue Biopharma to Present at 2017 BIO International Convention | Business Wire
























































Cue Biopharma to Present at 2017 BIO International Convention






June 14, 2017 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cue 
      Biopharma, Inc., an immunotherapy company developing biologics 
      engineered to selectively modulate disease-relevant T cell subsets to 
      treat cancer and autoimmune disease, announced today that it will 
      present at the 2017 BIO International Convention being held June 19-22
in San Diego, CA at the San Diego Convention Center.
    

Event: 2017 BIO International ConventionLocation: 
      San Diego Convention CenterDate: Tuesday, June 20, 2017Time: 11:45 
      AM (PT) in Company Presentation Theater 4
    

      Cue Biopharma President and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Passeri, 
      M.Sc., J.D., will deliver a presentation focused on the Company’s 
      overall development strategy and the progress of its programs, including 
      lead candidate Cue-101, which targets human papillomavirus 
      (HPV)-associated cancers. The Company expects Cue-101 to enter the 
      clinic in mid-2018.
    

About Cue Biopharma


      Immune Responses, On Cue. Cue Biopharma™ is an immunotherapy company 
      developing biologics engineered to selectively communicate with 
      disease-relevant T cell subsets to treat cancer and autoimmune disease. 
      CUE (Conditional, Unique Engagement) biologics have the potential to be 
      highly effective as monotherapies as well as synergistic with existing 
      checkpoint inhibitors, while reducing collateral toxicities often seen 
      with less selective immunotherapies. Through this platform approach, Cue 
      Biopharma has developed a promising pipeline with its lead candidate 
      currently approaching the clinic. Headquartered in Kendall Square, 
      Cambridge, MA, the Company is led by a strong, experienced management 
      team and scientific and clinical advisory board with deep expertise in 
      the design and clinical development of protein biologics, immunology and 
      immuno-oncology.
    

      For more information, visit www.cuebio.com.
    




Contacts

      Sam Brown Inc.Mike Beyer, 312-961-2502
    

















Contacts

      Sam Brown Inc.Mike Beyer, 312-961-2502
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























 




Cue Biopharma, Inc. Company Profile




























































BioPortfolio
Biotech, Healthcare and Medical Resources































Advertisement

Topics


All Topics
Biotechnology
Biotech Business
Biotech Products
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Dermatology
Drug Discovery
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
Immunology
Infectious Diseases
Mental Health
Neurology
Obstetrics
Orthopedics
Public Health
Respiratory
Rheumatology
Urology 
			Track topics on Twitter
Track topics that are important to you




Printed From BioPortfolio.com

Cue Biopharma, Inc. Company Profile

06:58 EDT 28th July 2017 | BioPortfolio











      Cue Biopharmaâ¢Â (Cue) is an immunotherapy company developing biologics 
      engineered to selectively communicate with disease-relevant T cell 
      subsets to treat cancer and autoimmune disease. Cue biologics have the 
      potential to be highly effective as monotherapies as well as synergistic 
      with existing checkpoint inhibitors, while reducing collateral 
      toxicities often seen with less selective immunotherapies. Through this 
      platform approach, Cue has developed a promising pipeline with its lead 
      candidate currently approaching the clinic. Headquartered in Kendall 
      Square, Cambridge, MA, Cue is led by a strong, experienced management 
      team and scientific advisory board (SAB) with deep expertise in the 
      design and clinical development of protein biologics, immunology and 
      immuno-oncology.
    


News Articles
[1620 Associated News Articles listed on BioPortfolio]
Vitality Biopharma to Present at the 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational
LOS ANGELES, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 05/30/17 -- Vitality Biopharma, Inc. (OTCQB: VBIO) ("Vitality Biopharma", "Vitality", or the "Company") a corporation dedicated to the development of cannabinoi...
#jobs #lifescience Director of Business Development, Biopharma Solutions
Biotechnology, Pharma and Biopharma News – Research – Science – Lifescience ://Biotech-Biopharma-Pharma: Director of Business Development, Biopharma Solutions .NJ-South Plainfield, A...
Yisheng Biopharma to Present at BioPharma Asia Convention 2017 in Singapore
BEIJING, March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Yisheng Biopharma Co., Ltd. ("Yisheng Biopharma"), a biopharmaceutical company focusing on research, development, manufacturing, sales and market...
BioPharma Services, Inc. Successfully Completes 3 FDA Inspections 
      with ZERO Form 483’s
Friday, May 26th 2017 at 1:04pm UTC TORONTO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– BioPharma Services, Inc. (BioPharma) is proud to announce that it has successfully completed 3 inspections this month by the US...
First Phase Completed in Regan BioPharma Small Molecule Optimization Study
NewsRegen BioPharma, Inc. provides update on NR2F6 small molecule optimization program for treating cancer and arthritis. Analogues have been synthesized for lead compounds and are complete. The optim...
Denovo Biopharma gets exclusive rights to liafensine
US biopharma firm Denovo Biopharma says that it has obtained an exclusive license to liafensine (DB104),…
KBI Biopharma Is Acquiring Alliance Protein Laboratories
NewsKBI Biopharma acquires Alliance Protein Laboratories, expands biophysical characterization capabilities. Alliance is known for expertise in characterization of therapeutic proteins, peptides, nucl...
CDMO KBI Biopharma Is Acquiring Alliance Protein Laboratories
NewsKBI Biopharma acquires Alliance Protein Laboratories, expands biophysical characterization capabilities. Alliance is known for expertise in characterization of therapeutic proteins, peptides, nucl...


Drugs and Medications
[6 Associated Drugs and Medications listed on BioPortfolio]
Cardene® sr [PDL BioPharma, Inc.]
CARDENE® SR
Recombinate [Baxter Healthcare Corporation]
RECOMBINATE [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant)]
Recombinate [Baxter Healthcare Corporation]
RECOMBINATE [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant)]
Recombinate [Baxter Healthcare Corporation]
RECOMBINATE [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant)]
Recombinate [Baxter Healthcare Corporation]
RECOMBINATE [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant)]


PubMed Articles
[3 Associated PubMed Articles listed on BioPortfolio]
Applications of Raman Spectroscopy in Biopharmaceutical Manufacturing: A Short Review.
The production of active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) is currently undergoing its biggest transformation in a century. The changes are based on the rapid and dramatic introduction of protein- and...
On-line prediction of the glucose concentration of CHO cell cultivations by NIR and Raman spectroscopy: Comparative scalability test with a shake flask model system.
In this study, near-infrared (NIR) and Raman spectroscopy were compared in parallel to predict the glucose concentration of Chinese hamster ovary cell cultivations. A shake flask model system was used...
Multiplexing N-Glycan analysis by DNA analyzer.
Analysis of N-glycan structures has been gaining attentions over the years due to their critical importance to biopharma based applications and growing roles in biological research. Glycan profiling i...


Clinical Trials
[3 Associated Clinical Trials listed on BioPortfolio]
Single Ascending Dose Phase 1 Trial in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes
ARRY-403 is an investigational new drug being developed by Array BioPharma Inc. for treating
      Type 2 diabetes.  The purpose of this study is to test the safety (potential side effects)
      and ...
A Phase 1b Study Evaluating RESTEN-MP in Subjects With Focal de Novo Stenosis
The process of re-narrowing of a coronary artery following a revascularization procedure
      such as angioplasty, begins at the time of the procedure.  Restenosis has long been
      considered a ma...
Safety and Efficacy of RESTEN-MP When Used in Conjunction With a Bare Metal Stent in Coronary Arteries
The process of re-narrowing of a coronary artery following a revascularization procedure
      such as angioplasty, begins at the time of the procedure.  Restenosis has long been
      considered a ma...


Companies
[122 Associated Companies listed on BioPortfolio]
SAFE-BioPharma Association
SAFE-BioPharma Association (www.safe-biopharma.org) 
      is the non-profit association that created and manages the 
      SAFE-BioPharmaÂ® digital identity and signature standard for the 
...
Genesis Biopharma, Inc.
Genesis Biopharma, Inc. is a development-stage biotechnology company engaged primarily in the development of targeted cancer therapies.  For more information on the Company, visit http://www.genesis-b...
TenX Biopharma, Inc.
TenX Biopharma, Inc., is a biopharmaceutical company focused on late stage development and commercialization of novel monoclonal antibody-based cancer therapies. TenX Biopharma acquired global rights ...
Exostar and SAFE-BioPharma Association
SAFE-BioPharma manages the SAFE-BioPharma global digital identity and 
      digital signatures standard, developed for and used extensively 
      throughout the biopharmaceutical industry. LO...
BioPharma Fund
BioPharma Fund is an investment fund that invests in shares of medical biotechnology companies. Biotechnology companies are developing new drugs for many diseases such as cancer, heart disease, diabet...

More Information about "Cue Biopharma, Inc." on BioPortfolio
We have published hundreds of Cue Biopharma, Inc. news stories on BioPortfolio along with dozens of Cue Biopharma, Inc. Clinical Trials and PubMed Articles about Cue Biopharma, Inc. for you to read. In addition to the medical data, news and clinical trials, BioPortfolio also has a large collection of Cue Biopharma, Inc. Companies in our database. You can also find out about relevant Cue Biopharma, Inc. Drugs and Medications on this site too.





Quick LinksAdvanced Search |
					Login |
					Subscribe | 
					RSS 

Quick Search






Advertisement


 

Relevant Topics
Immunology
Allergies
 
  Automimmune Disease
 
  Human Papillomavirus (HPV)
 
  Immunology
 
  Vaccine


 Immunology is the study of immunity and the defence mechanisms of the body. A greater understanding of immunology is needed to develop vaccines, understand ...
Biotherapeutics
The field encompassing therapeutic materials produced using biological means, including recombinant DNA technology.

 Biotherapeutics, also known as biotech drugs or biologics, are therapies derived from living organisms. By harnessing these living cells...




Corporate Database Quicklinks
Search Corporate Database
Latest Corporate Records
Biotech Companies by Location
Popular Company Records
Recent Company Searches
Add or Control Your Corporate Profile


Searches Linking to this Company Recordcue biopharmaceuticalsvbio


















BioPortfolio Limited

About Us
Contact Us

Social Media

Twitter (200+ Accounts)
Twitter 
Google+ 
LinkedIn 



Publish Content

Publish
Publish Your Press Release
Advertise

Agreements

Agreements
Medical Disclaimer
Privacy



Tools

MyBioPortfolio
RSS

Help

FAQs
Sitemaps
XML Sitemap







			This site complies with the
			HONcode standard for trustworthy health
			information:
Verify here.



		The information provided by BioPortfolio.com is not a substitute for
		professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. The BioPortfolio
		site is sponsored BioPortfolio Limited with offices at Stafford House,
		10 Prince of Wales Road, Dorchester, DT1 1PW, England. If you
		are a legal copyright holder or a designated agent for such and you believe a
		post on this website falls outside the boundaries of “Fair Use” and
		legitimately infringes on your or your client's copyright we may be contacted
		concerning copyright matters at: priority@bioportfolio.com.
		
		All rights reserved. All other trademarks recognized. Copyright
		© 1997-2017 BioPortfolio Limited. Site developed by
		Alacrify Ltd.
	
















Cue BioPharma Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























cue biopharma inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Biotech & Pharma
Sub-Industry: Biotech
Cue BioPharma, Inc. operates as a biotechnology company. The Company discovers and develops medicines for cancers and autoimmune diseases. Cue BioPharma serves customers in the State of Massachusetts.




Corporate Information
Address:

675 West Kendall Street
Cambridge, MA 02142
United States


Phone:
1-617-949-2680


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.cuebiopharma.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Daniel R Passeri "Dan"


President/CEO




Kenneth J Pienta


Acting Chief Medical Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Cue BioPharma To Present At 2017 BIO International Convention













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Cue BioPharma To Present At 2017 BIO International Convention  











Tweet








6/14/2017 6:31:47 AM




  Life Sciences Jobs
 


  &bullet; Newest Jobs - Last 24 Hours


  &bullet; California Jobs


  &bullet; Massachusetts Jobs


  &bullet; New Jersey Jobs


  &bullet; Maryland Jobs


  &bullet; Washington Jobs


  View More Jobs


CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cue 
      Biopharma, Inc., an immunotherapy company developing biologics 
      engineered to selectively modulate disease-relevant T cell subsets to 
      treat cancer and autoimmune disease, announced today that it will 
      present at the 2017 BIO International Convention being held June 19-22
in San Diego, CA at the San Diego Convention Center.
    

Event: 2017 BIO International ConventionLocation: 
      San Diego Convention CenterDate: Tuesday, June 20, 2017Time: 11:45 
      AM (PT) in Company Presentation Theater 4
    

      Cue Biopharma President and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Passeri, 
      M.Sc., J.D., will deliver a presentation focused on the Company’s 
      overall development strategy and the progress of its programs, including 
      lead candidate Cue-101, which targets human papillomavirus 
      (HPV)-associated cancers. The Company expects Cue-101 to enter the 
      clinic in mid-2018.
    

About Cue Biopharma


      Immune Responses, On Cue. Cue Biopharma™ is an immunotherapy company 
      developing biologics engineered to selectively communicate with 
      disease-relevant T cell subsets to treat cancer and autoimmune disease. 
      CUE (Conditional, Unique Engagement) biologics have the potential to be 
      highly effective as monotherapies as well as synergistic with existing 
      checkpoint inhibitors, while reducing collateral toxicities often seen 
      with less selective immunotherapies. Through this platform approach, Cue 
      Biopharma has developed a promising pipeline with its lead candidate 
      currently approaching the clinic. Headquartered in Kendall Square, 
      Cambridge, MA, the Company is led by a strong, experienced management 
      team and scientific and clinical advisory board with deep expertise in 
      the design and clinical development of protein biologics, immunology and 
      immuno-oncology.
    

      For more information, visit www.cuebio.com.
    


 
      Sam Brown Inc.Mike Beyer, 312-961-2502
    






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Cue BioPharma Announces Selection Of Lead Candidate Cue-101 Targeting Human Papillomavirus (HPV)-Associated Cancers  American Diabetes Association Preview: 5 Things To Watch In Diabetes  Why Startup Cue BioPharma Picked Daniel Passeri as Its New CEO  8 Things Doctors Are Buzzing About At ASCO Cue BioPharma Announces Kenneth Pienta, M.D. As Acting Chief Medical Officer  “It’s Shame On Us If We Blow It”: Highlights From NY Seizes The Momentum  Recruiting Veterans for Life Science Jobs is a Focus at BIO AstraZeneca PLC (AZN) Release: Astrazeneca Presents New Data Underpinning Safety Profile And Real-World CV Outcomes Of Farxiga At American Diabetes Association 2017  Merck & Co. (MRK) is Looking to Hire Many Scientists at BIO Talent Connect in San Diego  DexCom (DXCM) Release: New Study Shows Adults With Type 1 And Type 2 Diabetes On Multiple Daily Injections (MDI) Benefit From CGM  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO)



                            •
                            Cue BioPharma




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Events




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 































	Cue Biopharma Inc. - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            Cue Biopharma Inc.
                        

formerly known as Imagen Biopharma Inc.
                        







print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

Cambridge, Mass.


 Region

New England


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Cancer, Autoimmune


 Year Founded

2015


 Website

http://www.cuebiopharma.com



 Lead Product Status

Preclinical






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy















Cue Biopharma






































Cue Biopharma


































