

Cullinan Associates, Inc. | Investment Management // More Income. Less Risk. | 800.611.4841







 












































© Copyright 2016 Cullinan Associates. All rights reserved.
Woodlawn Center, 2nd Floor  295 N. Hubbards Lane  Louisville, Kentucky 40207

800.611.4841

Disclosure














Cullinan Associates, Inc. | Investment Management // More Income. Less Risk. | 800.611.4841









































© Copyright 2016 Cullinan Associates. All rights reserved.
Woodlawn Center, 2nd Floor  295 N. Hubbards Lane  Louisville, Kentucky 40207

800.611.4841

Disclosure























Cullinan Associates, Inc. | Investment Management // More Income. Less Risk. | 800.611.4841

















































































Is there a legacy behind your assets? Cullinan understands. Your portfolio of common stocks represents years of hard work and sacrifice. Your stocks may be the financial legacy of a spouse, parent or grandparent. In nearly every such case, Cullinan clients do not want to relinquish their shares for any reason. For more than two decades, Cullinan has been using call writing to help clients generate additional income from large stock positions while retaining their shares. Few firms have our history of specialized expertise in this area. We conduct OverWriting on more than 10 million shares, representing more than 200 different stocks.
OverWriting uses a client's existing concentrated stock position to generate additional cash flow through the writing of covered call options. Cullinan has a very successful record of not letting shares get called away due to option exercise. Good candidates for OverWriting are large-cap stocks with exchange-traded options that provide attractive premium income. Cullinan can evaluate whether a particular stock is conducive to OverWriting.














© Copyright 2016 Cullinan Associates. All rights reserved.
Woodlawn Center, 2nd Floor  295 N. Hubbards Lane  Louisville, Kentucky 40207

800.611.4841

Disclosure























Cullinan Associates Inc                                                                                                  - Louisville                                        , KY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



KY



Louisville



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Cullinan Associates Inc
                                    



 





















C 


Cullinan Associates Inc                                                                                                 
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



295 N HUBBARDS LN STE 203 LOUISVILLE, KY 40207
Get Directions



(502) 893-0300
www.cullinan.com                                                                                        





Business Info



 Founded 1990
 Incorporated KY
 Annual Revenue $2,341,877.00
 Employee Count 14
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Keith Cullinan                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Cullinan Associates Inc                                                                                                  was founded in 1990, and is located at 295 N Hubbards Ln Ste 203 in Louisville. Additional information is available at www.cullinan.com                                                                                         or by contacting Keith Cullinan                                                                                                           at (502) 893-0300. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.















需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


﻿






























Cullinan Associates Inc. Boosts Position in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (NYSE:IR) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland)
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX) Shares Bought by Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd
Continental Resources, Inc. (CLR) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share
Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT) Shares Sold by Holt Capital Advisors L.L.C. dba Holt Capital Partners L.P.
Shutterfly, Inc. (NASDAQ:SFLY) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Lowers Position in AMERISAFE, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMSF)
Dolby Laboratories (NYSE:DLB) Shares Sold by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Bank of Nova Scotia Takes Position in TripAdvisor, Inc. (NASDAQ:TRIP)
62,990 Shares in Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNCR) Acquired by Bank of Nova Scotia
Point72 Asset Management L.P. Sells 80,000 Shares of Theravance Biopharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:TBPH)
Point72 Asset Management L.P. Takes Position in EchoStar Corporation (NASDAQ:SATS)
Point72 Asset Management L.P. Invests $3.06 Million in Nasdaq, Inc. (NASDAQ:NDAQ)
Janus Capital Management LLC Acquires 85,274 Shares of Physicians Realty Trust (NYSE:DOC)
PROS Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:PRO) Shares Bought by Janus Capital Management LLC
D Orazio & Associates Inc. Has $154,000 Position in V.F. Corporation (NYSE:VFC)
Prudential Financial Inc. Has $1.39 Million Position in Marlin Business Services Corp. (MRLN)
TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Lowers Position in Sysco Corporation (SYY)
Norinchukin Bank The Acquires 3,732 Shares of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (NASDAQ:WBA)
Riverbridge Partners LLC Holds Stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM)
Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €39.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC
Swiss National Bank Has $491,000 Stake in PICO Holdings Inc. (PICO)



 


Cullinan Associates Inc. Boosts Position in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (NYSE:IR)

					Posted by Brenda Bartman on Jul 12th, 2017 // No Comments 



Cullinan Associates Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (NYSE:IR) by 16.7% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 3,500 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 500 shares during the period. Cullinan Associates Inc.’s holdings in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) were worth $320,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Israel Discount Bank of New York purchased a new stake in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) during the first quarter valued at about $126,000.  Tradewinds Capital Management LLC raised its stake in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) by 9.0% in the first quarter. Tradewinds Capital Management LLC now owns 1,690 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 140 shares in the last quarter.  Zions Bancorporation raised its stake in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) by 1.1% in the first quarter. Zions Bancorporation now owns 2,001 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $163,000 after buying an additional 22 shares in the last quarter.  Parallel Advisors LLC raised its stake in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) by 9.6% in the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 2,003 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $178,000 after buying an additional 176 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. raised its stake in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) by 6.6% in the second quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. now owns 2,106 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $192,000 after buying an additional 131 shares in the last quarter. 82.36% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) alerts:



Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) traded up 0.65% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $93.51. 1,236,309 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average is $89.50 and its 200-day moving average is $82.84. The stock has a market cap of $23.94 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.99 and a beta of 1.32. Ingersoll-Rand PLC has a one year low of $62.40 and a one year high of $94.36. 




Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (NYSE:IR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $0.57 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.53 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $3 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.94 billion. Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) had a return on equity of 16.44% and a net margin of 10.58%. The business’s revenue was up 3.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.50 earnings per share.  Equities analysts expect that  Ingersoll-Rand PLC will post $4.52 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Cullinan Associates Inc. Boosts Position in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (NYSE:IR)” was originally  reported by Stock Observer and is owned by of Stock Observer. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/12/cullinan-associates-inc-boosts-position-in-ingersoll-rand-plc-ireland-nyseir.html. 
Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on IR shares. Wells Fargo & Company raised shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $90.00 target price on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) in a report on Friday, March 31st. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $91.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Credit Suisse Group  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $84.00 target price on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $87.00 target price on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland)  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $96.83.
In other news, insider Paul A. Camuti sold 6,960 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $89.90, for a total value of $625,704.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 64,979 shares in the company, valued at $5,841,612.10. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Marcia J. Avedon sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $89.53, for a total value of $895,300.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 118,297 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $10,591,130.41. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 21,943 shares of company stock valued at $1,967,606 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own  0.65% of the company’s stock. 
Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) Company Profile
Ingersoll-Rand Public Limited Company provides products, services and solutions to improve the quality and comfort of air in homes and buildings, transport and protect food and perishables. The Company’s business segments include Climate and Industrial. It is engaged in the design, manufacture, sale and service of a portfolio of industrial and commercial products that include brand names, such as Ingersoll-Rand, Trane, American Standard, ARO and Club Car.







Receive News & Ratings for Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




TJX Companies, Inc.   Shares Bought by Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd





Continental Resources, Inc.  Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share





Medtronic PLC  Shares Sold by Holt Capital Advisors L.L.C. dba Holt Capital Partners L.P.





Shutterfly, Inc.  Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research





Janus Capital Management LLC Acquires 85,274 Shares of Physicians Realty Trust 





Bank of Nova Scotia Takes Position in TripAdvisor, Inc. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 









































Cullinan Associates Inc in Louisville, KY 40207 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Kentucky
» Louisville
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Cullinan Associates Inc













Cullinan Associates Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1406 Browns Ln Ste D Louisville, Kentucky 40207


(502) 893-0300
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Cullinan Associates Inc is located at the address 1406 Browns Ln in Louisville, Kentucky 40207.  They can be contacted via phone at (502) 893-0300 for pricing, hours and directions.  Cullinan Associates Inc has an annual sales volume of 2M – 4,999,999.  .For more information contact John  Hunter, Cfo or  go to www.cullinan.comCullinan Associates Inc provides Financial Services, Estate Planning, Short Term Planning to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Cullinan Associates Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Cullinan Associates Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Municipal Bonds
, Commodities
, Individual Policies
, Employee Benefits
, Rollover Plans
, Combination Policies
, Agency Bonds
, CDs
, Retirement Plans
, Bonds



SERVICES


Financial Services
, Business Banking
, Estimates
, Individual Services
, Investments
, Investment Planning
, Short Term Planning
, Disability Income
, Rollovers
, Estate Planning



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (502) 893-0300
Website: www.cullinan.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: R.
Main Contact Last Name: Cullinan
Main Contact Title: President
Employee Size: 10 To 19
Exact Employee Count: 12
Exact Sales Volume: 1750000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 2M – 4,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


RIVER ROAD ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC


462 S 4th st Ste 1600 Ste 1600 Louisville, Kentucky 40202




Mack House Private Wealth Management


9900 Corporate Campus Dr  Louisville, Kentucky 40223




Veredus Asset Management Llc


6060 Dutchmans Ln Ste 320 Ste 320 Louisville, Kentucky 40205




Charles Schwab


380 W Main St  Louisville, Kentucky 40202




Hobbs John R Construction Co


7311 Moorman River Ct  Louisville, Kentucky 40272




J Hagan Warren & Assoc Wealth


9700 Park Plaza Ave  Louisville, Kentucky 40241





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




John  Hunter
CFO
Phone: (502) 893-0300 
 



Cullinan  Associates

Phone: (502) 893-0300 
 



Paul  Morlen
VICE PRESIDENT INVESTMENTS
Phone: (502) 893-0300 
 



Catlett  Bruce

Phone: (502) 326-0600 
 



Eric  Bielefeld
ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT INVESTMENTS
Phone: (502) 893-0300 
 



Royden Keith Cullinan
PRESIDENT & PRINCIPAL
Phone: (502) 893-0300 
 



Wayne  Boyd
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATOR
Phone: (502) 893-0300 
 



Pam  Head

Phone: (502) 893-0300 
 



Brian  Cullinan
VICE PRESIDENT
Phone: (502) 893-0300 
 



R  Cullinan
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (502) 893-0300 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Cullinan & Associates - Environmental and green business attorneys














   Contact Us


HomeWhat We DoEnvironmental Law ExpertiseDevelopment ProjectsBeyond Business as UsualCases that MatterCompliance Management SystemsInternational workWho We AreA High Impact FirmCreative, innovative, visionaryHistoryOur PeopleWho We Work WithCommitment to our clientsClientsCollaboratorsGet InvolvedWalking the TalkEcological Sustainability PolicyEcological Sustainability ReportCarbon OffsettingNews













Renewable Energy
Independent Power Producers 











Sustainable Communities
Oranjezicht City Farm











Defending Communities
City of Cape Town vs MaccSand











Community Participation
Wild Coast Communities
















As leaders in the fields of environmental and green business law we have an enormous depth of experience and provide our clients with excellent legal services. But it's our insight, values and commitment that make us exceptional.
We understand that humanity's greatest challenge in the 21st Century is building socially just and ecologically sustainable communities. Our role is to empower the people who are shaping a better future for us all to be more effective, whether they be big or small, pioneers or polluters. If that what you are about then we want to help you succeed.
Everyone who deals with us knows where we stand and that we take our values and ethics seriously. Our commitment, purpose and dedication make a difference. It's why we are a high-impact firm, why we litigate fiercely when required, and why our opinions and advice are widely respected - even by our opponents.
So if you are just looking for a green-wash, we are not the lawyers for you. But if you take sustainability seriously and enjoy working with people who share your commitment, call us - you will be glad that you did.


Contact Us





































Accolades 
	
<
>






2016

Firm without a dedicated Pro Bono department – for our work with the Wild Coast Communities





2015

Acquisition International named Cullinan & Associates the 2015 Environmental Law Firm of the Year - South Africa. For more information please visit http://acquisition-intl.com/





2014

Acquisition International named Cullinan & Associates the 2014 Most Socially Responsible Attorneys. For more information please visit http://acquisition-intl.com/





2014

Acquisition International named Cullinan & Associates the 2014 Environmental Law Firm of the Year. For more information please visit http://acquisition-intl.com/





2013

Acquisition International named Cullinan & Associates the 2013 Environmental Law Firm of the Year. For more information please visit http://acquisition-intl.com/





2008

The UK published book “Planet Savers” lists Cormac Cullinan as one of 301 extraordinary environmentalists in world history for his contribution to developing an Earth-centred philosophy of law





2009

Project 90x2030 names Cullinans as a 2009 “climate champion” for its pioneering efforts to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions





2010

Cullinans becomes the first law firm in South Africa to offset its carbon emissions and to publish its sustainability policy and annual report.





2010

Mail and Guardian awards Cullinans a “Greening the Future” award for innovative practices that improve business performance,





2012

Cormac Cullinan awarded the Nick Steele award for South African environmentalist of the year for his environmental activism and leadership.





Latest News

<
>






The N2 Wild Coast Toll Road: Is this what we call 'development'?
"They bring the N2 and tell us this is development. Why must development come from the top and not from us?” – Baliwe Dlamini, Resident


read more




Can they suffer?: The new demand for donkey skins
“[T]he question is not, Can they reason? nor, Can they talk? but, Can they suffer? Why should the law refuse its protection to any sensitive being?” - Jeremy Bentham


read more




Coal, oil and gas investments to be phased out, UCT Convocation votes
Coal, oil and gas investments to be phased out, UCT Convocation votes


read more




Draft Norms and Standards for the trophy hunting of leopards published for comment
Paul Theroux once described trophy hunters as “the unspeakable in pursuit of the stuffable.” 


read more




New SANRAL CEO Scraps Proposed De Beers Pass Route
We are pleased that the proposed road has been scrapped by SANRAL and we will continue to support the Forum's efforts in ensuring that any road upgrades are done in a just and sustainable manner.


read more




Beach Access: Understanding Your Rights
Cullinan & Associates is drafting model by-laws for the designation and regulation of coastal access land in the Western Cape, which municipalities may adapt and adopt for implementation within their jurisdiction. 


read more




J9 Foundation Takes Swift Action to Prevent Balloon Release
J9 Foundation proves their leadership in protecting the environment from destructive balloon releases.


read more




ConCourt Raises Welfare of Animals to a Constitutional Issue
National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals v Minister of Justice and Constitutional Development and others [2016] ZACC 46


read more




Con Court dismisses Sanral's Leave to Appeal over Winelands Toll
Cullinan & Associates has represented the City of Cape Town in their victory of Sanral


read more




SCA Ruling Confirms Broad Powers of Western Cape Heritage Authorities
In a precedent-setting ruling from the Supreme Court of Appeal in September last year, the protection of the cultural heritage of South Africa’s built environment was reaffirmed in a case that may have significant consequences for property owners seeking to develop buildings over 60 years old


read more




How spot on is your legal compliance?
Cullinan & Associates are pleased to provide a solution for employers of all sizes who are affected by these regulations and the associated risks in the form of our innovative, easy-to-use and extremely cost-effective online compliance management tool, SpotOn.


read more




Cullinan & Associates: Experts in Occupational Health and Safety
Cullinan & Associates has significant experience in South African Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) law as well as various international management standards such as ISO 14001 (Environment) and ISO 18001 (Occupational Health and Safety)


read more




Nersa Should Take Eskom To Task Over Illegal Refusal To Sign PPAs
The internationally acclaimed renewable energy independent power producer procurement (REIPPP) programme recently came under threat


read more




Treekeepers: Advice on conserving urban trees
Our friends at Treekeepers have produced a great resource of information on urban trees – enjoy!


read more




Supreme Court of Appeals dismisses SANRAL’s appeal against Western Cape High Court ruling on Cape Town tolling
Cullinan & Associates, as appointed attorneys for the City of Cape Town in this matter, have successfully represented the City in both the Western Cape High Court and the Supreme Court of Appeals. 


read more




Cullinan & Associates: Our Year In Review
It’s been a busy and exciting year so far at Cullinan & Associates. We are working on a range of important matters around South Africa – from litigation and training to supporting environmental campaigns. Please read more about our on-going  projects and get in touch if you would like to get involved!


read more




Guest Blog: Defend the Elandsfontein Aquifer from illegal strip-mining
Elandsfontein lies within the lagoon town of Langebaan on the Cape West Coast of South Africa.  The site is of international heritage value, when a 500 000-year-old humanoid scull was found in the early 1950’s.  Further excavations lead to 1000’s of artefacts found and the IUCN recognise it as an "Origin of Man site".


read more




Stop SANRAL’s devastating Wild Coast toll road!
SANRAL has proposed the construction of a new toll road highway through the Wild Coast region of the Eastern Cape – a proposal that would have potentially disastrous effects on local communities and the environment.


read more




A new kind of justice, the quest for an earth-centric legal system
Imagine if legal systems were designed to ensure that people contributed to the health of ecological systems instead of authorizing their degradation.


read more




Press Release – Harrismith Business Forum
On 13 June 2016 the national Department of Environmental Affairs rejected SANRAL’s final environmental impact report for construction of the De Beers Pass Route (a National Road 3: from Keeversfontein to Warden in the Free State) parallel to the existing National Road 3 (‘N3’). 


read more




Environmental Rights Win at iSimangaliso
A victory for environmental rights has been achieved as a court bid by two farmers to force iSimangaliso Wetland Park World Heritage Site to artificially breach the uMfolozi River mouth has failed.


read more




PROSPERO’S LESSONS: Adaptation and reinvention is required to leapfrog environmental destruction.
Once upon a time, long, long ago the activities of Earthlings began to alter the composition of Earth’s atmosphere to such an extent that they began to burn up.  The Earthlings that had previously flourished and multiplied across the face of the plant began to die in their billions...


read more




THE WILD, WILD COAST
Assassins disguised as police officers. Violence. Intimidation. Bribery. A close-knit community torn apart by outsiders with ulterior motives. It sounds like the latest Hollywood blockbuster but it’s taking place on the idyllic Wild Coast. And it’s been going on for more than 10 years.


read more




Some Pros and Cons of the National Air Quality Offsets Guideline
The Air Quality Management Offset Guideline published on 18 March 2016 is aimed at providing a guide to industry, government, consultants, the general public and stakeholders regarding appropriate principles to be adhered to in assessing the need for and designing, implementing, monitoring and evaluation of air quality offsets.


read more




Patel wrong about De Beers Pass, N2 Wild Coast projects
Minister Ebrahim Patel in his briefing on the expansive development of infrastructure in South Africa, at a recent Employment and Infrastructure Development Cluster, is under the incorrect impression in respect of the De Beer’s Pass  (National Road 3 Keeversfontein to Warden) and the proposed N2 Wild Coast Highway toll project (East London to eThekwini).


read more




Breaching the uMfolozi river mouth violates the rights of Nature
The use of heavy earth moving equipment by the iSimangaliso Wetland Park Management Authority to open the mouth of the uMfolozi river to the sea last week was an ecologically destructive act and wrong in the deepest sense of that word.  It was almost certainly also required by law.


read more




COP out - Earth’s Rights neglected in favour of market driven forces
When world leaders celebrated a ‘decisive’ outcome at COP21 they were inadvertently demonstrating the utter futility of continuing to believe that we can rely on United Nations processes to prevent catastrophic climate change. 


read more




Protection of trees in the City of Cape Town
Did you know it is illegal to cut down or chop trees on public property in Cape Town? Learn more about the City of Cape Town Metropolitan Municipality By-laws relating to trees below.


read more




Cullinan & Associates acts for the Harrismith Business Forum in their opposition to the construction of the De Beers Pass Route 
Cullinan & Associates acts for the Harrismith Business Forum in their opposition to the construction of the De Beers Pass Route 


read more




Mass balloon releases are illegal in South Africa
Mass balloon releases are illegal in South Africa


read more




Pollution Prevention Plans to be required for Greenhouse Gas Emitter following Paris Agreement
On 8 January 2016 the Minister of Environmental Affairs published draft Pollution Prevention Plan Regulations (PPP Regulations) and a notice which specify which greenhouse gas emitters must comply with the regulations, and has given the public until 7 February 2016 to comment on them.


read more




Great Harvests From Urban Gardens
At Cullinan & Associates, we are proud of our little vegetable garden – not only does it provide fresh, organic produce for our daily vegetarian lunches, but it also provides a place of relaxation and refreshment for our hard-working staff. 


read more




Legal Brief Enviro: Draft amendments to Norms and Standards relating to Rhinoceros Horns
Legal Brief Enviro: Draft amendments to Norms and Standards relating to Rhinoceros Horns


read more




N1/N2 Winelands Toll Project
Cullinan & Associates are delighted to have successfully represented the City of Cape Town in opposing the proposed tolling of the N1 and N2 highways by SANRAL.


read more




Tribunal for the Rights of Nature
"We need a new, positive manifesto to enable us to create ecologically sustainable human societies on earth..."


read more




Wild Coast Communities Case
"We are not poor as long as we have land"


read more




Legal brief Environmental: SANRAL challenges AmaPondo Communities’ capacity to appoint lawyers
Legal brief Environmental: SANRAL challenges AmaPondo Communities’ capacity to appoint lawyers


read more




Non-detriment findings under the Biodiversity Act: Management picture bleak for 5 listed species
Non-detriment findings under the Biodiversity Act: Management picture bleak for 5 listed species 


read more











Environmental and green business attorneys











The Cullinan Associates Inc. Has $394,000 Position in Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) - BangaloreWeekly













































Skip to content






BangaloreWeekly













 















The Cullinan Associates Inc. Has $394,000 Position in Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS)

July 17, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 














Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in BMS. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of  Bemis Company during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,735,000.  Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of  Bemis Company by 2.9% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,189,623 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $56,893,000 after buying an additional 33,616 shares during the period.  Credit Agricole S A boosted its stake in shares of  Bemis Company by 85.6% in the fourth quarter. Credit Agricole S A now owns 25,650 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,227,000 after buying an additional 11,831 shares during the period.  GSA Capital Partners LLP acquired a new stake in shares of  Bemis Company during the fourth quarter worth approximately $216,000.  Finally, Two Sigma Investments LP boosted its stake in shares of  Bemis Company by 210.2% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 51,190 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $2,448,000 after buying an additional 34,687 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  79.57% of the company’s stock. 
Cullinan Associates Inc. maintained its stake in shares of  Bemis Company, Inc. (NYSE:BMS) during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 8,529 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Cullinan Associates Inc.’s holdings in Bemis Company were worth $394,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 




Shares of Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) traded down 0.13% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $46.42. 816,877 shares of the company were exchanged. Bemis Company, Inc. has a 1-year low of $43.13 and a 1-year high of $53.32. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $45.03 and its 200 day moving average is $47.75. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.27 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.01 and a beta of 0.91. 
Bemis Company (NYSE:BMS) last released its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.07. Bemis Company had a return on equity of 19.95% and a net margin of 5.73%. The firm had revenue of $995.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.21 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.60 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.8% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  Bemis Company, Inc. will post $2.55 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
BMS has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Bemis Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. BMO Capital Markets  reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $52.00 price target on shares of Bemis Company in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Citigroup Inc.  reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Bemis Company in a research note on Friday, April 14th. Royal Bank Of Canada dropped their price target on shares of Bemis Company from $46.00 to $41.00 and set an “underperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. cut shares of Bemis Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their price target for the stock from $55.00 to $49.00 in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $46.90.
About Bemis Company
Bemis Company, Inc is a manufacturer of packaging products. The Company operates through two segments: U.S. Packaging and Global Packaging. The U.S. Packaging segment represents all food, consumer, and industrial products packaging-related manufacturing operations located in the United States. The Global Packaging segment includes all packaging-related manufacturing operations located outside of the United States, as well as global medical device and pharmaceutical packaging-related manufacturing operations.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BMS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bemis Company, Inc. (NYSE:BMS).






 


 
                Related posts            












                                        July 20, 2017                                    




                                        Ivanka Thompson                                    


0 



                                    The Stifel Financial Corporation (SF) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP                                

Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Vanguard Group... 












                                        July 20, 2017                                    




                                        Ivanka Thompson                                    


0 



                                    The Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Lowers Stake in W.R. Berkley Corporation (WRB)                                

Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in WRB. Vanguard Group Inc.... 












                                        July 20, 2017                                    




                                        Ivanka Thompson                                    


0 



                                    The Financial Comparison: REX American Resources Corporation (REX) vs. Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI)                                

Dividends REX American Resources Corporation (NYSE: REX) and Compass Diversified Holdings (NYSE:CODI) are both small-cap oils/energy... 





 Leave a Comment Cancel reply 
 
 
 
 

 






 

  Recent Posts 

The Stifel Financial Corporation (SF) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP


The Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Lowers Stake in W.R. Berkley Corporation (WRB)


The Financial Comparison: REX American Resources Corporation (REX) vs. Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI)


The Flextronics International Ltd. (NASDAQ:FLEX) Insider Sells $184,834.50 in Stock


The Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Shares Sold by Caisse DE Depot ET Placement DU Quebec


 















Cullinan Assoc. Inc. : Top Money Managers  



Cullinan Associates, Inc. | Investment Management // More Income. Less Risk. | 800.611.4841







 












































© Copyright 2016 Cullinan Associates. All rights reserved.
Woodlawn Center, 2nd Floor  295 N. Hubbards Lane  Louisville, Kentucky 40207

800.611.4841

Disclosure

























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


