

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 




Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund II, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund II, LLC  Funding details


Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund II, LLC Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001688005IRS Number: 813847843Address: 911 WASHINGTON AVENUE SUITE 801 ST. LOUIS 63101Phone number: 3147803013



Latest news
Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund II, LLC raised $2,250,000 from 5 investors on 2016-11-01.



Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund II, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-01New Form D$40,000,000$2,250,000$37,750,000$0506b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund II, LLC raised $2,250,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund II, LLC
Key People in Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund II, LLC:

- Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund II Manager,William Schmidt
Similar companiesCultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund, LLC, Cultivation Capital Tech Fund II, LLC, Cultivation Technologies, Inc., Cultivation Capital Fintech Fund, L.P.








Last visited companies: SCOPIA PARTNERS LLC, SCOPIA LONG LLC, SKB-Parkside, LLC, Scopia PX LLC, Scopia Partners QP LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Middlefield Healthcare & Life Sciences Dividend Fund IPO Raises $102 Million - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,797
+85.54
+0.39%






Nasdaq

6,382
-40.56
-0.63%






S&P 500

2,475
-2.41
-0.10%









7:00 A.M. ET


                                  A Bright Picture for Netflix
                                





 
7:00 A.M. ET


                                  How to curb your social media addiction 
                                





 
6:59 A.M. ET


Updated
      European stocks drop to 3-month low as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
                                





 
6:59 A.M. ET


                                  Merck profit and sales rise, beat expectations amid big jump in Keytruda sales
                                





 
6:58 A.M. ET


Updated
      A.O. Smith’s bet on China’s air-pollution problem is paying off
                                





 
6:58 A.M. ET


Updated
      Exxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
                                





 
6:58 A.M. ET


Updated
      Foxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
                                





 
6:57 A.M. ET


Updated
      High Times is going public through a deal with a blank-check company — and here’s what that means
                                





 
6:56 A.M. ET


Updated
      Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
                                





 
6:55 A.M. ET


Updated
      Amazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
                                





 
6:51 A.M. ET


                                  Merck Q2 Januvia/Janumet revenue $1.51 bln vs. $1.63 bln; FactSet consensus $1.62 bln
                                





 
6:50 A.M. ET


                                  Merck Q2 Keytruda sales $881 mln vs. $314 mln a year ago; FactSet consensus $787.5 mln
                                





 
6:49 A.M. ET


                                  Merck raises 2017 revenue outlook to $39.4 bln-$40.4 bln from $39.1 bln-$40.3 bln
                                





 
6:48 A.M. ET


                                  Merck affirms 2017 adj. EPS outlook of $3.76-$3.88
                                





 
6:46 A.M. ET


                                  Merck Q2 revenue $9.93 bln vs. $9.84 bln; FactSet consensus $9.75 bln
                                





 
6:46 A.M. ET


                                  Merck Q2 adj. EPS $1.01; FactSet consensus 87 cents
                                





 
6:46 A.M. ET


                                  Merck Q2 EPS 71 cents vs. 43 cents a year ago
                                





 
6:35 A.M. ET


Updated
      Russia retaliates to new sanctions by telling U.S. to cut diplomats
                                





 
6:34 A.M. ET


                                  Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
                                





 
6:31 A.M. ET


Updated
      This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
                                





 








































Log In















 


Until New York Markets Open

Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings














Home






CNW Group




Get email alerts



         Middlefield Healthcare & Life Sciences Dividend Fund IPO Raises $102 Million
    








    By

Published: July 21, 2017 8:55 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















CALGARY, Jul 21, 2017 (Canada NewsWire via COMTEX) -- TSX SYMBOL: LS.UN  Middlefield Group, on behalf of Middlefield Healthcare & Life Sciences Dividend Fund (the "Fund"), is pleased to announce that the Fund has completed its initial public offering of 10,200,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit for gross proceeds of $102 million. The units are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol LS.UN.  The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of units with:  (i) stable monthly cash distributions, and  (ii) enhanced long-term total return through capital appreciation of the Fund's investment portfolio.  The Fund's investment strategy will focus primarily on investing in dividend-paying securities of issuers operating in, or that derive a significant portion of their revenue or earnings from, products or services related to the healthcare, life sciences and related industries.  The initial target distribution yield for the Fund is 5% per annum based on the original subscription price (or $0.04167 per unit per month or $0.50 per unit per annum).  Middlefield Capital Corporation, the advisor, will provide investment management advice to the Fund. SSR LLC, an investment research firm based in Stamford, Connecticut, will act as an industry advisor to Middlefield and in such capacity will provide ongoing analysis regarding the global healthcare and life sciences sector.  The syndicate of agents was co-led by CIBC and RBC Capital Markets, and includes BMO Capital Markets, Scotiabank, TD Securities Inc., Canaccord Genuity Corp., GMP Securities L.P., National Bank Financial Inc., Raymond James Ltd., Manulife Securities Incorporated, Echelon Wealth Partners Inc., Mackie Research Capital Corporation and Middlefield Capital Corporation.  This offering was only made by prospectus. The prospectus contains important detailed information about the securities being offered. Copies of the prospectus may be obtained from your IIROC registered financial advisor using the contact information for such advisor. Investors should read the prospectus before making an investment decision.  SOURCE Middlefield Healthcare & Life Sciences Dividend Fund  View original content: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/July2017/21/c4072.html SOURCE: Middlefield Healthcare & Life Sciences Dividend Fund  please visit our website at www.middlefield.com or contact Nancy Tham or Michael Bury in our Sales and Marketing Department at 1.888.890.1868  Copyright (C) 2017 CNW Group. All rights reserved. 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Hillary Clinton’s new book ‘What Happened’ makes for hilarious R-rated internet


Amazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift


Howard Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise















Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.





Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq





If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one





How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 





















Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:00 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund, LLC specializes in early stage and startups. It seeks to invest in health care and life sciences sector with a focus on plant/seed or biosciences technology, plant science and biofuels, compound and drug discovery, medical devices, and health care information technology and related mobile health platforms. It prefers to invest between $0.25 million and $1.25 million.


4041 Forest Park AvenueSuite 116St. Louis, MO 63108United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 314-216-2051








Key Executives for Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund, LLC




Mr. William  Schmidt


      	General Partner and Managing Partner 
      








Mr. Dean VandeKamp CPA


      	General Partner
      








Dr. Rick L. Ryan MBA,Ph.D.


      	General Partner
      








Dr. David Adam Smoller Ph.D.


      	General Partner
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Christopher B. Danforth


      	Limited Partner
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




7:00 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:00aHow to curb your social media addiction 
7:00aA Bright Picture for Netflix
7:00aEuropean stocks drop to 3-month low as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
6:59aMerck profit and sales rise, beat expectations amid big jump in Keytruda sales
6:59aA.O. Smith’s bet on China’s air-pollution problem is paying off
6:58aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
6:58aFoxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
6:58aHigh Times is going public through a deal with a blank-check company — and here’s what that means
6:57aIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
6:56aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
6:51aMerck Q2 Januvia/Janumet revenue $1.51 bln vs. $1.63 bln; FactSet consensus $1.62 bln
6:50aMerck Q2 Keytruda sales $881 mln vs. $314 mln a year ago; FactSet consensus $787.5 mln
6:49aMerck raises 2017 revenue outlook to $39.4 bln-$40.4 bln from $39.1 bln-$40.3 bln
6:48aMerck affirms 2017 adj. EPS outlook of $3.76-$3.88
6:47aMerck Q2 revenue $9.93 bln vs. $9.84 bln; FactSet consensus $9.75 bln
6:47aMerck Q2 adj. EPS $1.01; FactSet consensus 87 cents
6:46aMerck Q2 EPS 71 cents vs. 43 cents a year ago
6:36aRussia retaliates to new sanctions by telling U.S. to cut diplomats
6:34aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
6:31aThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund II, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund Ii Manager, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund II, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    911 Washington Avenue Suite 801 
    St. Louis, MO, 63101Phone: 3147803013 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-01


New


$2,250,000


$2,250,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund Ii Manager, Llc 
 Executive 


 William Raymond Schmidt 
 Promoter 



















USA | FinSMEs



























Skip to content


FinSMEs




REAL TIME VC & PRIVATE EQUITY DEALS AND NEWS




Search for:





Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin





Navigation



HomeUSA



USA 



 


Stephen Morana Joins Octopus Ventures as Venture Partner 

Octopus Ventures, a London, UK-based venture capital investor, recently added Stephen Morana as a Venture Partner.






 


Grab Receives up to US$2.0 Billion Investment 

Grab, a Singapore-based on-demand transportation and mobile payments platform, will receive an up to US$2.0 billion investment in the largest single financing in the history of Southeast Asia.






 


StarCompliance Receives Investment from Luminate Capital Partners 

StarCompliance, a Rockville, MD, NYC and Houston-based provider of enterprise compliance and regulatory software solutions for the financial services industry, received an investment from Luminate Capital Partners, a San Francisco-based private equity firm.






 


Priscila Bala joins Octopus Ventures’ NYC Office 

Priscila Bala, ex-Director of the Mentor Network at the Yale Entrepreneurial Institute, recently joined Octopus Ventures, a UK-based venture capital firm.






 


The Designer Fund to Raise $40M Second Design Focused Venture Capital Fund 

The Designer Fund, a San Francisco, CA-based early stage venture capital firm, is seeking to raise its second fund.






 


Callsign Raises $35m in Series A Funding 

Callsign, a London, UK-based artificial intelligence-powered authentication platform, raised $35m in Series A funding.






 


Canaan Partners Closes Latest Venture Capital Fund, at $800M 

Canaan Partners, a global venture capital firm, has closed its latest fund, at $800m.






 


TA Associates Announces New Hire and Staff Promotions in Boston and London 

TA Associates, a global growth private equity firm, hired and promoted investment staff in its Boston and London offices.






 


TenOneTen Ventures to Raise $50M for Second Venture Capital Fund 

TenOneTen Ventures, a Los Angeles, CA-based venture capital firm, is seeking to raise $50m for its second fund.






 


LiveOak Venture Partners to Raise $110M for Second Venture Capital Fund 

LiveOak Venture Partners, an Austin, TX-based venture capital firm, is to raise $110m for its second fund.






 


6 River Systems Raises $15M in Funding 

6 River Systems, Inc., a Boston, MA-based collaborative robotics fulfillment solution provider, raised $15m in funding.






 


Spera Raises $2m in Series A Funding 

Spera, Inc., a Lehi, UT-based provider of business management and payments software for freelancers and independent contractors, raised $2m in Series A funding.






 


Murphy Door Raises $1.25 in Growth Funding 

Murphy Door, Inc., an Ogden, UT-based provider of creative door solutions, closing a $1.25m revenue-based financing round.






 


WeWork Receives $500M to Expand in China 

WeWork, a global provider of space, community and services, received a $500m investment.






 


Megacool Secures $1.5M in Seed Funding 

Megacool, a San Francisco, CA-based mobile game tech startup, secured $1.5m in seed funding.









 



 Software for Startups. Video Converter from Freemake developer
The Daily Deal Newsletter – Sign Up
Email address: 




 







 



Sign-up now to the Daily Newsletter






































Cultivation Capital Launches $40M Second Life Sciences  Fund















































Skip to content


FinSMEs




REAL TIME VC & PRIVATE EQUITY DEALS AND NEWS




Search for:





Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin





Navigation



HomeUSACultivation Capital Launches $40M Second Life Sciences  Fund




Cultivation Capital Launches $40M Second Life Sciences  Fund


USA 

Published on November 3, 2016By FinSMEs 






Cultivation Capital, a St. Louis, Missouri-based venture capital firm, has launched its second fund dedicated to life sciences startups. 
Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund II, LLC, has a final target of $40m. According to a regulatory form filed with the SEC, five investors already participated in the offering committing $2.25m.
Led by Managing Partner William Schmidt, and General Partners Dean VandeKamp, Rick Ryan, David Smoller, Rick Holton Jr., Chris Danforth, and Bobby Sandage,
Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund II invests in early-stage life sciences companies, primarily in the therapeutics, diagnostics, research tools and reagents, medical devices, and healthcare information technology verticals.
The fund provides post-seed/pre-Series A stage companies with the capital they need to scale their businesses. Initial investment ranges from $250,000 – $1,000,000, with opportunities for follow-on investment.
The life sciences portfolio of the firm includes Benson Hill Biosystems, BlueStrata EHR, Cardialen, Euclises Pharmaceuticals, Galera Therapeutics, Immunophotonics, Mobius Therapeutics, Molecular Sensing, Pulse Therapeutics, Vasculox, and Veniti.
FinSMEs
03/11/2016
 







We recommend



 

USA 
Kindful Secures $3.5M in Series A Funding

By FinSMEs Published on October 18, 2016 




USA 
Euclises Pharmaceuticals Completes Nearly $2M Series A Funding

By FinSMEs Published on April 7, 2015 




fundingStart UpUSAventure capital 
LockerDome Raises $1.04M in Funding

By FinSMEs Published on June 6, 2012 






Join the discussion Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment. 




 



 Software for Startups. Video Converter from Freemake developer
The Daily Deal Newsletter – Sign Up
Email address: 




 







 



Sign-up now to the Daily Newsletter









































 


 




Cultivation Capital | A Venture Capital firm specializing in Technology and Life Sciences































































 





Cultivation Capital 

A Venture Capital Firm 














 









Supporting Extraordinary Entrepreneurs












We invest in young companies whose ideas have potential to transform the way we live & work. 




Cultivation Capital is a venture capital firm that supports extraordinary entrepreneurs. We are a family of venture funds that invest in technology and life sciences companies. These funds have back over 41 companies since the firm was founded in 2012, making us one of the most active seed investors in the country. Cultivation Capital helps businesses achieve pivotal milestones with the help of our general partners, investors, and other portfolio companies.
We partner with entrepreneurs who have the potential to build some of the world’s most successful companies. We know the struggles, the challenges, the rewards and the successes. We harness the knowledge to help develop and partner with the next generation of great entrepreneurs.


OUR CURRENT COMPANIESWe have the privilege of working with some of these amazing companies.
SEE ALL COMPANIES



MEET THE TEAM




Our team is made up of experienced general partners with expertise in technology and life sciences, savvy operations professionals, and outstanding entrepreneurs to help guide and mentor you.



MEET OUR TEAM



MEET OUR COMPANIES




Our portfolio companies are made up of experienced entrepreneurs in the technology and life sciences fields. Check out our portfolio page to learn more about our outstanding companies.



GET TO KNOW OUR COMPANIES
















 

Meet Bill Schmidt: Managing Partner at Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund - EQ

























































































 


















CLOSE



About EQ
Calendar
Jobs
Downloads

Digital Edition
Print Issue 1
Print Issue 2


Guides
Advertise
Our Sponsors
 
 









About EQ
Newsletters
Advertise
Our Sponsors
Guides
















 















Guides

Ecosystem Map
Coworking Guide to St Louis
STL Startup Funding Guide
St. Louis Startup Accelerator Guide


Jobs
STL Tech Ecosystem Map
Events
Stories






















 










From Our PartnersCultivation Capital

Meet Bill Schmidt: Managing Partner at Cultivation Capital Life Sciences Fund

By Tanya Yatzeck -  May 23, 2017





        
        Partner Content: What is this?Estimated reading time: 5 minute(s)
As Managing Partner of the Life Sciences Fund at Cultivation Capital, Bill Schmidt is currently focused on the venture capital firm’s Life Sciences Fund II. He’s dedicated to helping life sciences entrepreneurs take their companies to the next level–and the good news for founders is, he’s done it himself. We sat down with Schmidt to hear how he got his start as a founder, and now investor, in St. Louis.
How did you start your career?
The career counseling conversation I had with my father was about a minute long.  He said, “Well, you’re really strong in math, science, physics and calculus–why don’t you try electrical engineering?” And that’s what I did. When I graduated from the University of Wisconsin, I went to work using my degree, but I realized I didn’t want to sit by myself eight hours a day doing design work. I wanted to get out and meet people, so I switched to sales of very high tech products.
How did you become so knowledgeable about the business of health care?
A job transfer brought me to St. Louis, and when I moved into an apartment complex here, I met somebody who was from Wisconsin. He was the Regional Manager for United States Surgical, a medical device manufacturer, and they were expanding their sales organization. I thought, “What kind of degree do you need to do this?” And he said, “I think you’d be perfect. You’re smart, and we want smart people who have selling skills.”
I joined them in early 1992. The company introduced minimally invasive surgical instruments–surgical staplers, clip appliers, devices like that. Our intruments were used on the lungs, the intestinal track, the gall bladder, the stomach, you name it. Everything from the thoracic cavity down to the pelvic cavity.
The training was the hardest thing I had ever done. You accepted a position with the company, and about 40% of the people failed training. Exactly one week before you arrived for training,  they sent you a training manual. It was about three and half inches thick–surgical terminology, anatomy, physiology. You had to know everything in that book down cold. On the day you arrived, after a quick meet-and-greet, they handed you a test.  If you received a grade below a 90 on the test they sent you home. For six weeks, if you were awake, you were studying. It was really intense.
When I came out of training, I had absolutely no fear of speaking to any doctor or key opinion leader, because I knew the procedure we were doing, I knew the anatomy, I knew my instrumentation, I knew my competitor’s instrumentation and I knew the surgery about to be performed. There wasn’t a question that anyone in the room could ask me that I wouldn’t be able to answer. I was that confident.
It was an unbelievable company to work for. Over the first four to five years I was there, we went from $200M in sales to $1.3B. It was fantastic growth. I did some things in-house, then came back out into the field. When I left the company in 2001, I managed geography from Chicago to Denver in the field sales organizations.
What led you to entrepreneurship?
After United States Surgical, I had a very brief stint at a company called Catalina Health Resource.  Myself and four other individuals at the company had a better idea and decided to create our own company and compete with them. We formed our own company in October 2003. It was a healthcare IT company that we called LDM Group. We helped pharmaceutical manufacturers drive medication adherence by using technology. We created a software platform that we fully integrated into the dispensing system at retail pharmacies such that as soon as the pharmacist typed in the relevant information into the dispensing system, we would match up patients with specific messages sponsored by the pharmaceutical manufacturer. Typically, we might have disease state information, an 800 number for patient support, or a coupon for $10 off your next prescription. The goal was to engage patients so they would take a more active role in their health care.
Our competitor, our previous employer, had a hardware and a software solution that had to be deployed in every pharmacy. We took advantage of advanced in technology over time, including broadband connectivity into pharmacies. We developed a software only solution. Thus, no hardware had to be deployed–so it was more capital efficient and our database operated in real time. We had superior technology.
When did you know it was the right time to exit?
We sold LDM Group to a private equity firm in late 2014. The company was doing really well, but we were in a regulated industry. At any time the FDA could, if they chose to, shut down patient messaging, which our entire business was based upon. Pharmaceutical medication pricing is a conern for many, including the FDA; you might have a brand spend $100M budget to run TV campaigns and print campaigns. With all the pricing pressure, the FDA could shut down direct-to-consumer messaging and eliminate that spend. So, we felt there was some risk there. Also, our management dynamic was five equal owners in the business. It was time to maybe have a single person running the company. None of the five of us really wanted to relinquish our role, so we just thought, “We’ve attained a certain value that we’re all comfortable with, maybe it’s time to exit.” We wanted to exit in an all cash deal–we were not interested in an earn-out structure on the back end. I’d like to say for every one person where an earn-out worked out well for the founder, there’s probably 19 others in a group of 20 that would say, “I didn’t get quite what I was looking for.”
 How did you get involved with Cultivation Capital?
It couldn’t have been more than a week after I transitioned out of my day-to-day operating role when my wife looked at me and said, “What are you going to do today?” And I said, “I don’t know.”  She pointed to the baseboards in my kitchen and said “You know, why don’t you touch up the baseboards?” And I thought, “Oh my gosh, I have to get out of the house. I can’t do this honey-do list thing.”
Right about the same time I was introduced to Brian Mathews, managing partner of Cultivation Capital’s Tech Fund. He introduced me to Judy Sindecuse, who was running Capital Innovators. Brian and I were both mentors for one of the Capital Innovators cohorts. We mentored different companies, but every Wednesday we were working alongside each other. Late in the program he approached me and said they were thinking of creating a healthcare/life sciences fund, and that they needed a managing partner to serve as the glue, get everything papered and put the team together. After a lot of conversations with each of the Tech Fund partners, I thought it was a really interesting and great opportunity. We’re now coming up on four years for the Life Sciences Fund at Cultivation Capital in June.
What is the most challenging thing about the work?
Talent and capital are the biggest challenges. Most company miss their milestones. They might raise capital, and that capital might provide them 18-24 months of runway. There are certain milestones they need to hit in that time period, which will then allow them to go out for another successful capital raise. Everything seemingly takes twice as long as anyone thinks, which means that now insiders have to bridge the company with additional funding to allow time for the company to progress. We just initiated the Life Science Fund II, and recently made our first investment in a company called NarrativeDx, which we are really excited about.
Tell us about the syndication.
My partners and I learned some things with the first fund. One of the things I’m adamant about on our second fund is we build strong syndicates early. This means we want to put together a strong group of investors early to minimize the financing risk as best we can.  It will put the portfolio company in a much stronger position to build their business as quickly as possible. Thus, if time slips the syndicate is better able to provide additional capital to bridge the gap and get the company to a much larger and successful capital raise.
What is the most rewarding part of what you do at Cultivation Capital?
When I was busy building LDM Group with my partners, we were heads-down, almost with blinders on, and not doing any networking locally. All of our clients were on the East or West coast, and we were just busy building a great company. Through Cultivation Capital, probably by the virtue of the capital raise, I have met so many great, talented, smart people in St. Louis. Many of these people are not only looking to make a nice return in this asset class or get involved in the startup community via investing, but they also care deeply about St. Louis from an economic development and job creation point of view. I think that that’s probably the most rewarding. Additionally, we see a lot of deal flow, which is really interesting. Out of our first 14 portfolio companies, we looked at around 350 companies/opportunities. Seeing what all these companies are working on is just fascinating!
Read Schmidt’s 12 Fundraising Tips for BioTech Startups here.
This story was created in partnership with the organization listed in the label at the top of this post. We work with a curated list of partners we feel are aligned with EQ's mission to raise the visibility of and increase connectivity within St. Louis' startup ecosystem. Read more about partner content here. 

 
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR




 Arch Grants 

Arch Grants’ New Executive Director on Why Startups Should Choose St. Louis 

 



 Cultivation Capital 

Cultivation Capital’s Rick Ryan on Trends in Life Science Innovation 

 



 BioSTL 

The Agile Mission of BioGenerator’s Grants Program 

 




 St Louis Economic Development Partnership 

Israeli AgTech Startup Kaiima is Blooming in St. Louis 

 



 News 

Greetabl Raises $1.5M Funding Round to Expand Platform and Break into New Markets 

 



 News 

The Whether powered by Better Weekdays Receives $200,000 from Helix Fund 

  




Subscribe 





Get EQ stories in your inbox.

Email Address 



Newsletter Subscriptions 
Daily Digest
Weekly Digest





 








Premium Sponsors



















 
 
Upcoming Events





				Fri			
28



Square One (SQ1) Boot camp 2017


July 15 @ 12:00 am - August 15 @ 11:30 pm 



St Louis
1

United States 

 






				Fri			
28



Square One (SQ1) Boot camp 2017


July 15 @ 12:00 am - August 15 @ 11:30 pm 



St Louis
1
 

 






				Fri			
28



Square One (SQ1) Boot camp 2017


July 15 @ 12:00 am - August 15 @ 11:30 pm 



St Louis
1

United States 

 






				Fri			
28



National Urban League Hackathon For Social Justice


July 28 @ 8:00 am - 7:00 pm 


 






				Fri			
28



National Urban League Hackathon For Social Justice


July 28 @ 8:00 am - July 29 @ 3:00 pm 



St. Louis
1

United States 

 



			View More…		

 
 
Popular Stories



 Downtown STL 
5 Downtown St. Louis Developments To Get Excited About Right Now


 



 Resources 
The Coworking Guide to St. Louis


 



 Print Issue 
St. Louis Startup Ecosystem Map


 



 Topics 
Downtown STL’s New President And CEO Missy Kelley On What Downtown...


 



 Diversity & Inclusion 
St. Louis Wins National Competition to Address Racial and Gender Equity...


 



 T-REX 
The Normal Brand is Making Life in the Middle Look Good


   
 

 
 
 

Our Partners


























































































 

















ABOUT USEQ is an publication focused on telling the story of St. Louis' tech startup ecosystem and the people behind it. Launched in 2015.Contact us: editors@eqstl.comFOLLOW US 








Submit A Story
Contribute
Contact
Where To Find EQ
 

                    © Copyright 2016. All Rights Reserved                





 


MORE STORIES




Meet Tim Stern: General Partner of Cultivation Capital 
Cultivation Capital November 29, 2016 

 








 














