










 




	Dennis C. Cuneo - BorgWarner








 


























Home


Company


Locations


Leadership


Social Responsibility


History




Technologies


Combustion


Hybrid


Electric


Light Vehicles


Commercial Vehicles




Aftermarket


News & Media


Press Releases


Media Center


Awards


Event Calendar


The Indianapolis 500




Investors


SEC Filings


Shareholder Services


Annual Reports


Stock Information


Corporate Governance




Careers


Working At BorgWarner


Our Culture


Our Benefits




Suppliers


Potential Suppliers


Access Request Form


Supplier Terms


Existing Suppliers




Contact













 
 


 
































Dennis C. Cuneo
Partner Fisher & Phillips LLP









Mr. Cuneo has been an attorney with Fisher & Phillips LLP since July 1, 2010, serving as Partner of the firm’s Washington DC office, after having been with Arent Fox LLP since November 2006. He also operates his own consulting firm, DC Strategic Advisors LLC., which provides strategic business advice to companies in the auto industry and other industries. He was Senior Vice President of Toyota North America, Inc. from 2000 to 2006; Corporate Secretary and Chief Environmental Officer of Toyota Motor North America Inc. from 2004 to 2006, and Senior Vice President of Toyota Motor Manufacturing North America from 2001 to 2006. Mr. Cuneo was formerly Board Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Cincinnati branch and is on the boards of the Center for Automotive Research, and SSOE, a privately held engineering and construction management firm. Mr. Cuneo is also a director of AK Steel Holding Corporation.






Mr. Cuneo brings experience in, and understanding of, the automotive industry and its trends. Mr. Cuneo is a former senior executive and officer at Toyota Motor North America, Inc. and Toyota Motor Manufacturing North America. Mr. Cuneo’s Toyota career spanned more than 22 years, during which he was responsible for legal affairs, administration, public relations, investor relations, environmental affairs, corporate advertising, government relations, philanthropy, planning, research and Toyota’s Latin America Research Group. Mr. Cuneo also provides a legal perspective on issues facing the board and the Company with respect to board oversight areas, corporate governance and regulatory matters.









Back to Leadership Overview


















Dennis Cuneo's Professional Experience








Skip to Content



Dennis CuneoStrategic Business Advisor.






Experience
Boards
Site Selection Experience
Speaking Engagements
Education & Honors
Contact







Professional Experience
Dennis Cuneo was formerly senior vice president of Toyota Motor North America, where he was in charge of accounting, corporate advertising, corporate communications, human resources, investor relations, industry & government 
                  relations, information systems, legal, strategic planning, and the Latin American research group. He also served as the company's corporate secretary and chief environmental officer, and was its chief spokesperson.

                  After retiring from Toyota in October 2006, he formed DC Strategic Advisors, LLC. He is also the Managing  Partner of the Washington, D.C. office of Fisher & Phillips LLP, a leading national labor and employment law firm .

                  As one of Toyota's earliest American executives, Dennis played a key role in the 
                  launch of the company's manufacturing operations in the United States. He was part 
                  of the senior management team that started-up   Toyota's first assembly plant in Americai in 1984. He was named vice president of Toyota's newly created North American manufacturing headquarters in 1996.

                  He was promoted to senior vice president in 2001, and played a key role in developing and implementing Toyota's strategy to increase its manufacturing footprint in North America. He led site selection for Toyota and several of its affiliated companies, which included numerous new facilities and expansions throughout North America.

                In 2003, he was named as senior vice president of Toyota Motor North America in Manhattan, the holding company for Toyota's North American operations, where he was the ranking American executive. He held that position until he retired from Toyota in late 2006. Prior to joining Toyota, Dennis was an attorney with Arent Fox and a 
                trial attorney in the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice.
                

Click here for more information on Dennis Cuneo.











Copyright 2012  Dennis Cuneo, all rights reserved.






Dennis Cuneo








Skip to Content



Dennis Cuneo
Strategic Busine Advisor.        	
 
 
 
 
bbb













Dennis Cuneo provides strategic business advice and site selection services. He served as Senior Vice President of Toyota North America, playing a key role in the launch of manufacturing operations and site selection throughout North America. In 2006, Mr. Cuneo retired from Toyota and now heads his own consulting firm.






Experience
Boards
Site Selection Experience
Speaking Engagements
Education & Honors
Contact






Dennis Cuneo was formerly a senior vice president with Toyota, where he played a key role in the launch of the company’s manufacturing operations in North America. Upon retiring from Toyota in 2006, he started his own consulting firm, DC Strategic Advisors LLC, which provides strategic business advice and site selection services to corporations and economic development agencies.
Dennis sits on the Boards of two Fortune 500 companies and a privately held engineering and construction management firm.  He serves as an advisor to several Silicon Valley high tech firms, and is the managing partner of the Washington DC office of Fisher & Phillips LLP.
Recent Consulting Projects

Advised a      European company of the start-up of a $900,000,000 manufacturing facility      in the U.S


Worked with a 2      state economic development group to develop a regional strategy for      developing a mega-site.


Advised      an auto parts company seeking sites for new manufacturing facilities.


Worked with      several high tech firms scaling up production in solar, bio-fuels,      bio-products and nano-technology.

 



Copyright 2012  Dennis Cuneo, all rights reserved.







BWA Dennis C. Cuneo Insider Trades for BorgWarner Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































BorgWarner Inc.

                  NYSE: BWA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

BorgWarner Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 4:26 p.m.


BWA

/quotes/zigman/131196/composite


$
47.02




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 33,051
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/131196/composite
Previous close

$
			45.86
		


$
				47.02
			
Change

+1.16
+2.53%





Day low
Day high
$46.43
$48.03










52 week low
52 week high

            $31.49
        

            $48.03
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Dennis C. Cuneo



Mr. Dennis C. Cuneo is Partner & Attorney at Fisher & Phillips LLP, Independent Director at BorgWarner, Inc., Independent Director at AK Steel Holding Corp., and President at DC Strategic Advisors LLC. He is on the Board of Directors at SSOE, Inc., Center for Automotive Research, Inc., BorgWarner, Inc., AK Steel Holding Corp., Loyola University of Chicago, Kettering University, National Stock Exchange, Inc., Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology, Inc., Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, and AK Steel Corp.
Mr. Cuneo was previously employed as Chairman by Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Senior Vice President by Toyota Motor Manufacturing North America, Inc., and Secretary & Chief Environmental Officer by Toyota Motor North America, Inc. He also served on the board at Marsh & McLennan Cos., Inc. and National Association of Manufacturers.
He received his undergraduate degree from Gannon University, a graduate degree from the Loyola University of Chicago, and an MBA from Kent State University (Ohio).



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/13/2017
1,000


 
Disposition at $44.06 per share.


44,060


04/26/2017
2,991


 
Award at $41.12 per share.


122,989


11/14/2016
10,000


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


11/14/2016
10,000


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


05/27/2016
2,500


 
Disposition at $33.53 per share.


83,825


04/27/2016
3,131


 
Award at $39.28 per share.


122,985


04/29/2015
1,887


 
Award at $60.95 per share.


115,012


03/12/2015
1,000


 
Disposition at $58.99 per share.


58,990


04/30/2014
1,873


 
Award at $61.4 per share.


115,002


04/24/2013
1,414


 
Award at $74.28 per share.


105,031





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Alexis Platon Michas 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. James R. Verrier 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Ronald T. Hundzinski 
CFO, Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Mr. Jamal M. Farhat 
Chief Information Officer & Vice President




Mr. Christopher P. Thomas 
Chief Technology Officer & Vice President




Mr. Brady D. Ericson 
Chief Strategy Officer & Vice President




Dr. Stefan  Demmerle 
Vice President




Mr. Christopher H. Vance 
VP-Business Development, Mergers & Acquisitions




Mr. Joseph F. Fadool 
Vice President




Ms. Laurene H. Horiszny 
Chief Compliance Officer & Vice President




Mr. Robin  Kendrick 
Vice President




Mr. Frederic B. Lissalde 
Vice President




Mr. Roger A. Krone 
Director




Mr. Michael S. Hanley 
Director




Mr. Thomas J. McGill 
Treasurer & Vice President




Mr. Scott D. Gallett 
VP-Marketing, Public Relations & Communications




Mr. Daryl J. Gingell 
Vice President-Internal Audit




Mr. Anthony D. Hensel 
Vice President & Controller




Mr. David  Hasson 
Vice President-Tax




Mr. Katya  Pruett 
Head-Media Contact




Mr. Patrick  Nolan 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Tonit M. Calaway 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Vice President




Mr. John J. Gasparovic 
Secretary, Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. John Rettie McKernan 
Independent Director




Dr. Vicki L.  Sato 
Independent Director




Mr. Dennis C. Cuneo 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard O. Schaum 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas T. Stallkamp 
Independent Director




Mr. Jan  Carlson 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




7:01 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:00aHow to curb your social media addiction 
7:00aA Bright Picture for Netflix
7:00aEuropean stocks drop to 3-month low as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
6:59aMerck profit and sales rise, beat expectations amid big jump in Keytruda sales
6:59aA.O. Smith’s bet on China’s air-pollution problem is paying off
6:58aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
6:58aFoxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
6:58aHigh Times is going public through a deal with a blank-check company — and here’s what that means
6:57aIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
6:56aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
6:51aMerck Q2 Januvia/Janumet revenue $1.51 bln vs. $1.63 bln; FactSet consensus $1.62 bln
6:50aMerck Q2 Keytruda sales $881 mln vs. $314 mln a year ago; FactSet consensus $787.5 mln
6:49aMerck raises 2017 revenue outlook to $39.4 bln-$40.4 bln from $39.1 bln-$40.3 bln
6:48aMerck affirms 2017 adj. EPS outlook of $3.76-$3.88
6:47aMerck Q2 revenue $9.93 bln vs. $9.84 bln; FactSet consensus $9.75 bln
6:47aMerck Q2 adj. EPS $1.01; FactSet consensus 87 cents
6:46aMerck Q2 EPS 71 cents vs. 43 cents a year ago
6:36aRussia retaliates to new sanctions by telling U.S. to cut diplomats
6:34aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
6:31aThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Dennis Cuneo's Education








Skip to Content



Dennis CuneoStrategic Business Advisor.






Experience
Boards
Site Selection Experience
Speaking Engagements
Education & Honors
Contact







Education

JD, Loyola      University, New Orleans, LA.  Graduated 4th in the class.  Law Review. 
MBA, Kent      State University, Kent, OH.  Beta Gamma Sigma 
BS, Gannon      University, Erie PA. 

Honors

Doctor of      Humane Letters, Rose Hulman Institute of      Technology (2006)
Top 100      Men Impacting Supplier Diversity, Minority      Business Magazine (2006)
Top 10 People Who      Made of Difference in Economic Development in the South, Southern Business & Development (2004,2006 & 2011)
Westheimer      Medallion Award, 100th Anniversary Big Brothers Big      Sisters of Cincinnati (2003) 
Neil      McElroy Award for Campaign Leadership, Greater      Cincinnati United Way (2003)
Human      Relations Award, American Jewish Council,      Cincinnati Chapter (2002)
Campaign      Volunteer of the Year, Alameda County United Way (1995)
Special      Commendation for Outstanding Service, U.S.      Department of Justice (1979) 


Click here to learn more about Dennis Cuneo's civic engagement.












Copyright 2012  Dennis Cuneo, all rights reserved.






Dennis Cuneo's Board Appointments








Skip to Content



Dennis CuneoStrategic Business Advisor.






Experience
Boards
Site Selection Experience
Speaking Engagements
Education & Honors
Contact







Dennis Cuneo's Board Appointments
Dennis currently serves on the Boards of AK Steel Holding Corporation (NYSE), BorgWarner Inc. (NYSE), and the Center for Automotive Research. .

                  He serves on the Board of Loyola University in New Orleans, and is a member of the Visiting Committee of the University of Chicago's Physical Sciences Division.

                  Dennis previously served as Chair of the Cincinnati Branch of the Federal Reserve of Cleveland, and was a member of the executive committee of the National Association of Manufacturers, where he also chaired the Human Resources Policy Group.
Gubernatorial Appointments
Dennis has held three gubernatorial appointments. In 2008, Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour appointed him to the Advisory Committee of the Center For Manufacturing Excellence at Ole Miss. In 2003, Kentucky Governor Paul Patton appointed him as Chair of the Early Childhood Business Council of the State of Kentucky. In 1996, California Governor Pete Wilson appointed him as Chair of the California Statewide Pupil Assessment Panel.
 











Copyright 2012  Dennis Cuneo, all rights reserved.






Dennis Cuneo's Representative Speaking Engagements








Skip to Content



Dennis CuneoStrategic Business Advisor.






Experience
Boards
Site Selection Experience
Speaking Engagements
Education & Honors
Contact







Recent Speaking Engagements / Publications

Southern Automotive Conference, Emergence of the Southern Auto Industry (Panelist) Chattanooga, Tennessee (October 2012)
Southwest Economic Development Forum, Future Outlook of the Automotive Industry, Lubbock, Texas (September 2012)
Area Development, The Automotive Forum: The Future of the Auto Industry (Moderator) (April 2012)
Tennessee Economic Development Council, The Road Ahead For Auto Manufacturing (April 2012)
Ohio Governor’s Energy & Economic Development Summit, Ohio’s Transportation Manufacturing Industry (September 2011)
Area Development, Consultants Forum, Cleantech and Economic Development Opportunities New Orleans (June 2011)
Area Development, Renewable Energy Forum, Cleantech: The View From Silicon Valley  (April 2011) 
U.S. China Chamber of Commerce, US-China Auto Conference (Moderator, CEO Panel) (June 2010)  
Original Equipment Suppliers Association, A New Chapter: Restructuring the Auto Industry (June 2009)
Center For Automotive Research, Summit on the Changing Automobile Industry (April 2009)
Southeast U.S./ Japan Association, Investment Opportunities in Japan and Southeastern U.S. (2008)
Appalachian Regional Commission, Tomorrow’s Workforce Strategies for Appalachia’s Future (2008)
Chicago Asia Pacific Group, Toyota- From Importer To American Manufacturing Giant (2008)
U.S. China Chamber of Commerce, U.S- China -Japan Automotive Conference (Moderator) (2008)
US Southeast/ Japan Association, Economic Development Strategies For the South (2008)
US Department of Commerce, Symposium for 21st Century Economic Development (2006)
Louisiana Governor’s Conference on Economic Development, Future of the Auto Industry and Implications For the South (2007)
Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, Supplier Industry in Transition (2006)
Mississippi Economic Council Annual Meeting, Toyota: From Textiles to Cars (2006)
Federal Reserve System, “Trailblazers” Leadership Training Program (2005 & 2003)
Brookings Institution, Energy Security Roundtable (Panelist) (2005)
NYU & Resources for the Future, Autos, Energy and the Environment (2005)
West Virginia Business Summit, Impact of Globalization and the Environment on Economic Development (2005)

Recent Publications


Site Selection for Auto Suppliers: Keeping the Whole Picture in Mind, Area Development Automotive Site Guide, 2012            

Southern Business & Development, Green Solutions For Red States (Winter 2012)   

Expansion Solutions Magazine, The Resurgence of the Auto Industry and Economic Development Opportunities, (March/April 2012)  

 










Copyright 2012  Dennis Cuneo, all rights reserved.






Dennis Cuneo's Professional Experience








Skip to Content



Dennis CuneoStrategic Business Advisor.






Experience
Boards
Site Selection Experience
Speaking Engagements
Education & Honors
Contact







Professional Experience
Dennis Cuneo was formerly senior vice president of Toyota Motor North America, where he was in charge of accounting, corporate advertising, corporate communications, human resources, investor relations, industry & government 
                  relations, information systems, legal, strategic planning, and the Latin American research group. He also served as the company's corporate secretary and chief environmental officer, and was its chief spokesperson.

                  After retiring from Toyota in October 2006, he formed DC Strategic Advisors, LLC. He is also the Managing  Partner of the Washington, D.C. office of Fisher & Phillips LLP, a leading national labor and employment law firm .

                  As one of Toyota's earliest American executives, Dennis played a key role in the 
                  launch of the company's manufacturing operations in the United States. He was part 
                  of the senior management team that started-up   Toyota's first assembly plant in Americai in 1984. He was named vice president of Toyota's newly created North American manufacturing headquarters in 1996.

                  He was promoted to senior vice president in 2001, and played a key role in developing and implementing Toyota's strategy to increase its manufacturing footprint in North America. He led site selection for Toyota and several of its affiliated companies, which included numerous new facilities and expansions throughout North America.

                In 2003, he was named as senior vice president of Toyota Motor North America in Manhattan, the holding company for Toyota's North American operations, where he was the ranking American executive. He held that position until he retired from Toyota in late 2006. Prior to joining Toyota, Dennis was an attorney with Arent Fox and a 
                trial attorney in the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice.
                

Click here for more information on Dennis Cuneo.











Copyright 2012  Dennis Cuneo, all rights reserved.






Contact Dennis Cuneo







Skip to Content



Dennis CuneoStrategic Business Advisor.






Experience
Boards
Site Selection Experience
Speaking Engagements
Education & Honors
Contact







Contact Dennis Cuneo  
E-mail
dennis.cuneo@gmail.com
                dcuneo@laborlawyers.com
 
Additional Information:
LinkedIn profile
New York Times Deal Book Profile
Site Selection Magazine Profile
Southern Business & Development Profile



 











Copyright 2012  Dennis Cuneo, all rights reserved.






Dennis C. Cuneo: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:01 AM ET

Company Overview of Fisher & Phillips LLP



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Dennis C. Cuneo  Partner, Fisher & Phillips LLPAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships67--
Background

		Mr. Dennis C. Cuneo has been a Partner, Washington DC office of Fisher & Phillips LLP since 2010. Mr. Cuneo serves as the President of DC Strategic Advisors, LLC. He was an Attorney of Arent Fox LLP from November 1, 2006 to 2010. He served as a Senior Vice President of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. from 2000 to 2006. He was the second highest-ranking executive of Toyota's Holding Company for its North American operations which he managed for 10 years. He was one of ... Toyota's first American executives and played a key role in the launch of its manufacturing operations in North America. His Toyota career spanned more than 22 years, during which he was responsible for legal affairs, administration, public relations, investor relations, environmental affairs, corporate advertising, government relations, philanthropy, planning, research and Toyota’s Latin America Research Group. He served as the Chief Environmental Officer and Corporate Secretary of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. from 2004 to 2006. He served as Senior Vice President of Toyota Motor Manufacturing North America from 2001 to 2006. Prior to his 22-year career with Toyota, he also worked as an Associate at Arent Fox. He served as an Attorney with the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice. He held gubernatorial appointments in California and Kentucky and served as Chairman of the Federal Reserve branch in Cincinnati from 2003 to 2004. He has been a Director of BorgWarner Inc. since February 2009. He has been an Independent Director of AK Steel Holding Corporation since January 21, 2008. He serves as a Director of AK Steel Corporation. He serves as Outside Director at SSOE, Inc. and Center for Automotive Research. He serves as a Director of Loyola University, Kettering University,Visiting Committee of the Physical Sciences Division of the University of Chicago. He serves on the Advisory Boards of View Inc. and UIEvolution. He served as a Director of National Stock Exchange, Inc. since January 17, 2007. He was Chair of the human resources group and a Member of the executive committee of the National Association of Manufacturers. He was a Member of the start-up team for Toyota's North American manufacturing headquarters in Erlanger, Kentucky. In 2006, he was named as one of the top "100 Men Impacting Supplier Diversity" by Minority Business News USA magazine. He was also awarded an Honorary Doctorate from Rose Hulman Institute of Technology. He is a licensed attorney. He has a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration degree from Gannon College, Master of Business Administration degree from Kent State University; Juris Doctor degree from Loyola University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2300 SunTrust Financial CentreTampa, Florida 33602United StatesPhone: 813-769-7500Fax: 813-769-7501
Board Members Memberships
DirectorAK Steel CorporationOutside DirectorSSOE, Inc.2008-PresentIndependent DirectorAK Steel Holding Corporation2009-PresentDirectorBorgWarner Inc.
Education
JD Loyola University ChicagoHonorary Doctorate Rose-Hulman Institute of TechnologyMBA Kent State UniversityBSBA Gannon University
Other Affiliations
BorgWarner Inc.AK Steel Holding CorporationAK Steel CorporationLoyola University ChicagoNYSE National, Inc.Rose-Hulman Institute of TechnologyToyota Motor North America, Inc.Kent State UniversityGannon UniversitySSOE, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fisher & Phillips LLP, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	Dennis C. Cuneo Named to AK Steel's Board of Directors | AK Steel

























AKSteel


Search







COMPANY

CORPORATE PROFILE
VISION AND MISSION
KEY VALUES
AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS 
ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
AK Coal Resources, Inc.




MARKETS AND PRODUCTS

carbon steels
stainless steels
electrical steels
AK Tube LLC
agion® antimicrobial coated steels
Surcharges
Carbon price list
stainless price list
Conditions of Sale



FACILITIES

ASHLAND WORKS
BUTLER WORKS
COSHOCTON WORKS
DEARBORN WORKS
MANSFIELD WORKS
MIDDLETOWN WORKS
ROCKPORT WORKS
ZANESVILLE WORKS
RESEARCH AND TECHNICAL SERVICES
ISO/TS 16949 & ISO 9001
ISO 14001



INVESTORS

MESSAGE TO INVESTORS
NEWS
STOCK QUOTE CHART
ANNUAL REPORTS & PROXIES
SEC FILINGS
INVESTOR PRESENTATIONS
EVENTS



GOVERNANCE


CAREERS

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES
DIVERSITY



NEWS


DOING BUSINESS

Primary and Secondary Sales
OUTSIDE PROCESSORS
SUPPLIER DIVERSITY
Supplier Requirements Manual
Request a Quote
Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Materials and Products Saftey
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act



CONTACT US

CONTACT US
Retirees






HOME
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003


Contact Information:
Media ContactLisa H. Jester Corporate Manager, Communications and Public Relations513-425-2510
Investor and Analyst ContactsJaime Vasquez Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 513-425-2697 
Christopher J. RossTreasurer513-425-2249
Douglas O. MitterholzerGeneral Manager, Investor Relations and  Assistant Treasurer513-425-5215



Dennis C. Cuneo Named to AK Steel's Board of Directors



West Chester, OH, January 21, 2008—AK Steel (NYSE: AKS) said today that Dennis C. Cuneo has been elected to its board of directors, effective January 21, 2008.  Mr. Cuneo is an attorney with the law firm Arent Fox in Washington, D.C, and was formerly senior vice president for Toyota Motor North America in New York. 
"Dennis Cuneo brings a strong manufacturing and varied business background to AK Steel's board of directors," said James L. Wainscott, chairman, president and CEO of AK Steel.  "He is a tremendous addition to our board of directors."  
Mr. Cuneo's Toyota career spanned more than 22 years, during which he was responsible for legal affairs, administration, public relations, investor relations, advertising, government relations, philanthropy, planning, research and Toyota's Latin America Group.	As one of Toyota's earliest American executives, he was instrumental in the launch of the company's first assembly plant in the United States, and led Toyota's site selection team for North America for nearly 10 years.  He was also a member of the start-up team for Toyota's North American manufacturing headquarters in Erlanger, Kentucky.  In 2006, Mr. Cuneo was named as one of the top "100 Men Impacting Supplier Diversity" by Minority Business News USA magazine.
Mr. Cuneo holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Gannon College, an MBA from Kent State University and a JD degree from Loyola University.  He was also awarded an honorary doctorate from Rose Hulman Institute of Technology.  Mr. Cuneo was previously the chairman of the Federal Reserve branch in Cincinnati, held gubernatorial appointments in California and Kentucky and was an attorney in the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice. He is a former member of the executive committee, and chair of the human resources group of the National Association of Manufacturers.  He is currently a board member of Loyola University, Visiting Committee of the Physical Sciences Division of the University of Chicago and the National Stock Exchange.
About AK Steel
AK Steel produces flat-rolled carbon, stainless and electrical steels, primarily for automotive, appliance, construction and electrical power generation and distribution markets.  The company employs about 6,500 men and women in Middletown, Mansfield, Coshocton and Zanesville, Ohio; Butler, Pennsylvania; Ashland, Kentucky; Rockport, Indiana; and its corporate headquarters in West Chester, Ohio.  Additional information about AK Steel is available on the company's web site at www.aksteel.com.AK Tube LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of AK Steel, employs about 300 men and women in plants in Walbridge, Ohio and Columbus, Indiana.  AK Tube produces carbon and stainless electric resistance welded (ERW) tubular steel products for truck, automotive and other markets.  Additional information about AK Tube LLC is available on its web site at www.aktube.com.
###






Home
Terms of Use

©2017 AK Steel Corporation. All rights reserved
















Dennis C. Cuneo - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Dennis C. Cuneo
Board Member at AK Steel Holding Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Dennis C. Cuneo? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Dennis C. Cuneo's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Dennis C. Cuneo's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Dennis C. Cuneo's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Dennis C. Cuneo through your network of contacts.
												








Dennis C. Cuneo's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
BorgWarner Inc.


Board Member, 
AK Steel Holding Corporation


Past
To view Dennis C. Cuneo's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
67

 
 


Dennis C. Cuneo's Biography



Served as an attorney at Arent Fox LLP from 2006 to 2010; Senior Vice President of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. from 2000 to 2006; Corporate Secretary and Chief Environmental Officer of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. from 2004 to 2006; and Senior Vice President of Toyota Motor Manufacturing North America from 2001 to 2006.

Other Information: Serves on the boards of directors for the Center for Automotive Research and SSOE Group. Serves on the Board of Trustees for Loyola University in New Orleans. Served as Board Chairman of the Cincinnati Branch of the Federal Reserve from 2003 to 2004. Former member of the executive committee and c ...
(Read More)

			Served as an attorney at Arent Fox LLP from 2006 to 2010; Senior Vice President of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. from 2000 to 2006; Corporate Secretary and Chief Environmental Officer of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. from 2004 to 2006; and Senior Vice President of Toyota Motor Manufacturing North America from 2001 to 2006.

Other Information: Serves on the boards of directors for the Center for Automotive Research and SSOE Group. Serves on the Board of Trustees for Loyola University in New Orleans. Served as Board Chairman of the Cincinnati Branch of the Federal Reserve from 2003 to 2004. Former member of the executive committee and chair of the human resources group of the National Association of Manufacturers. Previous gubernatorial appointments in California, Kentucky, and Mississippi. Serves on the Advisory Board of View Inc.

Mr. Cuneo brings a wealth of experience in, and a deep understanding of, the automotive industry, our most significant product market and a focus of our corporate strategy. Mr. Cuneo is a former senior executive and officer at Toyota Motor North America, Inc. and Toyota Motor Manufacturing North America. Mr. Cuneo's Toyota career spanned more than 22 years, during which he was responsible for legal affairs, administration, public relations, investor relations, environmental affairs, corporate advertising, government relations, philanthropy, planning, research and Toyota's Latin America Research Group. As one of Toyota's earliest American manufacturing executives, he was instrumental in the launch of the company's manufacturing operations in North America, and led Toyota's site selection team for North America for over 10 years. He continues to consult in the automotive industry, and sits on the Boards of BorgWarner Inc., a publicly-traded automotive supplier, and the Center for Automotive Research, a leading auto industry think tank. Thus, he not only brings to the Board his knowledge of the automotive industry and its trends, he also contributes significantly to its expertise and experience in a broad range of Board oversight areas. Mr. Cuneo also is a licensed attorney, so he is able to provide a legal perspective on issues facing the Board and our company, particularly with respect to corporate governance and regulatory matters.
		
Source: AK Steel Holding Corporation on 04/10/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Dennis C. Cuneo's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Dennis C. Cuneo. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Dennis C. Cuneo's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Dennis C. Cuneo's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Dennis C. Cuneo through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Dennis C. Cuneo


















Dennis C. Cuneo's Connections (280)





Sign up now to view Dennis C. Cuneo's 280 connections »









Thomas T. Stallkamp
Board Member, Baxter International Inc.









Ernest J. Novak
Board Member, A. Schulman









Michael J. Burns
Board Member, United Parcel Service, Inc.









Richard O. Schaum
Board Member, BorgWarner Inc.









Bonnie G. Hill
Board Member, California Water Service Group









Phyllis O. Bonanno
Former Board Member, BorgWarner Inc.









Robert C. Kagle
Former Board Member, ZipRealty Inc.









John J. Gasparovic
EVP, Chief Legal Officer & Sec, BorgWarner Inc.









Brady D. Ericson
Vice President; President and General Manager, BorgWarner Emissions Systems LLC, BorgWarner Inc.









Robin Kendrick
Vice President; President and General Manager, BorgWarner Transmissions Systems Inc., BorgWarner Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Dennis Cuneo, Washington D.C. labor and employment attorney at Fisher Phillips
















Main Menu





Dennis
C.
Cuneo

Regional Managing Partner, 
				Washington, D.C.Partner, 
				New Orleans

Email
vCard
Print PDF




				Washington, D.C.t: 703.682.7096



				New Orleanst: 504.522.3303f: 504.529.3850






Overview
Dennis Cuneo is managing partner of the Washington, D.C. office and a partner in the New Orleans office. He has extensive corporate, government and labor relations experience. 
Prior to joining the firm, Dennis was the senior vice president of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. where his responsibilities included oversight of legal, government affairs, public affairs, industry relations, administration, human resources, and strategic planning and research.
He was a member of the management team that started New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc. (NUMMI) – Toyota's first assembly plant in North America. He also helped establish Toyota's North American manufacturing headquarters.
While at NUMMI, he presented several case studies on cooperative labor relations, including a conference sponsored by the International Labor Organization in Turin, Italy, and conferences sponsored by MIT's International Motor Vehicle Program in Beijing and Berlin.
Dennis chaired the California Worksite Research Committee, a joint undertaking of the State of California, UCLA, the California Manufacturers Association and organized labor, which studied high and low performance workplaces and made policy recommendations to the California Legislature.
As a member of the Board of the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM), Dennis chaired NAM's Human Resources Policy Group, which shaped NAM's legislative and regulatory strategies on issues such as labor relations, employment, OSHA, healthcare and employee benefits.
Dennis was named one of the "Top Ten People Who Made a Difference in the South" by Southern Business & Development Magazine.



Honors & Leadership
Professional Activities
Held gubernatorial appointments in California, Kentucky and Mississippi
Served as Board Chair of the Cincinnati Branch of the Federal Reserve
In 2008, he was appointed to the 22 member National Advisory Commission on Workplace Flexibility, a bipartisan initiative sponsored by the Sloan Foundation, which developed consensus-based public policy recommendations for workplace flexibility.
Serves on the boards of two publicly traded corporations and three universities
Senior advisor to three Silicon Valley venture backed firms
Senior advisor to the U.S.-China Chamber of Commerce and has helped organize three conferences on inbound Chinese investment




Insights

News


Volkswagen Workers Kick Against Union Representation2.17.14
Volkswagen Tennessee Workers To Vote On UAW Feb. 12-142.3.14
Southern Auto Industry Wary Of Mexican Competition10.10.12
Managing Partner of Fisher Phillips Washington D.C. Office Named to ‘Top Ten People Who Made a Difference in the South'5.17.11
States Use Tax Breaks in War for Jobs5.4.11



Seminars & Speaking Engagements


Southern Automotive Conference - Birmingham, AL10.10.14
Southern Economic Development Council Spring Meeting - Atlanta, GA4.3.13
The Road Ahead for US Automotive Manufacturing – Brosnan Forest, SC1.24.12
Ohio Transportation Manufacturing Industry – Columbus, OH9.22.11
Partner Dennis Cuneo Featured Speaker at Mississippi Event – Belden, MS8.11.11
How Does a Community Attract New Investment – Dearborn, MI3.30.11
‘Invest Here' Toolkit for Lt. Governors – Washington, D.C.3.24.11
Attracting High Tech Investment – Richmond, VA3.10.11



Articles


Location Notebook: Tesla's "Gigafactory" - Reno's Game Changer9.21.14



Newsletter Articles


Feds Target HR Professionals For Criminal Violations Of Antitrust Laws12.2.16








Practices


Government Relations
Automotive Manufacturing



Education


Loyola University New Orleans School of LawJ.D.
Kent State UniversityM.B.A.
Gannon UniversityB.S.



Bar Admissions


District of Columbia







Back to Page







Share

Subscribe

FMLA App
					


Home
Contact Us
Legal Notices
Privacy
Site Map
© 2017 Fisher & Phillips LLP
Branding by Fishman Marketing
Site by Firmseek

On The Front Lines of Workplace LawTM











BorgWarner (NYSE:BWA) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































BorgWarner Company Profile (NYSE:BWA)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About BorgWarner (NYSE:BWA)
BorgWarner Inc. is engaged in providing technology solutions for combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. The Company's segments include Engine and Drivetrain. The Engine segment's products include turbochargers, timing devices and chains, emissions systems and thermal systems. The Engine segment develops and manufactures products for gasoline and diesel engines, and alternative powertrains. The Drivetrain segment's products include transmission components and systems, all-wheel drive (AWD) torque transfer systems and rotating electrical devices. The Company's products are manufactured and sold across the world, primarily to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of light vehicles (passenger cars, sport-utility vehicles (SUVs), vans and light trucks). The Company's products are also sold to other OEMs of commercial vehicles (medium-duty trucks, heavy-duty trucks and buses) and off-highway vehicles (agricultural and construction machinery and marine applications. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Auto/Tires/Trucks
Industry: Auto, Truck & Motorcycle Parts - NEC
Sub-Industry: Auto Parts & Equipment
Symbol: NYSE:BWA
CUSIP: 09972410
Web: www.borgwarner.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $9.73239 billionOutstanding Shares: 212,219,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $43.70200 Day Moving Avg: $41.8352 Week Range: $31.49 - $48.03


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 69.97Foreward P/E Ratio: 12.34P/E Growth: 2.06Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $9.21 billionPrice / Sales: 1.08Book Value: $16.04 per sharePrice / Book: 2.93Dividend:Annual Dividend: $0.56Dividend Yield: 1.2%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $1.54 billionNet Margins: 1.56%Return on Equity: 20.10%Return on Assets: 8.02%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.59%Current Ratio: 1.44%Quick Ratio: 1.14%Misc:Average Volume: 2.00 million shs.Beta: 1.72Short Ratio: 6.67

 

Frequently Asked Questions for BorgWarner (NYSE:BWA)
What is BorgWarner's stock symbol?

BorgWarner trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "BWA."



How often does BorgWarner pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for BorgWarner?

BorgWarner announced a quarterly dividend on Thursday, July 27th. Shareholders of record on Friday, September 1st will be given a dividend of $0.14 per share on Friday, September 15th. This represents a $0.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.19%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 30th.  View BorgWarner's Dividend History.



How were BorgWarner's earnings last quarter?

BorgWarner Inc. (NYSE:BWA) posted its earnings results on Thursday, July, 27th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.07. The firm earned $2.39 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $2.27 billion. BorgWarner had a return on equity of 20.10% and a net margin of 1.56%. BorgWarner's quarterly revenue was up 2.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.84 EPS.  View BorgWarner's Earnings History.



What guidance has BorgWarner issued on next quarter's earnings?

BorgWarner updated its FY17 earnings guidance on Thursday, July, 27th. The company provided earnings per share guidance of $3.65-3.70 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus estimate of $3.58. The company issued revenue guidance of $9.28-9.38 billion, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $9.11 billion.BorgWarner also updated its Q3 guidance to $0.84-0.87 EPS.



Where is BorgWarner's stock going? Where will BorgWarner's stock price be in 2017?

17 brokers have issued 12 month price objectives for BorgWarner's shares. Their predictions range from $27.00 to $54.00. On average, they anticipate BorgWarner's stock price to reach $40.67 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for BorgWarner.



Who are some of BorgWarner's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to BorgWarner include Magna International (MGA), Lear Corporation (LEA), Autoliv (ALV), GKN plc (GKN), Visteon Corporation (VC), Dana Incorporated (DAN), Tenneco (TEN), Cooper-Standard Holdings (CPS), Gentherm (THRM), Fox Factory Holding Corp. (FOXF), Motorcar Parts of America (MPAA), Superior Industries International (SUP), Stoneridge (SRI), Horizon Global Corporation (HZN), China XD Plastics Company Limited (CXDC), Fenix Parts (FENX), Torotrak plc (TRK) and Harman International Industries (HAR).



Who are BorgWarner's key executives?

BorgWarner's management team includes the folowing people: James R. Verrier, President, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorRonald T. Hundzinski, Chief Financial Officer, Vice PresidentJoel Wiegert, President and General Manager of BorgWarner Ithaca LLCAnthony D. Hensel, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President, ControllerJohn J. Gasparovic, Vice President, General Counsel, SecretaryTonit M. Calaway, Vice President, ControllerThomas J. McGillc, Vice President, TreasurerStefan Demmerle, Vice President; President and General Manager of BorgWarner TorqTransfer Systems IncBrady D. Ericson, Vice President; President and General Manager of BorgWarner BERU Systems and Emissions SystemsJoseph F. Fadool, Vice President, President and General Manager of BorgWarner Emissions Systems LLC and BorgWarner Thermal Systems Inc



Who owns BorgWarner stock?

BorgWarner's stock is owned by a number of of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional shareholders include Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. (4.00%), Alecta Pensionsforsakring Omsesidigt (2.59%), Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC (0.83%), Douglas Lane & Associates LLC (0.65%), APG Asset Management N.V. (0.61%) and DnB Asset Management AS (0.48%). Company insiders that own BorgWarner stock include Alexis P Michas, Brady D Ericson, Dennis C Cuneo, Ronald T Hundzinski, Steven G Carlson and Thomas J Mcgill. View Institutional Ownership Trends for BorgWarner.



Who sold BorgWarner stock? Who is selling BorgWarner stock?

BorgWarner's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Alecta Pensionsforsakring Omsesidigt, Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd, Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC, Douglas Lane & Associates LLC, Hermes Investment Management Ltd., Reinhart Partners Inc., Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS and Russell Investments Group Ltd.. Company insiders that have sold BorgWarner stock in the last year include Alexis P Michas, Brady D Ericson, Dennis C Cuneo, Ronald T Hundzinski and Thomas J Mcgill. View Insider Buying and Selling for BorgWarner.



Who bought BorgWarner stock? Who is buying BorgWarner stock?

BorgWarner's stock was acquired by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Strs Ohio, PGGM Investments, APG Asset Management N.V., Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc., Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V., Fox Run Management L.L.C. and Acadian Asset Management LLC.  View Insider Buying and Selling for BorgWarner.



How do I buy BorgWarner stock? 

Shares of BorgWarner can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is BorgWarner's stock price today?

One share of BorgWarner stock can currently be purchased for approximately $47.02.


MarketBeat Community Rating for BorgWarner (NYSE BWA)Community Ranking:  2.3 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  346 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  391 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  737MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about BorgWarner and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for BorgWarner (NYSE:BWA) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 3 Sell Ratings, 10 Hold Ratings, 4 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.06)Consensus Price Target: $40.67 (13.51% downside)

Analysts' Ratings History for BorgWarner (NYSE:BWA)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/12/2017Royal Bank Of CanadaReiterated RatingHold$44.00Low7/4/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$48.00Low6/22/2017CLSAInitiated CoverageHold$45.00Medium6/21/2017GuggenheimInitiated CoverageNeutral -> Neutral$45.00Low6/16/2017Bank of America CorporationReiterated RatingUnderperform$30.00 -> $27.00Low6/9/2017Morgan StanleyLower Price TargetUnderweight$34.00 -> $32.00Low5/31/2017Deutsche Bank AGReiterated RatingBuy$54.00Medium5/1/2017BMO Capital MarketsBoost Price TargetOutperform$48.00 -> $50.00Low2/10/2017Barclays PLCBoost Price TargetEqual Weight$36.00 -> $39.00N/A1/4/2017Evercore ISIDowngradeBuy -> Hold$38.00 -> $42.00N/A12/19/2016Wells Fargo & CompanyDowngradeOutperform -> Market Perform$42.00N/A12/13/2016Northcoast ResearchDowngradeBuy -> NeutralN/A11/22/2016Berenberg BankInitiated CoverageSell$28.00N/A10/6/2016Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)DowngradeBuy -> Neutral$37.00 -> $35.00N/A9/7/2016Robert W. BairdReiterated RatingOutperform$46.00N/A8/9/2016Seaport Global SecuritiesInitiated CoverageNeutralN/A8/2/2016Buckingham ResearchInitiated CoverageNeutral$33.00N/A3/29/2016Citigroup Inc.DowngradeBuy -> Neutral$37.00N/A2/17/2016CRT CapitalDowngradeBuy -> NeutralN/A2/16/2016Sterne Agee CRTDowngradeBuy -> Neutral$40.00N/A10/30/2015Susquehanna Bancshares IncLower Price TargetPositive$59.00 -> $55.00N/A10/30/2015J P Morgan Chase & CoReiterated RatingOverweight$60.00 -> $57.00N/A10/19/2015Credit Suisse GroupLower Price Target$57.00 -> $43.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for BorgWarner (NYSE:BWA)Earnings History by Quarter for BorgWarner (NYSE BWA)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails7/27/2017Q2 2017$0.89$0.96$2.27 billion$2.39 billionViewN/A4/27/2017Q1 2017$0.84$0.91$2.26 billion$2.41 billionViewN/A2/9/2017Q416$0.84$0.85$2.30 billion$2.26 billionViewListen10/27/2016Q316$0.77$0.78$2.19 billion$2.21 billionViewListen7/28/2016Q216$0.82$0.84$2.33 billion$2.33 billionViewListen4/28/2016Q116$0.78$0.80$2.22 billion$2.27 billionViewListen2/11/2016Q415$0.72$0.75$1.96 billion$2.12 billionViewListen10/29/2015Q315$0.71$0.73$1.95 billion$1.88 billionViewListen7/30/2015Q215$0.83$0.75$2.10 billion$2.03 billionViewListen4/30/2015Q115$0.84$0.78$2.14 billion$1.98 billionViewN/A2/12/2015Q414$0.75$0.75$2.05 billion$1.99 billionViewN/A10/30/2014Q314$0.79$0.79$2.08 billion$2.03 billionViewN/A7/31/2014Q214$0.87$0.89$2.20 billion$2.20 billionViewN/A5/1/2014Q114$0.80$0.83$2.07 billion$2.08 billionViewN/A2/19/2014Q413$0.71$0.79$1.90 billion$1.89 billionViewN/A10/30/2013Q313$1.32$1.40$1.83 billion$1.81 billionViewN/A7/25/2013Q2 2013$1.38$1.50$1.89 billion$1.89 billionViewN/A4/25/2013Q1 2013$1.24$1.30$1.83 billion$1.85 billionViewN/A2/14/2013Q4 2012$1.13$1.16$1.70 billion$1.72 billionViewN/A10/31/2012Q312$1.19$1.19$1.82 billion$1.90 billionViewN/A7/26/2012$1.37$1.36ViewN/A4/26/2012$1.29$1.28ViewN/A2/14/2012$1.16$1.19ViewN/A10/28/2011$1.04$1.15ViewN/A7/28/2011$0.99$1.12ViewN/A4/28/2011$0.96$1.00ViewN/A2/10/2011$0.83$0.89ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for BorgWarner (NYSE:BWA)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $3.482018 EPS Consensus Estimate: $3.75QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20174$0.82$0.84$0.83Q2 20174$0.87$0.90$0.88Q3 20174$0.78$0.86$0.81Q4 20174$0.91$1.03$0.96Q1 20182$0.96$0.99$0.98Q2 20182$0.92$0.96$0.94Q3 20182$0.84$0.86$0.85Q4 20181$0.98$0.98$0.98(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for BorgWarner (NYSE:BWA)Next Dividend:9/15/2017Annual Dividend:$0.56Dividend Yield:1.19%Dividend Growth:28.50% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:86.16% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  15.73% (Based on This Year's Estimates)14.70% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:2 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for BorgWarner (NYSE BWA)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date7/27/2017quarterly$0.141.2%8/30/20179/1/20179/15/20174/27/2017quarterly$0.141.33%5/30/20176/1/20176/15/20172/9/2017quarterly$0.141.38%2/27/20173/1/20173/15/201711/9/2016quarterly$0.141.59%11/29/201612/1/201612/15/20167/26/2016quarterly$0.131.52%8/30/20169/1/20169/15/20164/27/2016quarterly$0.131.43%5/27/20166/1/20166/15/20162/10/2016quarterly$0.131.64%2/26/20163/1/20163/15/201611/11/2015quarterly$0.131.27%11/27/201512/1/201512/15/20157/29/2015quarterly$0.131.04%8/28/20159/1/20159/15/20154/29/2015quarterly$0.130.88%5/28/20156/1/20156/15/20152/11/2015quarterly$0.130.85%2/26/20153/2/20153/16/201511/12/2014quarterly$0.130.94%11/26/201412/1/201412/15/20147/21/2014quarterly$0.130.79%8/28/20149/2/20149/16/20144/21/2014quarterly$0.130.79%4/30/20145/2/20145/16/20141/22/2014quarterly$0.130.9%1/30/20142/3/20142/17/201410/18/2013quarterly$0.250.95%10/30/201311/1/201311/15/20137/25/2013quarterly$0.251.08%8/1/20138/5/20138/15/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for BorgWarner (NYSE:BWA)Insider Ownership Percentage: 0.66%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 91.44%Insider Trades by Quarter for BorgWarner (NYSE:BWA)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails6/13/2017Dennis C CuneoDirectorSell1,000$44.06$44,060.00  5/5/2017Ronald T HundzinskiInsiderSell3,776$41.53$156,817.28  2/21/2017Alexis P MichasDirectorSell10,000$42.68$426,800.00  8/26/2016Brady D EricsonVPSell17,132$33.69$577,177.08  8/9/2016Brady D EricsonVPSell16,240$33.77$548,424.80  8/2/2016Thomas J McgillVPSell5,000$31.83$159,150.00  5/27/2016Dennis C CuneoDirectorSell2,500$33.53$83,825.00  5/4/2016Ronald T HundzinskiCFOSell3,721$35.06$130,458.26  3/16/2016Alexis P MichasDirectorSell10,000$36.69$366,900.00  3/14/2016Ronald T HundzinskiCFOSell20,344$35.68$725,873.92  3/11/2016Steven G CarlsonVPSell24,000$35.78$858,720.00  12/15/2015Alexis P MichasDirectorSell5,000$40.50$202,500.00  12/14/2015Alexis P MichasDirectorSell5,000$40.00$200,000.00  9/18/2015Alexis P MichasDirectorSell10,000$43.31$433,100.00  3/12/2015Dennis C CuneoDirectorSell1,000$58.99$58,990.00  9/11/2014Phyllis O BonannoDirectorSell20,000$60.88$1,217,600.00  8/19/2014Ernest J Novak JrDirectorSell3,500$62.78$219,730.00  8/6/2014John J GasparovicVPSell60,000$61.00$3,660,000.00  6/10/2014Brady D EricsonVPSell7,800$65.76$512,928.00  11/19/2013Ronald HundzinskiCFOSell25,550$103.07$2,633,438.50  9/11/2013Alexis P MichasDirectorSell10,000$100.00$1,000,000.00  9/5/2013Alexis P MichasDirectorSell10,000$100.01$1,000,100.00  8/13/2013Steven CarlsonVPSell6,370$100.00$637,000.00  7/31/2013Joseph F FadoolVPSell2,000$95.57$191,140.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for BorgWarner (NYSE:BWA)


Latest Headlines for BorgWarner (NYSE:BWA)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineBorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 4:59 PMBorgWarner (BWA) Q2 Earnings & Revenue Beat Estimates - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 27 at 4:12 PMBorgWarner beats Street, posts profits of $0.96 per sharefinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 4:12 PMBorgWarner (BWA) Q2 Earnings Beat Estimates, Outlook Upfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 4:12 PMBorgWarner beats Street 2Q forecastsfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 4:12 PMBorgWarner Inc. (NYSE:BWA) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.14www.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 12:13 PMBorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidancewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 11:12 AMBorgWarner Inc. (NYSE:BWA) Releases Q3 Earnings Guidancewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 11:12 AMAuto Stocks' Earnings Queued Up for Jul 27: LKQ, BWA & Morefinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 5:24 PMBorgWarner (BWA) to Report Q2 Earnings: What's in Store? - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 25 at 4:45 PMThe best way to invest in the future of autos may not be Tesla, but these stocks insteadfinance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 4:45 PMBorgWarner (BWA) to Report Q2 Earnings: What's in Store?www.zacks.com - July 24 at 4:20 PMBorgWarner (BWA) to Report Q2 Earnings: What's in Store?finance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 12:01 PMBorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursdaywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 7:40 AMGentherm (THRM) versus BorgWarner (NYSE:BWA) Critical Contrastwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 9:35 AMBorgWarner (BWA) to Acquire Sevcon (SEV) for $22/Share - StreetInsider.comwww.streetinsider.com - July 17 at 5:14 PMSevcon Signs Definitive Agreement to be Acquired by BorgWarnerfinance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 5:14 PMBorgWarner Enters Into Agreement to Acquire Sevconfinance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 5:14 PMSevcon to be bought by BorgWarner at $22/shareseekingalpha.com - July 17 at 7:55 AMBorgWarner Receives Multiple Quality Excellence Certifications from Caterpillarfinance.yahoo.com - July 13 at 5:54 PMBorgWarner Charges Up Honda's Engine with Turbochargerswww.nasdaq.com - July 12 at 5:24 PMBorgWarner Charges Up Honda's Engine with Turbochargersfinance.yahoo.com - July 12 at 5:24 PMBorgWarner's Compact Wastegate Turbocharger Boosts Latest 1.0-liter Gasoline Engine from Honda - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 11 at 5:53 PMBorgWarner's Compact Wastegate Turbocharger Boosts Latest 1.0-liter Gasoline Engine from Hondafinance.yahoo.com - July 11 at 5:53 PMBorgWarner Inc. (NYSE:BWA) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 8 at 1:02 PM[$$] BorgWarner, Up 30%, Can Acceleratefinance.yahoo.com - July 8 at 9:28 AMBorgWarner Vehicle Dynamic Control Technology Makes Dodge Challenger GT Fun to Drive in All Seasonsfinance.yahoo.com - July 6 at 6:05 PMBorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sellwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 4 at 2:06 PMJefferies Group LLC Reaffirms "Buy" Rating for BorgWarner Inc. (BWA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 4 at 8:42 AMBorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Given Consensus Rating of "Hold" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 4 at 12:32 AMBorgWarner, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : BWA-US : July 3, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 3 at 4:55 PMBorgWarner Supplies Turbocharging and Engine Timing Technologies for the Ford EcoBoost® 3.5-liter Enginefinance.yahoo.com - June 28 at 4:50 PM$2.26 Billion in Sales Expected for BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 12:06 PMBorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.89 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - June 26 at 10:39 AMBorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Earns Neutral Rating from Analysts at Guggenheimwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 25 at 9:20 PMBorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at CLSAwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 24 at 11:20 AMShould Value Investors Pick BorgWarner (BWA) Stock Now? - Nasdaq - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - June 22 at 4:17 PMShould Value Investors Pick BorgWarner (BWA) Stock Now?finance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 11:29 AMBorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Buywww.americanbankingnews.com - June 21 at 8:46 PMBorgWarner, Inc. – Value Analysis (NYSE:BWA) : June 20, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 21 at 1:17 AMBreakfast Technical Briefing on Auto Parts Stocks -- BorgWarner, Dana, Delphi Automotive, and Tennecowww.bizjournals.com - June 19 at 12:57 PMBorgWarner Named Exclusive Fan and Fan Drive Supplier for the New Freightliner Cascadia®finance.yahoo.com - June 19 at 12:57 PMBorgWarner, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : BWA-US : June 19, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 19 at 12:57 PMBorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Given Underperform Rating at Bank of America Corporationwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 16 at 4:58 PMFriday Sector Laggards: Consumer Products, Serviceswww.nasdaq.com - June 16 at 4:48 PMBorgWarner's EGR Technologies Reduce Emissions for Ford's Power Stroke® Diesel Enginesfinance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 5:58 PMWebcast Alert: BorgWarner 2017 Second Quarter Results Conference Callfinance.yahoo.com - June 14 at 4:49 PMInsider Selling: BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Director Sells 1,000 Shares of Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 14 at 1:52 PMUndervalued Parts Manufacturer With An 8% Yield Looks Like Hidden Gemfinance.yahoo.com - June 12 at 5:06 PMBorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Buywww.americanbankingnews.com - June 11 at 11:32 PM


Social





Chart
BorgWarner (BWA) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































