

























Curbstone Financial Management Corp Sells 75 Shares of Trex Company, Inc. (NYSE:TREX) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Trex Company Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Trex Company Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB) Downgraded by Jefferies Group LLC
Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give BNP Paribas SA (EPA:BNP) a €75.00 Price Target
Blue Apron Holdings Inc (APRN) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.16) Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts
EQT Corporation’s (NYSE:EQT) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC
BlueCrest Capital Management Ltd Sells 4,629 Shares of Cigna Corporation (NYSE:CI)
Bank of Nova Scotia Has $2.07 Million Stake in Tractor Supply Company (TSCO)
Curbstone Financial Management Corp Sells 75 Shares of Trex Company, Inc. (NYSE:TREX)
NovoCure Limited (NASDAQ:NVCR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts
Milestone Apartments Real Estate Invt Tr (TSE:MST.UN) Receives C$21.69 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages
Stewart Information Services Corporation (NYSE:STC) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Wabco Holdings Inc. (WBC)
Biglari Holdings Inc. (BH) Raised to C- at TheStreet
Tahoe Resources, Inc. (TAHO) Cut to Sector Perform Market Weight at National Bank Financial
Sse Plc (LON:SSE) Insider Acquires £159.72 in Stock
Connect Group PLC (CNCT) Insider Buys £118,800 in Stock
Spirit Realty Capital (SRC) vs. Lamar Advertising (LAMR) Head-To-Head Analysis
TripAdvisor (TRIP) and Ctrip.com International (CTRP) Head-To-Head Review
Analyzing Nokia Corporation (NOK) & Numerex Corp. (NASDAQ:NMRX)
D. Scott Neal Inc. Reduces Position in Pepsico, Inc. (NYSE:PEP)
HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by American National Bank


 


Curbstone Financial Management Corp Sells 75 Shares of Trex Company, Inc. (NYSE:TREX)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

Curbstone Financial Management Corp lowered its position in shares of Trex Company, Inc. (NYSE:TREX) by 1.5% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 4,900 shares of the construction company’s stock after selling 75 shares during the period. Curbstone Financial Management Corp’s holdings in Trex were worth $332,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in TREX. Creative Planning boosted its stake in Trex by 17.8% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 6,053 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $420,000 after buying an additional 916 shares during the last quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its stake in shares of Trex by 6.7% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 15,820 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $1,019,000 after buying an additional 990 shares in the last quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Trex by 63.3% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 41,472 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $2,671,000 after buying an additional 16,080 shares in the last quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Trex by 7.0% in the first quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC now owns 6,871 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $477,000 after buying an additional 448 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Trex by 5.5% in the first quarter. Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC now owns 487,926 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $33,857,000 after buying an additional 25,373 shares in the last quarter. 91.94% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




Shares of Trex Company, Inc. (NYSE:TREX) opened at 73.53 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $68.54 and its 200 day moving average is $68.43. The company has a market capitalization of $2.16 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.04 and a beta of 2.34. Trex Company, Inc. has a 12 month low of $48.03 and a 12 month high of $78.15. 


 Get Trex Company Inc. alerts:



Trex (NYSE:TREX) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The construction company reported $0.95 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.88 by $0.07. Trex had a net margin of 14.35% and a return on equity of 61.02%. The company had revenue of $144.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $144.26 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.79 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 9.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Trex Company, Inc. will post $2.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/curbstone-financial-management-corp-cuts-stake-in-trex-company-inc-nysetrex-updated-updated.html. 
Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Trex from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 30th. Seaport Global Securities upgraded shares of Trex from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $74.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, June 1st. Sidoti began coverage on shares of Trex in a research note on Thursday, June 15th. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Stifel Nicolaus reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $70.00 price target on shares of Trex in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Finally, BidaskClub upgraded shares of Trex from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. Trex presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $69.20.
In other Trex news, Director Frank H. Merlotti, Jr. sold 2,057 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.81, for a total transaction of $131,257.17. Following the sale, the director now owns 11,718 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $747,725.58. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider James E. Cline sold 15,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.00, for a total transaction of $975,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 53,381 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,469,765. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 20,557 shares of company stock valued at $1,332,987 in the last quarter. 0.95% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
About Trex
Trex Company, Inc is a manufacturer of wood-alternative decking and railing products. The Company’s products are marketed under the brand name Trex and are manufactured in the United States. It offers a set of outdoor living products in the decking, railing, porch, fencing, trim, steel deck framing and outdoor lighting categories. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Trex Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trex Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿






























Curbstone Financial Management Corp Has $412,000 Stake in Unilever NV (UN) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Unilever NV

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Unilever NV with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

ANSYS, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANSS) Shares Sold by KAMES CAPITAL plc
KAMES CAPITAL plc Sells 16,271 Shares of Steel Dynamics, Inc. (NASDAQ:STLD)
Ryder System, Inc. (NYSE:R) Shares Sold by KAMES CAPITAL plc
Catawba Capital Management VA Has $1.69 Million Position in Buckeye Partners L.P. (NYSE:BPL)
Curbstone Financial Management Corp Has $544,000 Stake in Smith & Nephew SNATS, Inc. (SNN)
Curbstone Financial Management Corp Has $412,000 Stake in Unilever NV (UN)
Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Macy’s Inc (M) Will Announce Earnings of $0.45 Per Share
Curbstone Financial Management Corp Has $322,000 Position in INVESCO MORTGAGE CAPITAL INC (IVR)
Aldeyra Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALDX) Major Shareholder Purchases $1,361,632.20 in Stock
Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Kimberly-Clark Corporation’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NYSE:KMB)
Independence Contract Drilling (NYSE:ICD) Receives News Sentiment Rating of -0.12
Jefferies Group Research Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for F.N.B. Corporation (FNB)
HMS Holdings Corp (NASDAQ:HMSY) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts
Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (NASDAQ:ARCH) Expected to Post Earnings of $2.62 Per Share
Select Comfort Corporation (NASDAQ:SCSS) Given Media Sentiment Rating of -0.12
Somewhat Negative News Coverage Likely to Impact eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY) Share Price
MGIC Investment Corporation (NYSE:MTG) Receives Media Sentiment Score of -0.19
IHS Markit Ltd. (INFO) Vice Chairman Daniel Yergin Sells 43,657 Shares
Brian M. Krzanich Sells 72,173 Shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Stock
Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.15 Per Share







Curbstone Financial Management Corp Has $412,000 Stake in Unilever NV (UN)


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




Curbstone Financial Management Corp held its stake in  Unilever NV (NYSE:UN) during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 7,450 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Curbstone Financial Management Corp’s holdings in Unilever NV were worth $412,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of UN. Coconut Grove Bank raised its position in shares of  Unilever NV by 46.9% in the first quarter. Coconut Grove Bank now owns 2,505 shares of the company’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 800 shares during the period.  High Point Bank & Trust Co. raised its position in shares of  Unilever NV by 3.9% in the fourth quarter. High Point Bank & Trust Co. now owns 2,525 shares of the company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 95 shares during the period.  Proficio Capital Partners LLC raised its position in shares of  Unilever NV by 503.0% in the first quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 2,647 shares of the company’s stock worth $148,000 after buying an additional 2,208 shares during the period.  SRS Capital Advisors Inc. raised its position in shares of  Unilever NV by 10.9% in the first quarter. SRS Capital Advisors Inc. now owns 2,694 shares of the company’s stock worth $133,000 after buying an additional 264 shares during the period.  Finally, Bollard Group LLC raised its position in shares of  Unilever NV by 200.7% in the first quarter. Bollard Group LLC now owns 2,998 shares of the company’s stock worth $149,000 after buying an additional 2,001 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  9.19% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Unilever NV alerts:



Unilever NV (NYSE UN) opened at 57.61 on Tuesday. Unilever NV has a 12-month low of $38.41 and a 12-month high of $58.14. The company has a market cap of $162.88 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.74 and a beta of 0.90. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $56.08 and its 200 day moving average is $50.37. 





The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, September 6th. Investors of record on Friday, August 4th will be issued a dividend of $0.352 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 2nd. This represents a $1.41 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.44%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/curbstone-financial-management-corp-has-412000-stake-in-unilever-nv-un-updated-updated.html. 
A number of brokerages recently issued reports on UN. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Unilever NV from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $65.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, June 6th. UBS AG  reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Unilever NV in a report on Monday, July 17th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Unilever NV from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, July 13th. J P Morgan Chase & Co  reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Unilever NV in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Liberum Capital  reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Unilever NV in a report on Monday, March 27th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $65.00.
Unilever NV Company Profile
Unilever N.V. is a fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) company. The Company’s segments include Personal Care, which primarily includes sales of skin care and hair care products, deodorants and oral care products; Foods, which primarily includes sales of soups, bouillons, sauces, snacks, mayonnaise, salad dressings, margarines and spreads; Home Care, which primarily includes sales of home care products, such as powders, liquids and capsules, soap bars and a range of cleaning products, and Refreshment, which primarily includes sales of ice cream and tea-based beverages.







Receive News & Ratings for Unilever NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unilever NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































﻿

























Graco Inc. (NYSE:GGG) Position Held by Curbstone Financial Management Corp - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Graco Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Graco Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

D. Scott Neal Inc. Reduces Position in Pepsico, Inc. (NYSE:PEP)
HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by American National Bank
Robinson Value Management Ltd. Has $2.83 Million Position in Mylan N.V. (MYL)
Lau Associates LLC Has $1,333,000 Stake in Cerner Corporation (CERN)
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Beacon Roofing Supply (NASDAQ:BECN) Share Price
Platform Specialty Products Corporation (NYSE:PAH) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows
Valley National Bancorp (VLY) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
Avacta Group Plc (LON:AVCT) Insider Purchases £3,736.70 in Stock
TriNet Group, Inc. (NYSE:TNET) Director H Raymond Bingham Sells 5,000 Shares
Cowen and Company Reaffirms Hold CTL Rating for CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE:CTL)
Cambrex Corporation (CBM) CEO Steven M. Klosk Sells 12,000 Shares
Cranbrook Wealth Management LLC Sells 300 Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK)
Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Purchases 610 Shares of AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) Shares Sold by Lee Financial Co
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sells 15,282 Shares of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. (BSM)
Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation (BGFV) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $2.29 Million Position in Regional Management Corp. (RM)
Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Stake Decreased by IronBridge Capital Management LP
RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. (RMAX) Shares Sold by SG Americas Securities LLC
CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (CAA) Shares Bought by Prudential Financial Inc.


 


Graco Inc. (NYSE:GGG) Position Held by Curbstone Financial Management Corp

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

Curbstone Financial Management Corp continued to hold its stake in Graco Inc. (NYSE:GGG) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 4,326 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Curbstone Financial Management Corp’s holdings in Graco were worth $473,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in Graco by 6.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,886,860 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $460,049,000 after buying an additional 309,685 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in Graco by 13,639.9% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 4,370,674 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $411,455,000 after buying an additional 4,338,864 shares during the last quarter. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC increased its position in Graco by 2.3% in the first quarter. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC now owns 2,024,638 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $190,600,000 after buying an additional 46,205 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its position in Graco by 3.2% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,465,590 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $137,974,000 after buying an additional 45,636 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in Graco by 36.5% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 940,408 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $88,531,000 after buying an additional 251,447 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 90.68% of the company’s stock. 




Shares of Graco Inc. (NYSE:GGG) opened at 107.69 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $110.33 and a 200-day moving average price of $99.90. Graco Inc. has a one year low of $69.33 and a one year high of $114.65. The firm has a market cap of $5.98 billion, a P/E ratio of 100.46 and a beta of 1.24. 


 Get Graco Inc. alerts:



Graco (NYSE:GGG) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $1.05 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.75 by $0.30. Graco had a net margin of 4.53% and a return on equity of 35.25%. The firm had revenue of $340.59 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $315.62 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.70 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that Graco Inc. will post $4.14 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, August 2nd. Investors of record on Monday, July 17th will be paid a dividend of $0.36 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 13th. This represents a $1.44 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.34%. Graco’s dividend payout ratio is presently 135.85%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Graco Inc. (NYSE:GGG) Position Held by Curbstone Financial Management Corp” was first published by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/graco-inc-nyseggg-stake-maintained-by-curbstone-financial-management-corp-updated-updated.html. 
GGG has been the topic of several research reports. TheStreet raised Graco from a “c+” rating to a “b+” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised Graco from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $105.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “hold” rating and set a $110.00 price target (up previously from $105.00) on shares of Graco in a research report on Monday, June 5th. BidaskClub downgraded Graco from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, June 22nd. Finally, FBR & Co reissued a “marketperform” rating on shares of Graco in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and five have issued a hold rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $101.80.
In related news, VP Peter J. O’shea sold 15,986 shares of Graco stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, June 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $113.50, for a total transaction of $1,814,411.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 20,638 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,342,413. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, VP Jeffrey P. Johnson sold 28,000 shares of Graco stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $113.00, for a total transaction of $3,164,000.00. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 42,213 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,770,069. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 235,294 shares of company stock valued at $15,930,767. 5.70% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
About Graco
Graco Inc designs, manufactures and markets systems and equipment used to move, measure, control, dispense and spray fluid and powder materials. The Company specializes in equipment for applications that involve materials with viscosities, materials with abrasive or corrosive properties, and multiple-component materials that require ratio control. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Graco Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Graco Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Curbstone Financial Management Corp                                                                                      - Manchester                                        , NH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NH



Manchester



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Curbstone Financial Management Corp
                                    



 





















C 


Curbstone Financial Management Corp                                                                                     
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



741 CHESTNUT ST MANCHESTER, NH 03104
Get Directions



(603) 624-8462
www.curbstonefinancial.com                                                                              





Business Info



 Founded 1983
 Incorporated NH
 Annual Revenue $902,520.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Thomas Lewry                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Curbstone Financial Management Corp                                                                                      is located at 741 Chestnut St in Manchester and has been in the business of Management Investment, Open-end since 1983. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.


















































BBB Business Profile | Curbstone Financial Management Corporation | Accreditation



















Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Investment Advisory Service
 > 
Curbstone Financial Management Corporation














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Curbstone Financial Management Corporation



Submit a Review

































Curbstone Financial Management Corporation






            Business Information
        






(603) 624-8462

Curbstone Financial Management Corporation
34 years in business

        741 Chestnut Street
        Manchester, NH 03104
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 09/02/1998
            

                Business Started: 10/01/1982


                Business Started Locally: 10/01/1982
            

                Business Incorporated: 02/01/1983 in NH





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    




            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Thomas M. Lewry, President
                

                    Jane Dawe, Associate
                

                    Pamela Diamantis, Principal
                

                    Melvin Severance, III, Principal
                





            Business Category
        


                Investment Advisory Service
            






            Products & Services
        
        Curbstone Financial Management Corporation offers asset management services for individuals, trusts, and retirement plans.  Services prdovided on a fee basis. 




    







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            


                    Number of Employees: 
                
                7
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Curbstone Financial Management Corporation






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Curbstone Financial Management Corporation
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 








﻿





























NCI, Inc. (NASDAQ:NCIT) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $83.07 Million - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for NCI Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor NCI Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

NCI, Inc. (NASDAQ:NCIT) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $83.07 Million
Sonus Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ:SONS) Position Decreased by Russell Investments Group Ltd.
Morgan Stanley Has $42.23 Million Stake in PTC Inc. (NASDAQ:PTC)
Harvest Fund Management Co. Ltd Maintains Stake in PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (NASDAQ:QQQ)
PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PYPL) Shares Bought by OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp
Parnassus Investments CA Has $181.14 Million Position in QUALCOMM Incorporated (NASDAQ:QCOM)
Menta Capital LLC Has $333,000 Stake in Powell Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:POWL)
Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. Buys 27,557 Shares of PAREXEL International Corporation (NASDAQ:PRXL)
Orbotech Ltd. (NASDAQ:ORBK) Stake Decreased by Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
SLM Corporation (NASDAQ:SLM) Stake Decreased by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
NutriSystem Inc (NASDAQ:NTRI) Position Boosted by Principal Financial Group Inc.
Bank of America Corp DE Reduces Stake in Sina Corporation (NASDAQ:SINA)
News Corporation (NASDAQ:NWSA) Stake Reduced by Nomura Holdings Inc.
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Lowers Position in Orbotech Ltd. (NASDAQ:ORBK)
Panera Bread Co (NASDAQ:PNRA) Position Raised by Vanguard Group Inc.
Geode Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in Patterson Companies, Inc. (NASDAQ:PDCO)
American International Group Inc. Raises Stake in Pegasystems Inc. (NASDAQ:PEGA)
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Takes Position in Preferred Bank (NASDAQ:PFBC)
OraSure Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:OSUR) Shares Sold by Citadel Advisors LLC
Geode Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Bank of the Ozarks (NASDAQ:OZRK)







NCI, Inc. (NASDAQ:NCIT) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $83.07 Million


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




Analysts expect NCI, Inc. (NASDAQ:NCIT) to announce $83.07 million in sales for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Three analysts have issued estimates for NCI’s earnings, with the highest sales estimate coming in at $83.50 million and the lowest estimate coming in at $82.70 million. NCI posted sales of $81.90 million during the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year over year growth rate of 1.4%. The business is expected to issue its next quarterly earnings report  on Wednesday, July 26th.
On average, analysts expect that NCI will report full-year sales of $83.07 million for the current financial year, with estimates ranging from $328.90 million to $332.75 million. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the business will report sales of $343.60 million per share, with estimates ranging from $337.10 million to $350.00 million. Zacks’ sales calculations are an average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that follow NCI.


 Get NCI Inc. alerts:



NCI (NASDAQ:NCIT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The information technology services provider reported $0.25 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.21 by $0.04. NCI had a net margin of 2.13% and a return on equity of 11.73%. The firm had revenue of $78.75 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $76.55 million. 





A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the stock. FBR & Co  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $11.00 price target on shares of NCI in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Cowen and Company  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $16.50 price target on shares of NCI in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of NCI from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 13th. Noble Financial  reissued a “hold” rating on shares of NCI in a research report on Thursday, July 6th. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered shares of NCI from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their price target for the company from $24.00 to $20.00 in a research report on Monday, July 3rd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $18.33.
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “NCI, Inc. (NASDAQ:NCIT) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $83.07 Million” was originally  published by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/nci-inc-nasdaqncit-expected-to-announce-quarterly-sales-of-83-07-million-updated.html. 
Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in NCIT. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. bought a new stake in shares of  NCI during the first quarter valued at about $432,000.  Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in shares of  NCI by 5.2% in the first quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 404,799 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock valued at $6,092,000 after buying an additional 20,074 shares during the last quarter.  Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of  NCI by 1.0% in the first quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 303,739 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock valued at $4,571,000 after buying an additional 3,044 shares during the last quarter.  Globeflex Capital L P increased its stake in shares of  NCI by 40.3% in the first quarter. Globeflex Capital L P now owns 40,372 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock valued at $608,000 after buying an additional 11,600 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Geode Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of  NCI by 6.7% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 90,650 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock valued at $1,364,000 after buying an additional 5,688 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  39.04% of the company’s stock. 
NCI (NASDAQ NCIT) traded up 0.25% on Wednesday, reaching $19.95. 57,815 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $19.55 and a 200 day moving average of $15.41. The stock has a market capitalization of $270.34 million, a PE ratio of 44.63 and a beta of 1.05. NCI has a 12 month low of $10.98 and a 12 month high of $21.40. 
NCI Company Profile
NCI, Inc is a provider of enterprise services and solutions to defense, intelligence, healthcare and civilian government agencies. The Company provides information technology (IT), and professional services and solutions by leveraging its core service offerings, which include cloud computing and IT infrastructure optimization; cybersecurity and information assurance; engineering and logistics support; enterprise information management and advanced analytics; health IT and medical support; IT service management; modeling, simulation, and training, and agile development and integration.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on NCI (NCIT)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com






Receive News & Ratings for NCI Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NCI Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


















































Curbstone Financial Management Corporation









































Curbstone FinancialManagement Corporation








        
        
        
        
        Main Menu

            
Profile▼Our NameHistoryRegulatoryProcessPeopleNewsEducation▼News from the CurbWomen Building WealthLifestyleContact 




IndependentObjectiveThoughtful


You don’t need to be wealthy to seek financial planning advice.
In life you need a plan—especially for your money.








Curbstone Financial Management Corporation is a Registered Investment Adviser and a FINRA member firm specializing in the implementation of disciplined asset allocation strategies designed to accomplish specific client objectives.
We provide asset management services to individuals, trusts, endowments, and retirement plans.







Search


Search for:



 

© 2017 Curbstone Financial Management Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
603.624.8462
741 Chestnut Street, Manchester, NH 03104














Process | Curbstone Financial Management Corporation









































Curbstone FinancialManagement Corporation








        
        
        
        
        Main Menu

            
Profile▼Our NameHistoryRegulatoryProcessPeopleNewsEducation▼News from the CurbWomen Building WealthLifestyleContact 




  Process








As an investment advisory firm that provides services to individual and institutional clients, Curbstone Financial Management Corporation makes each client the center of the wealth management process. 
Understanding clients’ goals
The process begins as we help clients identify their financial goals. We ask questions and listen carefully. We foster an open dialogue to understand not just a client’s financial and investment goals, but also the reasons behind their goals. We develop a close, ongoing relationship that enables us to plan thoughtfully as we customize and adjust our investment strategies to meet what may be changing goals.
Comprehensive and integrated investment planning
We take a disciplined approach to investing and creating diversified portfolios that balance risk and return while meeting a client’s individual circumstances and requirements. This process includes four key steps:

Identifying return requirements, risk tolerance, and the time horizon
Creating a customized and dynamic investment blueprint
Constructing a diversified portfolio that considers risk and return, asset allocation, cost, liquidity, and tax efficiency
Monitoring achievement of portfolio goals for potential asset allocation rebalancing and appropriate new investment opportunities

Optimized asset allocation strategies
We use a three-dimensional asset allocation approach—dynamic, strategic, and tactical—to create a diversified portfolio that matches predetermined risk and return parameters. State-of-the-art research tools and proprietary models enable us to completely customize asset allocation within the three dimensions to optimize risk/reward within a client’s portfolio.
Proven investment values
Based on our decades of experience as investment advisers, we:

Believe discipline is the key to superior performance and meeting each client’s goals
Maintain a strong buy-and-sell discipline and are not influenced by fads or prevailing market sentiment
Take a long view of the market and believe in owning a diversified portfolio of securities that offer well-above-average expected returns relative to their risk factors

Custodial safekeeping of client investments
Curbstone Financial Management Corporation holds no client assets in company accounts. All client accounts are held by custodian Charles Schwab in the legal name of the account holder. The custodian reports independently to the account holder of record, providing an audit of all transactions.
Clients execute limited power of attorney to allow a Curbstone Financial Management investment manager to execute trades on behalf of the account holder. Any withdrawal from the account must be authorized by the client of record.







Search


Search for:



 

© 2017 Curbstone Financial Management Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
603.624.8462
741 Chestnut Street, Manchester, NH 03104














Curbstone Financial Management Corporation









































Curbstone FinancialManagement Corporation








        
        
        
        
        Main Menu

            
Profile▼Our NameHistoryRegulatoryProcessPeopleNewsEducation▼News from the CurbWomen Building WealthLifestyleContact 




IndependentObjectiveThoughtful


You don’t need to be wealthy to seek financial planning advice.
In life you need a plan—especially for your money.








Curbstone Financial Management Corporation is a Registered Investment Adviser and a FINRA member firm specializing in the implementation of disciplined asset allocation strategies designed to accomplish specific client objectives.
We provide asset management services to individuals, trusts, endowments, and retirement plans.







Search


Search for:



 

© 2017 Curbstone Financial Management Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
603.624.8462
741 Chestnut Street, Manchester, NH 03104









