








Jeffrey H. Curler - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Jeffrey H. Curler
Lead Independent Director at The Valspar Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Jeffrey H. Curler? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jeffrey H. Curler's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jeffrey H. Curler's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jeffrey H. Curler's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jeffrey H. Curler through your network of contacts.
												








Jeffrey H. Curler's Executive Work History


Current


Lead Independent Director, 
The Valspar Corporation


Past
To view Jeffrey H. Curler's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
66

 
 


Jeffrey H. Curler's Biography



Mr. Curler retired as Chairman Emeritus and a director from Bemis Company, Inc. in December 2011. Mr. Curler served as Executive Chairman of Bemis Company, Inc., a manufacturer of flexible packaging products and pressure sensitive materials, from May 2005 through August 2011 and was Chief Executive Officer from May 2000 through January 2008. Mr. Curler previously served as President of Bemis Company, Inc. from May 1996 through July 2007. 


Mr. Curler brings to the Board many years of experience as the Chairman, and previously the Chief Executive Officer, of Bemis Company, Inc. He also has significant expertise in chemical engineering an ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Curler retired as Chairman Emeritus and a director from Bemis Company, Inc. in December 2011. Mr. Curler served as Executive Chairman of Bemis Company, Inc., a manufacturer of flexible packaging products and pressure sensitive materials, from May 2005 through August 2011 and was Chief Executive Officer from May 2000 through January 2008. Mr. Curler previously served as President of Bemis Company, Inc. from May 1996 through July 2007. 


Mr. Curler brings to the Board many years of experience as the Chairman, and previously the Chief Executive Officer, of Bemis Company, Inc. He also has significant expertise in chemical engineering and the packaging industry, both of which are highly relevant to the Corporation's business. Mr. Curler's leadership skills, industry background and experience make him well qualified to serve as the Corporation's Lead Director.
		
Source: The Valspar Corporation on 02/23/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jeffrey H. Curler's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Jeffrey H. Curler. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jeffrey H. Curler's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jeffrey H. Curler's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jeffrey H. Curler through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Jeffrey H. Curler


















Jeffrey H. Curler's Connections (68)





Sign up now to view Jeffrey H. Curler's 68 connections »









James J. Seifert
Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary, Ecolab Inc.









Janel S. Haugarth
Board Member, The Valspar Corporation









Peter McCausland
Former Executive Chairman of the Board, Airgas









Rolf Engh
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, The Valspar Corporation









Mae C. Jemison
Board Member, The Valspar Corporation









Stephen D. Newlin
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Univar Inc.









John J. Allen
Board Member, The Valspar Corporation









David S. Haffner
Board Member, Bemis Company, Inc.









David R. Lumley
Board Member, The Valspar Corporation









Scott B. Ullem
Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Edwards Lifesciences Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













   Jeffrey Curler | The Valspar Corporation | ZoomInfo.com 



Jeffrey Curler Receives Lifetime Achievement Award | Business Wire
























































Jeffrey Curler Receives Lifetime Achievement Award






June 12, 2009 12:24 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEENAH, Wis.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Bemis Company, Inc. (NYSE:BMS) is pleased to announce that Jeffrey H. 
      Curler, Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board of Bemis Company, 
      Inc., has received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year® 2009 
      Lifetime Achievement Award for the Upper Midwest region from 
      professional services firm Ernst & Young LLP. Curler was selected by an 
      independent panel of judges, and the award was presented at a gala event 
      on June 11, 2009 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
    


      The Lifetime Achievement award is presented to those whose extraordinary 
      achievements, creativity, leadership, and vision have set them apart as 
      an outstanding caliber of entrepreneurs. According to Ernst & Young, the 
      Lifetime Achievement winner is “recognized as a pillar of the community, 
      and the benchmark that other business men and women strive to emulate. 
      The award is presented as an honorary designation and is without 
      compare.”
    

      “It is an honor to accept this prestigious award,” said Curler. “The 
      journey of building and growing a company requires commitment and 
      support from many people. It has been rewarding and personally 
      fulfilling to be a part of Bemis’ success for the past 36 years and to 
      lead an organization that has embraced innovation, progress, and 
      integrity.”
    

Curler’s Packaging Roots


      Bemis Company, Inc., headquartered in Neenah, Wisconsin, is a $3.8 
      billion global supplier of flexible packaging and pressure sensitive 
      materials. Curler joined Bemis in 1973 as a chemical engineer eight 
      years after Bemis acquired Curwood, a flexible packaging company 
      co-founded by Curler’s father in New London, Wisconsin.
    

      Throughout his career at Bemis, Curler has consistently inspired his 
      colleagues with his unwavering vision for growth, expansion, and 
      innovation. He has promoted product development using material science 
      and unique process technologies that have given Bemis a competitive 
      advantage in the industry.
    

      Jeffrey Curler is Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board of Bemis 
      Company and has been a director of Bemis since his election in 1992. He 
      has been Executive Chairman since 2008 and Chairman of the Board since 
      2005. He was elected Chief Executive Officer in 2000 and President in 
      1996. He was Chief Operating Officer from 1998 to 2000. Since joining 
      Bemis in 1973, Curler has held several positions in research, product 
      development, and engineering. He is a graduate of the University of 
      Wisconsin–Madison with a degree in chemical engineering.
    

About the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Program


      Ernst & Young’s Entrepreneur Of The Year® Award is the world’s most 
      prestigious business award for entrepreneurs. The award makes a 
      difference through the way it encourages entrepreneurial activity among 
      those with potential and recognizes the contribution of people who 
      inspire others with their vision, leadership and achievement. As the 
      first and only truly global award of its kind, the Ernst & Young 
      Entrepreneur Of The Year® award celebrates those who are building and 
      leading successful, growing, and dynamic businesses, recognizing them 
      through regional, national and global awards programs in more than 135 
      cities in 50 countries.
    

About Bemis Company, Inc.


      Bemis Company is a major supplier of flexible packaging and pressure 
      sensitive materials used by leading food, consumer products, 
      manufacturing, and other companies worldwide. Founded in 1858, the 
      Company reported 2008 net sales of $3.8 billion. The Company’s flexible 
      packaging business has a strong technical base in polymer chemistry, 
      film extrusion, coating and laminating, printing, and converting. The 
      Company’s pressure sensitive materials business specializes in adhesive 
      technologies. Headquartered in Neenah, Wisconsin, Bemis employs about 
      15,800 individuals in 61 manufacturing facilities in 11 countries around 
      the world. More information about the Company is available at our 
      website, www.bemis.com.
    




Contacts

Bemis Company, Inc.Kristine Pavletich, 920-527-5159Public 
      Relations Specialist
    



















Contacts

Bemis Company, Inc.Kristine Pavletich, 920-527-5159Public 
      Relations Specialist
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Jeffrey H Curler - Neenah, WI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jeffrey H Curler in Neenah, WI


Jeffrey H Curler

                                                                           Intelius found that Jeffrey H Curler  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Neenah, WI.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Jeff H Curler
Jeff L Curler


Get Report Now

Age

Jeffrey H Curler is in his 60s

Jeffrey Has Lived In

Neenah, WI
New London, WI
Dallas, TX

Jeffrey's Relatives

Gina Curler
Erin Curler
Lea Trust
Katie Curler







Jeffrey H Curler



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Human Resources Officer at Bemis Company , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jeffrey? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jeffrey, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jeffrey H Curler
Get a Criminal Check on Jeffrey H Curler
Get a Public Record Report on Jeffrey H Curler
Get a People Search Report on Jeffrey H Curler


Jeffrey H Curler's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jeffrey H Curler has lived as well as Jeffrey H Curler's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jeffrey H Curler Has Lived in 4 States
Wisconsin Address for Jeffrey H Curler


2430 F***** M**** C* 

Neenah, WI


Has Lived In

Neenah, WI
New London, WI


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jeffrey H Curler

(920) ***-**** - Neenah, WI 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(920) ***-**** - Neenah, WI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jeffrey H Curler

k**********r@***.com
j************r@***.com
j*****y@***.com


Get Email Report




Jeffrey H Curler's Professional Information
Information regarding Jeffrey H Curler's professional history.  Find out previous places Jeffrey H Curler has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jeffrey H Curler Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Bemis Company , Inc.
               Title: Chief Human Resources Officer
Company: Bemis Company , Inc.
               Title: President
Jeffrey H Curler's Experience
Title: Chief Human Resources Officer
               Company: Bemis Company , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Title: President
               Company: Bemis Company , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on Jeffrey H Curler

 See Jeffrey H Curler's LinkedIn Profile



Jeffrey H Curler's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jeffrey H Curler


Jeffrey H Curler's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jeffrey H Curler's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jeffrey Curler
Username Matches

                  JeffreyCurler
                  CurlerJeffrey
                  Jeffrey.Curler
                  Curler.Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey_Curler
                  Curler_Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey-Curler
                  Curler-Jeffrey
                  JCurler
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Curler







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











   Jeffrey Curler | The Valspar Corporation | ZoomInfo.com







2007 Distinguished achievement award: Jeffrey Curler - College of Engineering - University of Wisconsin-Madison



















































 

















Toggle navigation
MENU


















Home
News & EventsNews News Details



 









News & EventsNews
Sign up for e-newsletters
Publications
Events Calendar
Find an Expert

 



2007 Distinguished achievement award: Jeffrey Curler
July 13, 2007
// Chemical & Biological Engineering Tags: alumni, CBE E-Day, Engineers' Day, Jeffrey Curler


Share this story:ShareJeffrey H. Curler
Chairman and CEO
Bemis Company Inc.
BSChe ’73
Neenah, Wisconsin
As a boy, Jeffrey Curler spent Saturdays at his father’s packaging plant in New London, Wisconsin. While his dad, the late Howard Curler (BSChE ’48), worked at developing a new flexible polymer film for cheese packaging, Curler performed what he called “rather crude science experiments” with scraps of plastic and matches. This early fascination with the properties of plastic developed into a passion for chemistry and math, leading Curler on a lifelong pursuit of new materials and techniques for the flexible plastic packaging industry.
Curler graduated from UW-Madison (where he never missed a football game) with a chemical engineering degree in 1973, then joined Bemis Company Inc., which in 1965 had acquired his father’s business, Curwood Company Inc. Curler worked as an engineer in new product development, and his hands-on knowledge of the company plants and labs served him well when he was named CEO of Bemis in 2000.
Thousands of products—from food and consumer goods to manufacturing and medical devices’are sold wrapped in Bemis packaging. Under Curler’s leadership, the company has become the No. 1 maker of flexible packaging material in the Americas, operating 31 manufacturing facilities in 13 states in the United States and 24 foreign plants in nine countries. Bemis employs 16,000 people worldwide and posts annual sales of more than $3.5 billion. The company, among the 10 largest in Wisconsin, employs nearly 3,500 people in the state.
Curler is particularly proud of the Bemis reputation for excellence. In March, the company tied for first place on the Forbes list of the top-10 most trustworthy U.S. companies, and it has been named to the Forbes Platinum 400 List of America’s Best Big Companies every year since the list started nine years ago.
As Bemis nears its 150th anniversary in 2008, and Curwood prepares for its 50th anniversary that same year, Curler remains focused on bringing innovative products to the packaging marketplace.
Curler and his wife of 35 years, Lea, have four daughters. Erin, 31, is an editor in Manhattan. Gina, 28, is expecting Curler’s first grandchild in Colorado. Katie, 25, is a public relations specialist at Bemis. Laura, 22, is a senior at Tulane University in New Orleans.
Two of his daughters (Gina and Katie) received their graduate degrees from UW-Madison, which, says their father, “gave me an excuse to make it to a few more Badger games.”



 





 











 











News & Events - College of Engineering - University of Wisconsin-Madison













































 

















Toggle navigation
MENU


















Home
News & Events



 









News & EventsNews
Sign up for e-newsletters
Publications
Events Calendar
Find an Expert
 
Sign up to receive our e-newsletters


Departments


                            Departments 
                            

Biomedical Engineering
Chemical & Biological Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Engineering Physics
Engineering Professional Development
Industrial & Systems Engineering
Materials Science & Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
 


Media contacts and story suggestions
To connect with one of our experts, or to submit a story idea for consideration, contact Renee Meiller, College of Engineering director of communications, at meiller@engr.wisc.edu.


 


            News & Events        
News & Events MenuNewsSign up for e-newslettersPublicationsEvents CalendarFind an Expert 



// Mechanical Engineering ME alumnus promoted to ASHRAE fellow
July 18, 2017 
James J. Bushnell (BSME ’57) has been named a fellow of the American Society of Heating, Ventilating, and Air Condition Engineers (ASHRAE). ASHRAE fellow is…
Tags: alumni
Read More ›





// Mechanical Engineering NAMRI/SME honors Duffie with lifetime service award
July 18, 2017 
Mechanical Engineering Professor Emeritus Neil Duffie has received the 2017 North American Manufacturing Research Institution of SME (NAMRI/SME) Outstanding Lifetime Service Award. The award recognizes…
Tags: Faculty
Read More ›





In The News


 

Great Lakes Echo: Experts seek warning system for Great Lakes tsunamis
June 20, 2017 
See Full Article ›




 

Wisconsin State Journal: UW-Madison students hope to create new high-speed transportation with Badgerloop pod
June 18, 2017 
See Full Article ›




 

U.S. Department of Energy Office of Biological and Environmental Research: High yield biomass conversion strategy ready for commercialization
June 15, 2017 
See Full Article ›




 

Phys.org: Modern computing power may help mitigate future flood disasters
June 15, 2017 
See Full Article ›




 

Advanced Science News: Interview: The next generation bioeconomy
June 12, 2017 
See Full Article ›




Faculty News


Andrea Hicks investigates environmental impacts of novel technologies
July 18, 2017 
See Full Article ›

Student Highlights


Project explores how mindfulness training can boost creativity and well-being in engineering grad students
July 18, 2017 
See Full Article ›






Events
View All





 






 











 











News - College of Engineering - University of Wisconsin-Madison













































 

















Toggle navigation
MENU


















Home
News & Events News



 









News & EventsNews
Sign up for e-newsletters
Publications
Events Calendar
Find an Expert
 
Sign up to receive our e-newsletters





                            Departments 
                            

Biomedical Engineering
Chemical & Biological Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Engineering Physics
Engineering Professional Development
Industrial & Systems Engineering
Materials Science & Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
 


 


            News        


                Departments                


All
Biomedical Engineering
Chemical & Biological Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Engineering Physics
Industrial & Systems Engineering
Materials Science & Engineering
Mechanical Engineering




                Categories                


Alumni
Awards
Educational Innovation
Faculty
In the Media
Newsnotes
Perspective
Research
Students
Uncategorized
Wisconsin Idea







‹ Prev

1
2
3
4
5
 Next ›







// Civil & Environmental Engineering Andrea Hicks investigates environmental impacts of novel technologies
July 18, 2017 
Tags: Faculty, Grainger Institute for Engineering, research







// Mechanical Engineering ME alumnus promoted to ASHRAE fellow
July 18, 2017 
Tags: alumni







// Mechanical Engineering NAMRI/SME honors Duffie with lifetime service award
July 18, 2017 
Tags: Faculty







// Engineering Physics, Electrical & Computer Engineering Project explores how mindfulness training can boost creativity and well-being in engineering grad students
July 18, 2017 
Tags: Faculty, research







// Mechanical Engineering, Electrical & Computer Engineering, Engineering Physics Students on SAE Formula Team seize opportunity to grow professionally
July 18, 2017 
Tags: students







// Chemical & Biological Engineering In partnership with ExxonMobil, Huber extends biofuels study
July 17, 2017 
Tags: Faculty, research







// Mechanical Engineering, Industrial & Systems Engineering Wisconsin manufacturer leading the market on building ventilation systems
July 17, 2017 
Tags: alumni, Faculty







// Engineering Physics, Materials Science & Engineering Founders of NovoMoto to present at WI CleanTech Forum
July 14, 2017 
Tags: graduate student, students







// Civil & Environmental Engineering Raising awareness about wind energy in Wisconsin and the Upper Midwest
July 14, 2017 
Tags: Faculty







// Biomedical Engineering Advance furthers stem cells for use in drug discovery, cell therapy
July 14, 2017 
Tags: Faculty, research







‹ Prev

1
2
3
4
5
 Next ›















 











 







	Plastic Resin News
































                                                        Register







Forgot
                                                        your password?
















































ABOUT US REQUEST RESIN RESEARCH SUPPORT CENTER Expand SUPPORT CENTER CONTACT US













News
Back to Headlines











Bemis chairman led innovationsNEENAH, Dec 26, 2011 (The Post-Crescent - McClatchy-Tribune Information Services via COMTEX) --
Copyright (C) 2011, The Post-Crescent, Appleton, Wis.
Jeff Curler never worked directly for his late father during nearly four decades with Bemis Co. and makes no apologies for following in his footsteps.
"I was 25 years behind my father in everything," said Curler, 61, who retired this month as executive chairman of the global flexible packaging firm. "He was 25 years older than me (born 1925 versus 1950). He graduated from chemical engineering school at Wisconsin 25 years before I did (1948 vs. 1973). I've been kind of following him for a long time."
The late Howard Curler, who co-founded New London-based Curwood, a cheese-packaging business, which Bemis acquired in 1965, concluded his career as Bemis' top executive. He transformed Bemis in the 1970s and '80s to focus on its core flexible packaging and pressure sensitive materials businesses, while shedding divisions that didn't fit.
After graduating from UW-Madison in 1973, Jeff Curler rose through the ranks and helped Bemis technical teams continue its innovative edge, using proprietary processes and material science expertise to accelerate product development.
"My philosophy always was you can't get ahead just because you have the same name," Curler said. "You've got to work as hard, if not harder, than anybody else."
Melanie Miller, Bemis vice president of investor relations/ treasurer, said Jeff Curler took the business further.
"(He took) what his father left him and expanded it internationally and continued to grow as the leader globally and really took the technology focus and the innovation focus that his father had started and continued to expand it around Bemis," she said.
Both Miller and Henry Theisen, who succeeded Curler as president and CEO, credited Curler's listening skills, vision, decisiveness and low-key but open leadership style for helping to grow Bemis, which will exceed $5 billion in sales this year.
"A lot of the core technologies that allowed Curwood (Bemis' largest division) to grow and Bemis to grow were developed under his leadership," Theisen said. "Jeff has always promoted technology, innovation and problem solving."
The company's board of directors in November renamed one of its buildings in Neenah the Jeffrey H. Curler Bemis Innovation Center, recognizing his contributions to the business.
Looking back
Reflecting on his early days, Curler recalled his first office in the New London plant.
Curler dove into research and development of basic film development, searching for ways to extend product shelf lives and provide customer convenience in packaging.
He recognized his father, whom he described as "a neat entrepreneurial guy," had invented Curpolene 200, a combination of polypropylene and cellophane in the 1960s that gave Curwood a technological edge as a cheese packaging material.
"That was really kind of the building block for the success of Curwood," he said. "From the beginning, Curwood was the most profitable part of Bemis Co."
Along the way, Bemis bought a plant in Kentucky that made nylon resin. "The guy that ran that business was just a genius in regards to polymer chemistry," Curler said. "I learned a lot from him and it was a lot of fun. We developed some nylon films that were so totally unique in the industry that we just took over markets. Even today we probably have 85 percent of all of the bacon packaging. That was because of our development of unique nylon films."
"Bemis interestingly started 100 years before Curwood did," Curler said of Bemis Brothers Bag Co., which started in 1858 making cotton bags for grain and other items. The packaging business evolved from cotton to burlap, to paper, then plastic.
Thanks in part to his chemical engineering background and leadership, Bemis today has a strong technical base in polymer chemistry, film extrusion, coating and laminating, printing and converting.
During the 1980s, Bemis created packaging solutions for customer convenience, including frozen entree trays, heat-n-pouches and vacuum-packed brick pack coffee packages.
"In our company we have a lot of patented products," Curler said. "We also have a lot of process technology that's unique to us."
When Curler was promoted to a variety of management roles over the years, he also exhibited a strong business acumen that helped leverage the Bemis technical expertise, grow the customer base and generate financial strength that positioned the firm as a market leader with a global reach.
In 1996, when Curler became Bemis president, the firm had sales of $1.65 billion and 8,876 employees.
Today Bemis has 80 facilities in 12 countries and employs about 20,000 people worldwide, including 10,226 in the U.S., 4,320 in Wisconsin, 3,977 in the Fox Valley and 264 in its Neenah corporate headquarters.
"Companies have to grow," Curler said. "If you're not moving ahead, you go the other way."
Curler said his most important decision came when Bemis moved into Brazil.
"We are the largest packaging company in South America," he said. "We have over $1 billion in sales in that part of the world. That was a very important decision. It's a very profitable region of the world for us right now."
For a company that was once focused on being more North American-centric, Curler said, "Now about a third of our sales are outside of North America and a big chunk of that is in South America."
Miller said Curler did an extraordinary job dealing with Bemis shareholders, explaining the benefits of such things as blow film technology or metalized film versus foil lamination.
"He really has been an icon of Bemis the last decade with the shareholder base and really helped educate the shareholders on the common-sense chemical engineering behind the products that we're making," she said.
During plant tours with shareholders, Curler had the answers to virtually any questions about machines. "He probably could run the machine if we really wanted him to," Miller said. "And, he could very often walk up to the operator and shake their hand and know their first name. It was fun the familiarity he had with the business and the operations."
Headquarters moves
Curler said the relocation of Bemis headquarters from Minneapolis to Neenah in 2006 was a logical move.
"We had committed to this area as far as operations. I thought that if we were going to make this company bigger and better in the future, it would be good for the whole executive management team to be closer to what we actually did," he said. "We had a real commitment to Wisconsin and the operations and the amount of net worth of the company that was over here."
Asked what he is most proud of, Curler said, "I'm really proud of the fact that I was able to blend a very good business career with a great family life."
As for retirement, Curler doesn't have any firm plans -- except to continuing serving on the board of directors of a Minneapolis firm and keep visiting an office at One Neenah Center in downtown Neenah.
"It's been tradition at Bemis that the retiring CEO chairman can keep an office as long as they want," he said. "So I have an office there. Actually it had been my father's office so I'm going to have a place to go to read the Wall Street Journal."
News Provided by  COMTEX









                            Privacy Statement  | Copyright © 2017 The Plastics
                            Exchange. LLC. | Patent Protected | All Rights Reserved.
















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




TPM Takes A Closer Look At Ron Johnson’s Business Success – Talking Points Memo                       Send Comments & News Tips      Account Settings    Bookmarks    Sign Out  Join Prime Bookmarks New to You Longform The Hive   Sections  All News Livewire Editors' Blog TPM DC TPM Cafe Muckraker World News Longform 5 Points This Chart Idealab Podcasts Poll Tracker StorePublished Since 2000               TPM DC  In it, but not of it.    TPM Takes A Closer Look At Ron Johnson’s Business Success    SHARE     TWEET     PIN-IT         By Brian Beutler Published October 15, 2010 5:11 am   Views                              Ron Johnson’s campaign for Wisconsin Senate is premised largely on the notion that he’s a successful businessman who knows how to create jobs.Johnson owns a plastics company called PACUR in Oshkosh, WI. According to a recent report by the business research firm Investext, PACUR enjoyed estimated annual sales of $36 million, and employeed 100 people in 2009. His spokeswoman, Sara Sendek says it’s a bit bigger than that — about 120 employees.With unemployment sky high, Johnson’s been able to capitalize, politically, on his success, and has been leading his opponent, Sen. Russ Feingold (D-WI), in the polls since July. “I’m not a politician,” Johnson says in a recent ad. “I’m an accountant and a manufacturer. I know how to balance a budget, and I do know how to create jobs.’  However, Johnson’s usually mum about the fact that one of his largest clients is Bemis, a publicly traded company founded by his now-deceased father in law, and currently run by his brother in law, Jeffrey Curler.“Certainly Ron had help and support starting his business, as many businesses do, but Ron has also worked incredibly hard in every phase of the business to make it successful,” Sendek says.Johnson joined PACUR in 1979, to help a different brother-in-law, Pat Curler, run what had — until then — been a Curler family business. In fact, the name PACUR is the hybrid of the names Pat and Curler.According to proxy statements Bemis filed with the SEC, “During 2009, we and our subsidiaries purchased, at market competitive prices, approximately $9.5 million of polyester and polyester copolymer products from Pacur, Inc. Ronald Johnson, brother-in-law of Jeffrey H. Curler, is President of Pacur, Inc. Mr. Curler is Chairman of the Board of the Company and our Executive Chairman.”Bemis has made similar, major purchases every year going back years, ranging in size from $6.1 million (in 1998) to $12.6 million (in 2006).Sendek says that Bemis now constitutes less than 10 percent of PACUR’s business. The Investext numbers imply more than that, but in any case, Sendek says, “they would still be viable without it.”But it wasn’t always that way.According to Johnson’s campaign bio, “With the help and dedication of the fine people Ron had the privilege of working with, PACUR has grown from a company supplying a single customer to the largest producer in the world of a specialty plastic used in medical device packaging and high tech printing applications.”That single customer? Bemis. Or, rather, the company that became Bemis according to The Northwesterner.Sendek says that in the years since, PACUR has done business with about 1700 clients in 25 countries.Broadly speaking, Johnson’s company extrudes rolls of rigid polyester and sells those rolls to Bemis, which further converts them and sells them all to medical device manufacturers and pharmaceutical companiesOne source with knowledge of the plastics industry in the Midwest questions why Bemis even needs to contract out to PACUR for the plastics. “Why in the world would a company like Bemis not have the technology?” the source asked. “They could make a better film today.”Johnson’s critics have argued that these details belie the image Johnson is trying to create for himself of an up-by-the-bootstraps entrepreneur. If Johnson wins anyhow, he’ll join several dozen other members of the Senate who’ve had a leg up in life. The TPM Poll Average gives Johnson a 52.2-44.0 lead over Feingold, one of the Senate’s most liberal members. If Johnson wins, it will likely constitute the most dramatic single-seat swing from left to right of the entire cycle.    ABOUT THE AUTHOR     Brian Beutler  Follow @brianbeutler    Brian Beutler is TPM's senior congressional reporter. Since 2009, he's led coverage of health care reform, Wall Street reform, taxes, the GOP budget, the government shutdown fight and the debt limit fight. He can be reached at brian@talkingpointsmemo.com LIKE US ON FACEBOOK    PIN-IT     TWEET     SHARE               ADVERTISEMENT   LiveWire   NRA Spokesperson Doesn't Seem Happy About White House's Scaramucci Hire about 11 hours ago  Cameron Joseph contributed reporting. Conservative radio host and spokesperson for the National Riffle Association...  Scaramucci: 'Probably Some Level Of Truth' To Claim Millions Voted Illegally about 11 hours ago  New White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci refused on Friday to distance himself from...  Scaramucci: 'I Actually Think The White House Is On Track' about 12 hours ago  In his first press briefing as the new White House communications director, Anthony Scaramucci...  Scaramucci Apologizes For Calling Trump A 'Hack' In 2015 about 12 hours ago  Newly minted White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci apologized “for the 50th time” Friday...  Trump Thanks Spicer, Congratulates Him On 'Great Television Ratings' about 12 hours ago  President Donald Trump thanked Sean Spicer for his service as press secretary and welcomed... ADVERTISEMENT  Most Popular ADVERTISEMENT   Talking Points Memo ADVERTISEMENT   The Hive TOP DISCUSSIONSCOMMENTS  ADVERTISEMENT                About Terms of Use Careers Site Status Advertise ContactEditor & Publisher Josh MarshallManaging Editor David KurtzSenior Editor Catherine ThompsonNews Editor David TaintorInvestigations Desk Sam ThielmanReporters Tierney Sneed Allegra Kirkland Alice OllsteinNewswriters Esme Cribb Nichole Lafond Caitlin Mac Neal Matt ShuhamEditor-at-Large John B. JudisFront Page Editor Summer ConcepcionSocial Media Editor Cristina CabreraPublishing Fellow Annie ReesGeneral Manager & General Counsel Millet IsraeliSenior Vice President for Advertising Strategy Will JohnsonExecutive Publisher Joe RagazzoDirector of Product & Creative Development Derick DirmaierDirector of Technology Matthew WozniakUX/UI Designer Christine FrapechPublishing Fellow Jackie Wilhelm @ 2017 TPM Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.            



Jeffrey Curler, Chief Executive Officer, Valspar Flooring Div | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | Jeffrey Curler


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













Jeffrey Curler

Jeff Curler, Mr? Curler, CEO/Top Curler, Curler Jeffrey, JEFFREY H CURLER



Chief Executive Officer, Valspar Flooring Div




Minneapolis, MN




Find other people named Jeffrey Curler




General Info


Paint and Coating Manufacturing



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



Jeffrey H. Curler
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Bemis Company, Inc.
Mr. Curler is Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Bemis Company, Inc. He served as President from 1996 until 2007, and has been Chief Executive Officer since 2000. He was Chief Operating Officer from 1998 to 2000. Since joining Bemis Company in 1973, he has held several positions in research, product development and engineering.


Not who you're looking for?
Find other Jeffrey Curlers on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



www.valspar.net/



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Valspar Flooring Div

Chief Executive Officer





EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo





EXECUTIVES & FEATURED PEOPLE AT Valspar Flooring Div








Charles Gaillard

Retired President, General Mills
Jan-2012








TARI ROWAN

CS manager









Bruce Drake

Director, Technical Operations









Kate Warner

VP, Information Systems and Furniture Solutions









JOE CABANAS










Larry Brandenburger










ALEX MORRONE










Gary Hendrickson

Senior Vice President









BOB GREYWITT










BURT MARCHMAN

Sales Director
















Created on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 







Edited on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 




PAGE COMPLETION

40%




Summary




Industry




Website/Blog




Career




Add 3 Achievements



Add Education



Add a Video



Add a Social Network



Add a Photo



Add 3 Notable Links



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c1000af09e8" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/jeffrey-curler-3e1429c09e597c1000af09e8">Jeffrey Curler</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for Jeffrey.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















jeffrey h curler - Glamor Bank - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation









Web


Images
Images


















Search the Web


 





























We Found Jeffrey Curler | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Jeffrey Curler's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Location History



Photos & Videos



Email Address





Curler up to 70% cheaper - Find cheap Curler at BEST-DEAL.com.



Ad
 ·
www.Curler.best-deal.com



Find cheap Curler at BEST-DEAL.com. Over 6.000 shops & 23 Mil products!




Curler up to 75% cheaper | Curler.BEST-PRICE.com



Ad
 ·
www.Curler.BEST-PRICE.com



Buy super cheap Curler & save now at BEST-PRICE.com: the shop expert!





Health and Beauty



Perfumes and Colognes



Personal Care



Cosmetics



Nutrition




Web Results

Jeffrey H. Curler - Executive Bio, Compensation History ...

people.equilar.com/bio/jeffrey-curler-valspar/salary/33254


View Jeffrey H. Curler, Lead Independent Director at The Valspar Corporation, Minneapolis, MN, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at The Valspar ...


Mr. Jeffrey H. Curler - Executive Bio & Compensation History

executives.findthecompany.com/l/68502/Mr-Jeffrey-H-Curler


Find compensation and employment information for Mr. Jeffrey H. Curler (Bemis), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


Jeffrey H Curler - Neenah, WI | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/Jeffrey-Curler/Neenah-WI/0C7PKXHDDGA


Get full contact details for Jeffrey H Curler in Neenah, WI instantly. We found 8 addresses, 5 phone numbers, and 5 relatives and/or associates connected with this ...


Jeffrey Curler | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeffrey-curler-a6518b55


View Jeffrey Curler’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Jeffrey Curler discover inside ...


Jeffrey H Curler - Minneapolis, MN | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/Jeffrey-Curler/Minneapolis-MN/09CC...


Get full contact details for Jeffrey H Curler in Minneapolis, MN instantly. We found 2 addresses, 0 phone numbers, and 0 relatives and/or associates connected with ...


Jeffrey Curler - Previous Chairman for Bemis Company Inc

https://www.corporationwiki.com/Wisconsin/Neenah/jeffrey-h-curler...


View Jeffrey H Curler's profile for company associations, background information, and partnerships. Search our database of over 100 million company and executive ...


Jeffrey Curler - President for Bemis Healthcare Packaging

https://www.corporationwiki.com/.../jeffrey-h-curler/59102037.aspx


View Jeffrey H Curler's profile for company associations, background information, and partnerships. Search our database of over 100 million company and executive ...


Jeffrey H. Curler - Biography - 4-Traders

www.4-traders.com/business-leaders/Jeffrey-Curler-05DYW7-E/biography


Mr. Jeffrey H. Curler is on the Board of Directors at The Valspar Corp. Mr. Curler was previously employed as President by Curwood, Inc. and Chairman by Bemis Co., Inc.


Jeffrey H Curler Innovation Center - Bemis Company ...

https://bemis-company-wi-11.hub.biz


Check Phone, Address, Reviews, Complaints, Compliments and Similar Businesses to BEMIS COMPANY - BEMIS COMPANY - Jeffrey H Curler Innovation Center - Neenah - 2301 ...


Jeffrey Curler | Bemis Company , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

www.zoominfo.com/p/Jeffrey-Curler/19196102


Jeffrey H. Curler Retired Executive Chairman, Bemis Company, Inc. Director since 1997 Mr. Curler retired as Chairman Emeritus and a director from Bemis Company, Inc ...










We Found Jeffrey Curler | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Jeffrey Curler's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Location History



Photos & Videos



Email Address





Curler up to 70% cheaper - Find cheap Curler at BEST-DEAL.com.



Ad
 ·
www.Curler.best-deal.com



Find cheap Curler at BEST-DEAL.com. Over 6.000 shops & 23 Mil products!




Curler up to 75% cheaper | Curler.BEST-PRICE.com



Ad
 ·
www.Curler.BEST-PRICE.com



Buy super cheap Curler & save now at BEST-PRICE.com: the shop expert!





Health and Beauty



Perfumes and Colognes



Personal Care



Cosmetics



Nutrition



12345Next
















Search the Web























© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network












Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          




























Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started































 

Simplify your life with Amazon PrimeWhere savings happen and entertainment lives. 







Start your 30-day Prime free trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month.  Cancel anytime.
                    
                              See more plans  ›


Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    












v




























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          




















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















