
 
CVC Credit Partners - Our Products





 







Home
About us
Our Industry
Awards
Corporate Responsibility

Our Products
Our Portfolio

Global Investment Strategies

Asset Management
Investment Process

Our People

Contact Us
Investor Relations
Employment
Press Enquiries

cvc.com





Investor login
Media Centre





Proven expertise investing across the capital structure



Proven expertise investing across the capital structure



Proven expertise investing across the capital structure



Proven expertise investing across the capital structure



Proven expertise investing across the capital structure



Proven expertise investing across the capital structure





Home
Our Products




Our Products
Our Portfolio





Our Products
CVC Credit Partners structures and manages tailored funds and vehicles to an agreed investment strategy depending on investor risk appetite and asset allocation preference. The teams across the US and Europe source and manage assets across the sub-investment grade debt capital markets.
Growth of AUM
($ Billions)

All amounts as at 31 March 2017. Commitment figure used for pooled-closed end funds and separately managed accounts in ramping phase. Underlying figures not in U.S. Dollars are converted using a spot rate as at 31 March 2017. Includes assets and Funds managed by CVC Credit Partners Limited, CVC Credit Partners Investment Management Limited, CVC Credit Partners European CLO Management LLP and CVC Credit Partners U.S. CLO Management LLC, SEC registered relying adviser.


Related information
Our Portfolio
Asset Management







Copyright © 2007-2016 CVC Capital Partners SICAV-FIS S.A. | Sitemap | Legal/Privacy/Cookies | Accessibility
 Email page | Bookmark page | Print page






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 




CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P.  Funding details


CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001684555Address: 712 FIFTH AVENUE, 42ND FLOOR  NEW YORK 10019Phone number: 212-506-3858



Latest news
CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P. raised $181,145,788 from 2 investors on 2016-11-03.



CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-03New Form DIndefinite$181,145,788Indefinite$0206b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P. raised $181,145,788 in total.



Directors and Executives of CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P.
Key People in CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P.:

TOM NEWBERRYDAVID DESANTIS
Similar companiesCVC GLOBAL CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P., CVC GLOBAL CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND, LTD., CVCertify, Inc., CVC European Infrastructure Partners (A) L.P., CVC Beacon LLC, CVC Capital Partners VI (A) L.P., CVC Capital Partners VI (B) L.P., CVC Capital Partners VI (C) L.P., CVC Capital Partners VI (D) S.L.P., CVC Capital Partners VI Associates L.P., CVC Capital Partners Asia Pacific IV L.P., CVC Capital Partners Asia IV Associates L.P.








Last visited companies: Cormorant Global Healthcare Fund, LP, Cormorant Global Healthcare Offshore Fund, Ltd., SFP Casa Grande 16, LLC, Highclere International Investors Emerging Markets SMID Fund, HIGHCLERE INTERNATIONAL INVESTORS SMALLER COMPANIES FUND

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P.
List of persons related to the company CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001684555Company address: 712 FIFTH AVENUE, 42ND FLOOR  NEW YORK 10019Phone number: 212-506-3858



People related to CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryDESANTIS  DAVID712 FIFTH AVENUE, 42ND FLOOR NEW YORKNYNEWBERRY  TOM712 FIFTH AVENUE, 42ND FLOOR NEW YORKNY




CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesCVC Beacon LLC, CVC Capital Partners Asia IV Associates L.P., CVC Capital Partners Asia Pacific IV L.P., CVC Capital Partners Strategic Opportunities Compounding Capital L.P., CVC Capital Partners VI (A) L.P., CVC Capital Partners VI (B) L.P., CVC Capital Partners VI (C) L.P., CVC Capital Partners VI (D) S.L.P., CVC Capital Partners VI Associates L.P., CVC Capital Partners VII(A) L.P., CVC Credit Partners European Mid-Market Solution Feeder Fund (E), L.P, CVC Credit Partners European Mid-Market Solutions Parallel Feeder Fund (DL), L.P., CVC Credit Partners Global Special Situations Fund, L.P., CVC Credit Partners Global Special Situations USD Fund, L.P., CVC European Infrastructure Partners (A) L.P.












 








CVC Credit Partners, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 5:08 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of CVC Credit Partners, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
CVC Credit Partners, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to institutional investors and high-net worth individuals. It manages separate client-focused fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in fixed income markets of U.S. and Europe. It primarily invests in leveraged and performing credit, alternative credit, special situations, mid-market lending, currency forwards and other derivative instruments. The firm employs a combination of in-house and external research to make its investments. It was formerly known as Apidos Capital Management. The firm was founded in January 2005 and is based in New York, New York with an additional office in L...
CVC Credit Partners, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to institutional investors and high-net worth individuals. It manages separate client-focused fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in fixed income markets of U.S. and Europe. It primarily invests in leveraged and performing credit, alternative credit, special situations, mid-market lending, currency forwards and other derivative instruments. The firm employs a combination of in-house and external research to make its investments. It was formerly known as Apidos Capital Management. The firm was founded in January 2005 and is based in New York, New York with an additional office in London, United Kingdom. CVC Credit Partners, LLC operates as a subsidiary of CVC Credit Partners L.P.
Detailed Description


712 Fifth Avenue42nd FloorNew York, NY 10019United StatesFounded in 2005



Phone: 212-506-3858

Fax: 212-245-6372








Key Executives for CVC Credit Partners, LLC




Mr. Marc Boughton


      	Managing Partner, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. Thomas L. Newberry


      	Partner
      








Mr. Thomas C. Elliott


      	Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 44
        







Mr. Christopher Dillon Allen J.D.


      	Chief Operating Officer, Partner and Member of the Management Board
      


Age: 48
        







Mr. Stephen Hickey


      	Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

CVC Credit Partners, LLC Key Developments

CVC Credit Partners, LLC Presents at Context Summits Europe 2017, May-07-2017
May 4 17
CVC Credit Partners, LLC Presents at Context Summits Europe 2017, May-07-2017 . Venue: Hotel W Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain.


CVC Credit Partners, LLC Presents at Private Debt European Forum, May-30-2017 09:30 AM
Apr 18 17
CVC Credit Partners, LLC Presents at Private Debt European Forum, May-30-2017 09:30 AM. Venue: Paris Marriott Champs Elysees Hotel, Paris, France. Speakers: Neale Broadhead, Managing Director and Portfolio Manager.


CVC Credit Partners, LLC Presents at 3rd Annual Investors' Conference on European CLOs and Leveraged Loans, Apr-04-2016 11:30 AM
Apr 1 16
CVC Credit Partners, LLC Presents at 3rd Annual Investors' Conference on European CLOs and Leveraged Loans, Apr-04-2016 11:30 AM. Venue: London Hilton on Park Lane, 22 Park Lane, London W1K 1BE, United Kingdom. Speakers: Jonathan Christian Bowers, Partner and Senior Portfolio Manager.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      August 2, 2016
			    
Northport Capital, LLC, Certain Assets





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact CVC Credit Partners, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























 
CVC Credit Partners - Our People





 







Home
About us
Our Industry
Awards
Corporate Responsibility

Our Products
Our Portfolio

Global Investment Strategies

Asset Management
Investment Process

Our People

Contact Us
Investor Relations
Employment
Press Enquiries

cvc.com





Investor login
Media Centre





Proven expertise investing across the capital structure



Proven expertise investing across the capital structure



Proven expertise investing across the capital structure



Proven expertise investing across the capital structure



Proven expertise investing across the capital structure



Proven expertise investing across the capital structure





Home
Our People




Our People



Our People
CVC Credit Partners has a dedicated team of 50 investment professionals, with an average of 14 years' experience, which oversees the management of these U.S. and European sub-investment grade assets.


Filter by office: 

All
United Kingdom
United States of America






Forename
Surname
Position
Country


Julia
Agafonova
Director, Fund Administration
United Kingdom


Othman
Alaoui
Investment Director
United Kingdom


Oscar
Anderson
Managing Director, Portfolio Manager
United States of America


Eric
Ballantine
Director
United States of America


Saira
Bano
Operations Analyst
United States of America


Prabhjot
Bansil
Settlements Administrator
United Kingdom


Caroline
Benton
Managing Director, Portfolio Manager
United States of America


Gretchen
Bergstresser
Partner
United States of America


Miklavz
Bevc
Investment Director
United States of America


Jonathan
Bowers
Partner, Senior Portfolio Manager
United Kingdom


Brandon
Bradkin
Partner and Chief Operating Officer
United Kingdom


Julian
Brais
Investment Director
United States of America


Neale
Broadhead
Managing Director, Portfolio Manager
United Kingdom


Scott
Bynum
Managing Director, Portfolio Manager
United States of America


Jorge
Campos
Compliance Associate
United States of America


Priyanka
Chaudhuri
Senior Compliance Associate
United States of America


Catalin
Cibu
Investment Director
United States of America


Dominic
Connelly
Investment Director
United Kingdom


LynnAnn
Corso
Director
United States of America


Andrew
Davies
Senior Managing Director, Portfolio Manager
United Kingdom


Alvaro
del Barco Delgado
Investment Executive
United Kingdom


Mark
DeNatale
Partner and Global Head of Special Situations
United States of America


David
DeSantis
Managing Director, Head of US Middle Market Lending
United States of America


Anthony
DiBella
Operations Analyst
United States of America


Nikita
Fedyuk
Investment Director
United Kingdom


Chris
Fowler
Managing Director
United Kingdom


Bish
Gautam
Analyst
United Kingdom


Mitchell
Glynn
Investment Director
United Kingdom


Andy
Haven
Director, Finance
United Kingdom


Tom
Hayhurst
Reporting Analyst
United Kingdom


Veyoma
Hevamanage
Director, Legal
United Kingdom


Stephen
Hickey
Managing Partner
United States of America


Christopher
Hojlo
Managing Director
United States of America


Teleri
Hollis
Analyst
United Kingdom


Gregory
Jones
Associate, Investor Relations
United Kingdom


Ran
Landmann
Managing Director, Portfolio Manager
United Kingdom


Stuart
Levett
Managing Director
United Kingdom


Kassia
Lewis-DeBoos
Paralegal
United Kingdom


Samantha
Ling
Portfolio Analyst
United States of America


Jeremy
Love
Director
United States of America


François
Manivel
Director
United Kingdom


Marcos
Martinez Tello
Investment Executive
United Kingdom


Jason
Melser
Vice President, Investor Relations
United States of America


Edward
Michel
Investment Director
United Kingdom


Andrew
Milano
Investment Director
United States of America


Brian
Miller
Investment Director
United States of America


Colin
Morse
Associate
United States of America


Tom
Newberry
Partner
United States of America


Kevin
O'Meara
Managing Director, Portfolio Manager
United States of America


Brian
O'Reilly
Managing Director
United States of America


Nirav
Parekh
Reporting Specialist
United Kingdom


Jan
Peisert
Investment Director
United States of America


Richard
Perris
General Counsel, CVC Credit Partners
United States of America


Christine
Perry
Investment Executive
United States of America


Sue
Player
Director
United Kingdom


Philip
Raciti
Senior Managing Director, Portfolio Manager
United States of America


Irina
Romanova
Administrative Analyst
United States of America


David
Rous
Managing Director
United States of America


Alexander
Roy
Investment Executive
United Kingdom


Peter
Selwyn
Managing Director, Finance
United Kingdom


Andrew
Shields
Operations Analyst
United States of America


Anna
Spector
Chief Compliance Officer
United States of America


Justin
Sughrue
Managing Director
United States of America


Guillaume
Tarneaud
Managing Director, Portfolio Manager
United Kingdom


Lowell
Thomas
Investment Director
United States of America


David
Tomea
Head of US Operations, CVC Credit Partners
United States of America


Daniel
Vincett
Operations Analyst
United Kingdom


Frances
Ward
Director
United States of America


Joseph
Westreich
Controller
United States of America


Molly
Whiteman
Director
United States of America


Yudith
Yuana
Portfolio Surveillance Manager
United Kingdom


Simone
Zacchi
Director
United Kingdom







Copyright © 2007-2016 CVC Capital Partners SICAV-FIS S.A. | Sitemap | Legal/Privacy/Cookies | Accessibility
 Email page | Bookmark page | Print page










Membership Interest Purchase Agreement By And Among Cvc Credit Partners U.s. Lending I, L.p., Coller International Partners Vii, L.p., Coller International Partners Vii Parallel Fund, L.p., And Coller International Partners Vii Luxembourg, Slp (solely With Respect To Section 6.7 Hereto) - Llc Membership Agreement  - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > LLC Membership Agreement      > MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG CVC CREDIT PARTNERS U.S. LENDING I, L.P., COLLER INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS VII, L.P., COLLER INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS VII PARALLEL FUND, L.P., AND COLLER INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS VII LUXEMBOURG, SLP (solely with respect to Section 6.7 hereto)

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Membership Interest Purchase Agreement By And Among Cvc Credit Partners U.s. Lending I, L.p., Coller International Partners Vii, L.p., Coller International Partners Vii Parallel Fund, L.p., And Coller International Partners Vii Luxembourg, Slp (solely With Respect To Section 6.7 Hereto)
LLC Membership Agreement 



You are currently viewing:
 This LLC Membership Agreement  involves RESOURCE CAPITAL CORP. | Coller International Partners VII Parallel Fund, LP | Coller International Partners VII, LP | CVC CREDIT PARTNERS US LENDING I, LP | NEW NP, LLC | Northport TRS, LLC | Resource Capital Corp. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG CVC CREDIT PARTNERS U.S. LENDING I, L.P., COLLER INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS VII, L.P., COLLER INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS VII PARALLEL FUND, L.P., AND COLLER INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS VII LUXEMBOURG, SLP (solely with respect to Section 6.7 hereto) Governing Law: New York      Date: 8/5/2016 Industry: Real Estate Operations      Law Firm: Cleary Gottlieb;Covington Burling      Sector: Services









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









Exhibit 10.1

E XECUTION V ERSION
C ONFIDENTIAL

MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

BY AND AMONG

CVC CREDIT PARTNERS U.S. LENDING
I, L.P.,

COLLER INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS
VII, L.P., COLLER INTERNATIONAL

PARTNERS VII PARALLEL FUND, L.P.,
AND COLLER INTERNATIONAL

PARTNERS VII LUXEMBOURG, SLP
(solely with respect to Section 6.7 hereto),

NEW NP, LLC,

AND

RESOURCE CAPITAL CORP. (solely
with respect to Section 6.8 hereto)

Dated as of August 1,
2016
 



TABLE OF CONTENTS
 













 


 


 


  



Page


 




ARTICLE 1 THE
TRANSACTIONS


  


 



1


  










1.1


 



Purchase and Sale of Purchased
Membership Interests


  


 



1


  










1.2


 



Closing and Closing
Deliveries


  


 



2


  










1.3


 



Post-Closing Adjustment


  


 



3


  








ARTICLE 2
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES REGARDING THE COMPANY


  


 



5


  










2.1


 



Organization, Standing and
Power


  


 



5


  










2.2


 



Membership Interests; No
Subsidiaries


  


 



5


  










2.3


 



No Conflicts; Consents


  


 



6


  










2.4


 



Financial Statements


  


 



6


  










2.5


 



Absence of Undisclosed
Liabilities


  


 



7


  










2.6


 



Absence of Certain Changes or
Events


  


 



7


  










2.7


 



Tax Matters


  


 



7


  










2.8


 



Compliance with Laws


  


 



8


  










2.9


 



Employees


  


 



8


  










2.10


 



Company Loans


  


 



8


  










2.11


 



Material Contracts


  


 



9


  










2.12


 



Litigation


  


 



10


  










2.13


 



Real Property


  


 



10


  










2.14


 



Transactions with
Affiliates


  


 



10


  










2.15


 



No Illegal Payments


  


 



10


  










2.16


 



Brokers and Finders; Transaction
Fees


  


 



11


  








ARTICLE 3
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES REGARDING SELLER


  


 



11


  










3.1


 



Organization, Standing and
Power


  


 



11


  










3.2


 



Authority; No Breach


  


 



11


  










3.3


 



Membership Interests


  


 



12


  










3.4


 



Compliance with Laws


  


 



12


  










3.5


 



Litigation


  


 



12


  










3.6


 



Brokers and Finders


  


 



12


  










3.7


 



No Other Representations or
Warranties


  


 



13


  




 
-i-



TABLE OF CONTENTS
 













 


 


 


  



Page


 




ARTICLE 4
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES REGARDING PURCHASER


  


 



13


  










4.1


 



Organization, Standing and
Power


  


 



13


  










4.2


 



Authority; No Breach By
Agreement


  


 



13


  










4.3


 



Compliance with Laws


  


 



14


  










4.4


 



Litigation


  


 



14


  










4.5


 



Brokers and Finders


  


 



14


  










4.6


 



Sufficiency of Funds


  


 



14


  










4.7


 



No Other Representations or
Warranties


  


 



14


  








ARTICLE 5
CONDUCT OF THE COMPANY


  


 



14


  










5.1


 



Conduct of the Company


  


 



14


  








ARTICLE 6
ADDITIONAL COVENANTS


  


 



16


  










6.1


 



Confidentiality


  


 



16


  










6.2


 



Press Releases;
Disclosure


  


 



16


  










6.3


 



Tax Matters


  


 



17


  










6.4


 



Expenses


  


 



19


  










6.5


 



Master Participation and Assignment
Agreement


  


 



19


  










6.6


 



RELEASE


  


 



19


  










6.7


 



Purchaser Parent
Guarantee


  


 



20


  










6.8


 



Seller Parent Assurance


  


 



21


  










6.9


 



Termination of Affiliated
Agreements


  


 



22


  










6.10


 



Power of Attorney


  


 



22


  








ARTICLE 7
CONDITIONS TO CLOSING


  


 



23


  










7.1


 



Conditions to Each Party’s
Obligations


  


 



23


  










7.2


 



Conditions to Obligation of
Purchaser


  


 



23


  










7.3


 



Conditions to Obligation of
Seller


  


 



23


  








ARTICLE 8
TERMINATION


  


 



24


  










8.1


 



Termination


  


 



24


  








ARTICLE 9
INDEMNIFICATION


  


 



24


  










9.1


 



Survival


  


 



24


  










9.2


 



Indemnification of Purchaser
Indemnified Parties


  


 



25


  




 
-ii-



TABLE OF CONTENTS
 













 


 


 


  



Page


 










9.3


 



Indemnification of Seller
Indemnified Parties


  


 



25


  










9.4


 



Certain Limitations on
Indemnification Obligations


  


 



25


  










9.5


 



Payment Adjustments for Insurance
Proceeds


  


 



26


  










9.6


 



Transferring Loans Indemnity and
Protections


  


 



26


  










9.7


 



Sole Remedy


  


 



27


  










9.8


 



Indemnification
Procedures


  


 



27


  










9.9


 



Treatment of Indemnification
Payments


  


 



29


  








ARTICLE 10
MISCELLANEOUS


  


 



29


  










10.1


 



Definitions


  


 



29


  










10.2


 



Disclosure Schedules


  


 



38


  










10.3


 



Entire Agreement


  


 



39


  










10.4


 



Amendments


  


 



39


  










10.5


 



Waivers


  


 



39


  










10.6


 



Assignment


  


 



39


  










10.7


 



Notices


  


 



40


  










10.8


 



Governing Law; Jurisdiction and
Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury


  


 



41


  










10.9


 



Remedies; Specific
Performance


  


 



41


  










10.10


 



Counterparts


  


 



42


  










10.11


 



Interpretations


  


 



42


  










10.12


 



Severability


  


 



42


  





Exhibits
 









Exhibit A


  


Company
Loans




Exhibit
B


  


Transferring
Loans




Exhibit C


  


Disclosure
Schedules




Exhibit
D


  


Form of Master
Participation and Assignment Agreement




Exhibit
E


  


Form of Credit
Agreement Amendment




 
-iii-



MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

THIS MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (this “
Agreement ”) is made and entered into as of August 1,
2016, by and among CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P., a
Delaware limited partnership (“ Purchaser ”),
Coller International Partners VII, L.P., a Guernsey limited
partnership, Coller International Partners VII Parallel Fund, L.P.,
a Guernsey limited partnership and Coller International Partners
VII Luxembourg, SLP, a Luxembourg limited partnership
(collectively, “ Purchaser Parents ”) (solely
with respect to Section 6.7 hereof), NEW NP, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (“ Seller ”) and
Resource Capital Corp., a Maryland corporation (“ Seller
Parent ”) (solely with respect to Section 6.8
hereof). Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are
defined in Section 10.1 of this Agreement.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Seller owns 100% of the
membership interests (“ Membership Interests ”)
of Northport TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
“ Company ”);

WHEREAS, on the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth herein, Seller desires to sell to
Purchaser, and Purchaser desires to purchase from Seller, all of
Seller’s right, title and interest in the Membership
Interests (the “ Purchased Membership Interests
”), in each case, in exchange for cash consideration as set
forth herein (the transactions described in this paragraph, the
“ Transactions ”); and

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of
the mutual promises made herein and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

THE TRANSACTIONS

1.1 Purchase and Sale of
Purchased Membership Interests.

(a) Upon the terms and subject to
the conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing, Seller shall
sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to Purchaser, and
Purchaser shall purchase from Seller, free and clear of any and all
Liens (other than Permitted Liens), the Purchased Membership
Interests in exchange for the Purchase Price, subject to any other
rights or obligations set forth in this Agreement.

(b) Prior to the Closing, Seller
shall deliver to Purchaser an executed certificate setting forth a
good faith estimate of Seller as of the Closing Date in reasonable
detail: (i) the Repaid Principal Amount for each Company Loan; (ii)
the Accrued Interest Amount for each Company Loan; (iii) the
Accrued Fee Amount for each Company Loan; (iv) Accrued Payables;
(v) the Purchase Price calculated based on each of the foregoing
estimates and the other definitions herein (the “
Estimated Purchase Price ”); (vi) the Intercompany
Note Repayment Amount; (vii) the Transferred Loan Debt Repayment;
(viii) the Outstanding Debt Amount; and (ix) the Closing Payment
calculated based on each of the foregoing estimates and the other
definitions herein (the “ Estimated Closing Payment
”).
 



1.2 Closing and Closing
Deliveries .

(a) Closing . Subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the closing of the
Transactions (the “ Closing ”) shall be by the
electronic exchange of documents or shall take place at the offices
of Covington & Burling LLP, 620 8th Avenue, New York, New York
10018 on August 4, 2016 or on such other date as the Parties shall
mutually agree. The date on which the Closing occurs is
referred to in this Agreement as the “ Closing Date
”.

(b) Closing Deliveries by
Seller . At the Closing, Seller shall deliver or cause to
be delivered to Purchaser the following:

(i) an executed resolution of the
existing managing board of the Company approving the agreed version
of the amended and restated limited liability company operating
agreement of the Company effective as of the Closing Date and
evidencing the admission of Purchaser as the sole member of the
Company;

(ii) written resignation and release
letters, effective as of the Closing Date, of each of the officers
and directors of the Company requested by Purchaser, effectuating
his or her resignation from such position as a member of the Board
of Managers or as officer;

(iii) a good standing certificate
for the Company issued by the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware, dated as of a date not earlier than two Business Days
prior to the Closing;

(iv) a Form W-9, duly executed by
Seller;

(v) a FIRPTA Certificate, duly
executed by Seller, pursuant to Section 6.3(d) ;

(vi) an executed copy of the Credit
Agreement Amendment, together with such documentary evidence, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser, that the
Credit Agreement (as modified by the duly authorized and executed
Credit Agreement Amendment) is in full force and effect;

(vii) an executed copy of the payoff
letter attached hereto as Exhibit 1.2(b)(vii) stating that, upon
payment of the Intercompany Note Repayment Amount as set forth in
Section 1.2(c)(ii) , the Intercompany Note shall be
cancelled and the Company shall have no remaining Liabilities
thereunder;

(viii) a counterpart to the Master
Participation and Assignment Agreement, duly executed by Seller;
and

(ix) a copy of the certificate
required pursuant to Section 7.2(c) .

(c) Closing Payments and
Deliveries of Purchaser . At the Closing, Purchaser shall
deliver or cause to be delivered:
 
-2-



(i) an amount equal to the Estimated
Closing Payment to Seller by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to the accounts designated in writing by Seller to Purchaser
at least two Business Days prior to the Closing;

(ii) on behalf of the Company, an
amount equal to the Intercompany Note Repayment Amount, to Resource
TRS II, Inc. by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the
account designated in writing by Seller to Purchaser at least two
Business Days prior to the Closing;

(iii) on behalf of the Company, to
the Administrative Agent, by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to the Administrative Agent’s Account (as defined in
the Credit Agreement) an amount equal to the Transferred Loan Debt
Repayment;

(iv) a counterpart to the Master
Participation and Assignment Agreement, duly executed by the
Company;

(v) to each payee set forth on
Schedule 10.1 hereto, the amount of Facility Transaction
Fees set forth next to such payee’s name; and

(vi) a copy of the certificate
required pursuant to Section 7.3(c) .

1.3 Post-Closing Adjustment
.

(a) Within 30 days after the Closing
Date Purchaser shall prepare and deliver to Seller a statement (the
“ Closing Date Statement ”) setting forth (i)
the Repaid Principal Amount for each Company Loan; (ii) the Accrued
Interest Amount for each Company Loan; (iii) the Accrued Fee Amount
for each Company Loan; (iv) Accrued Payables; (v) the Purchase
Price calculated based on each of the foregoing amounts and the
other definitions herein (the final determination of Purchase Price
under this Section 1.3 is referred to as “ Final
Purchase Price ”); (vi) the Transferred Loan Debt
Repayment (the final determination of the Transferred Loan Debt
Repayment under this Section 1.3 is referred to as the
“ Final Transferred Loan Debt Repayment ”);
(vii) the Outstanding Debt Amount (the final determination of the
Outstanding Debt Amount under this Section 1.3 is referred
to as the “ Final Outstanding Debt Amount ”);
and (viii) the Closing Payment calculated based on each of the
foregoing estimates and the other definitions herein (the final
determination of the Closing Payment under this Section 1.3
is referred to as the “ Final Closing Payment
”).

(b) The Closing Date Statement and
the Final Purchase Price, Final Transferred Loan Debt Repayment,
Final Outstanding Debt Amount and Final Closing Payment shall
become final and binding upon the Parties and their Affiliates on
the 30th day following receipt thereof by Seller, unless Seller
gives written notice of its disagreement (“ Notice of
Disagreement ”) to Purchaser before such date. The
Notice of Disagreement must set forth and specify in reasonable
detail the nature of the disagreement with Purchaser’s
determination, on an account by account basis, with Final Purchase
Price, Final Transferred Loan Debt Repayment, Final Outstanding
Debt Amount and Final Closing Payment (including Seller’s
determination of such item in dispute) as the case may be, set
forth in the Closing Date Statement. Any item in the Closing
Date Statement that is not objected to in the Notice of
Disagreement shall be deemed final and binding and non-appealable
upon the Parties and their Affiliates. If a Notice
of
 
-3-


Disagreement is received by the Purchaser within
such 30-day period, then the Closing Date Statement, Final Purchase
Price, Final Transferred Loan Debt Repayment, Final Outstanding
Debt Amount and Final Closing Payment shall become final and
binding upon the Parties and their Affiliates on the earlier of (i)
the date the Parties resolve in writing any differences they have
with respect to all matters specified in the Notice of Disagreement
and (ii) the date any disputed matters are finally resolved in
writing by the Arbitrator in accordance with this Section
1.3 .

(c) During the 30-day period
following the delivery of a Notice of Disagreement, Seller and
Purchaser shall seek in good faith to resolve in writing any
differences that they may have with respect to any matter specified
in the Notice of Disagreement. If, at the end of such 30-day
period, Seller and Purchaser have not reached agreement on all such
matters, then the matters that remain in dispute shall be promptly
(and in any event no later than five Business Days after the last
day of such 30-day period) submitted to an arbitrator (the “
Arbitrator ”) for review and resolution. The
Arbitrator shall be one of the “Big Four” independent
accounting firms or, if none of such firms agrees to serve as an
arbitrator hereunder, another nationally recognized independent
public accounting firm as shall be mutually agreed upon by the
Parties in writing. The procedures for the arbitration shall
be determined by the Arbitrator in accordance with this Section
1.3 ; provided , that the Arbitrator may provide no
longer than a 30-day period for the Parties to make complete
submissions to the Arbitrator. Seller and Purchaser agree (i)
to execute, if requested by the Arbitrator, a reasonable engagement
letter in customary form consistent with the terms of this
Section 1.3 , (ii) that ex-parte communications shall be
prohibited during the Arbitrator’s determination period, and
(iii) to cooperate fully with the Arbitrator and promptly provide
all documents and information requested by the Arbitrator so as to
enable it to make such determination as quickly and as accurately
as practicable. The Arbitrator shall render a decision
resolving the matters in dispute within 30 days following
completion of the submissions to the Arbitrator. The
Arbitrator shall only resolve items disputed in the Notice of
Disagreement and shall do so only by choosing the amounts submitted
by either Seller or Purchaser or amounts in-between.

(d) The fees and expenses of the
Arbitrator shall be paid by the Party with the greater total
difference (based on the aggregate of all differences taken as a
whole) between such Party’s initial position presented to the
Arbitrator and the final resolution as determined by the
Arbitrator.

(e) If the determination of the
Final Closing Payment in accordance with this Section 1.3 is
greater than the Estimated Closing Payment, within 15 Business Days
of such determination, Purchaser shall pay to Seller an amount
equal to the Final Closing Payment Adjustment to the account
designated in writing by Seller.

(f) If the determination of the
Final Closing Payment in accordance with this Section 1.3 is
less than the Estimated Closing Payment, within 15 Business Days of
such determination, Seller shall pay to Purchaser an amount equal
to the Final Closing Payment Adjustment by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to the account designated in writing by
Purchaser.
 
-4-



(g) Following delivery of the
Closing Date Statement, Seller and its accountants, lawyers and
other representatives shall be given reasonable access during
regular business hours to the books and records of the Company and
to applicable personnel of Purchaser, the Company, CVC Credit
Partners, LLC and their respective Affiliates for the purpose of
evaluating and, if necessary, objecting to the Closing Date
Statement and otherwise working towards a final determination of
the Final Purchase Price, Final Transferred Loan Debt Repayment,
Final Outstanding Debt Amount and Final Closing Payment.

ARTICLE 2

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
REGARDING THE COMPANY

Seller represents and warrants to
Purchaser that the statements contained in this ARTICLE 2
are true and correct as of the date hereof.

2.1 Organization, Standing and
Power .

(a) The Company is a limited
liability company, duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware, and has full
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to
carry on its business as currently conducted.

(b) The Company is duly qualified or
licensed to transact business and is in good standing in the states
of the United States and all foreign jurisdictions where the nature
or conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified or
licensed.

2.2 Membership Interests; No
Subsidiaries .

(a) The Membership Interests have
been duly authorized for issuance and are validly issued and fully
paid and were not issued in violation of any Contract or any
purchase or call option, right of first refusal, subscription
right, preemptive right or any similar rights. The authorized
capital of the Company consists of Membership Interests of the
Company, all of which are issued and outstanding and held of record
and beneficially in the amounts and by the Persons all as set forth
on Section 2.2(a) of the Disclosure Schedules.

(b) There is no option, warrant,
call, right or Contract to which the Company is a party requiring,
and there are no securities of the Company outstanding which upon
conversion or exchange would require, the issuance, sale or
transfer of any additional membership interest or other equity
securities of the Company or other securities convertible into,
exchangeable for or evidencing the right to subscribe to or
purchase any membership interest or other equity securities of the
Company. There are no outstanding membership interest
appreciation, profit participation or similar rights with respect
to the Company. There are no bonds, debentures, notes or other
indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company having the right to
vote or consent (or, convertible into, or exchangeable for,
securities having the right to vote or consent) on any matters on
which members of the Company may vote. There are no voting
trusts, proxies or other Contracts or understandings to which the
Company or any member thereof is a party or is bound with respect
to the voting or consent of the Membership Interests.
 
-5-



(c) Seller has made available to
Purchaser correct and complete copies of the organizational
documents of the Company as of the date hereof, and (i) the
organizational documents of the Company are in full force and
effect and (ii) the Company is not in violation of any such
organizational documents.

(d) The Company has no
Subsidiaries.  Section 2.2(d) of the Disclosure
Schedules sets forth a list of any stock, Equity Rights, or
membership, equity or partnership interests that the Company has in
any Person, and the Company is the record and beneficial owner of
all right, title and interest in any such stock, Equity Rights or
interests, free and clear of any and all Liens (other than
Permitted Liens).

2.3 No Conflicts; Consents
.

(a) The execution and delivery by
Seller of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not
(i) conflict with or violate the organizational documents of
the Company, (ii) constitute or result in a Default, or
require any notification or Consent pursuant to, or result in the
creation of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any asset of
the Company under any Contract or any Permit to which the Company
is a party or by which any of its properties or assets is bound,
(iii) constitute or result in a Default applicable to the
Company or any of its properties or assets or (iv) result in
the creation of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens), on any of
the properties or assets of the Company.

(b) No Consent, Permit, declaration
or filing with, or notice to, any Regulatory Authority is required
by or with respect to the Company in connection with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.

2.4 Financial Statements
.

(a) Section 2.4(a) of the
Disclosure Schedules contains a true, correct and complete copy of
(i) the audited balance sheets (including related notes and
schedules, if any) of the Company as of December 31, 2015 and
December 31, 2014, and the related statements of income, cash flows
and membership equity (including related notes and schedules, if
any) for the years ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014
and (ii) the unaudited balance sheet of the Company as of
March 31, 2016 and the related statements of income for the
three-month-period ended March 31, 2016 (the financial statements
referred to in clauses (i) and (ii), the “ Company
Financial Statements ”).

(b) The Company Financial Statements
(as of the dates thereof and for the periods covered thereby) (i)
were prepared in accordance with GAAP; provided that the
interim financial statements referred to in
Section 2.4(a)(ii) are subject to customary year-end
adjustments (which shall not be material, individually or in the
aggregate) and do not contain footnotes required by GAAP, (ii) were
prepared from the books and records of the Company, which books and
records fairly reflect all material transactions relating to the
Company in a manner sufficient to enable the Company to prepare
financial statements for the Company, and (iii) fairly present in
all material respects the financial position of the Company as of
the dates indicated and the results of operations and cash flows of
the Company for the periods indicated.
 
-6-



(c) The Company maintains (i) books
and records reflecting its assets and liabilities that are accurate
in all material respects and (ii) adequate and effective internal
accounting controls which provide reasonable assurance that (A) the
control objectives have minimized the risk of material financial
misstatement, (B) all material information concerning the Company
is made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for
the preparation of the Company Financial Statements, (C) access to
the properties and assets of the Company is permitted only in
accordance with management’s authorization, (D) all
transactions are executed with management’s authorization and
accurately recorded in the correct period as necessary to permit
the preparation of the Company Financial Statements and disclosures
in conformity with GAAP and (E) the recorded accountability for
items is compared with the actual levels at reasonable intervals
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
differences.

2.5 Absence of Undisclosed
Liabilities . Other than: (a) Liabilities provided and
adequately reserved against in the unaudited balance sheet of the
Company dated March 31, 2016 or the notes thereto; (b) Liabilities
incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business since March 31, 2016
that are not, individually or in the aggregate, material to the
Company; or (c) Transaction Fees that will be paid by Seller, the
Company has no Liabilities that would be required to be accrued or
reserved for on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with
GAAP.

2.6 Absence of Certain Changes or
Events . Except as set forth on Section 2.6 of the
Disclosure Schedules, since December 31, 2015, (i) the Company has
conducted its business in the Ordinary Course of Business and (ii)
there has not been any Company Material Adverse Effect.

2.7 Tax Matters .

(a) There are no material Taxes due
and payable by the Company which have not been timely
paid. There are no Liens (other than Permitted Liens) with
respect to Taxes on the assets of the Company. There have been
no examinations or audits of any of the Company’s Tax Returns
or reports by any applicable federal, state, local or foreign
governmental agency. There are no pending, current or, to
Seller’s Knowledge, threatened in writing claims, actions,
suits, proceedings or investigations for the assessment or
collection of Taxes with respect to the Company. The Company
has duly and timely filed all Tax Returns required to have been
filed by it and has paid all Taxes shown as due on such Tax
Returns, and there are in effect no waivers of applicable statutes
of limitations with respect to Taxes for any year. The Company
has always been classified as a partnership for U.S. federal (and
applicable state, local or foreign) income Tax purposes.

(b) The Company is not a party to
any Tax indemnity, allocation or sharing agreement with any
Person.

(c) No claim in writing has been
made by any Regulatory Authority in a jurisdiction where the
Company does not file Tax Returns that it or its members is or may
be subject to Tax by that jurisdiction.

(d) The Company has never elected to
be treated as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S.
federal income tax purposes.
 
-7-



2.8 Compliance with Laws
. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with
all Laws applicable to its business and operations, including, for
the avoidance of doubt, Laws relating to anti-corruption,
anti-money laundering, bribery or similar matters. To
Seller’s Knowledge, (i) the Company has not received any
notice alleging any noncompliance by the Company with respect to
any such Law and (ii) no investigation by any Regulatory Authority
regarding a violation of any such Law is pending or
threatened. The Company has in effect and is in material
compliance with all material approvals, authorizations,
certificates, franchises, licenses, permits and consents of
Regulatory Authorities (collectively, “ Permits
”) necessary for it to conduct its business as currently
conducted, and all such Permits are in full force and effect in all
material respects.

2.9 Employees . Since
the inception of the Company, (a) the Company has not had any
employees and (b) the Company has not maintained, sponsored in
whole or in part, or contributed or been required to contribute to,
any employee benefit plans.

2.10 Company Loans . The
Company has good title to each of the Company Loans, free and clear
of any Liens except for Permitted Liens. Immediately following
the Closing, the Company will not own or have any interest in any
material assets other than the Company Loans and Participation
Loans and assets related thereto and any cash and cash
equivalents.

(b) Section 2.10(a) of
the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and correct description
of each Company Loan.

(c) Section 2.10(c) of
the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and correct list of each
Contract (including all modifications, amendments, supplements,
annexes and schedules thereto, written waivers thereunder or other
ancillary Contracts thereto) evidencing a Company Loan.

(d) None of the terms of any
transfer agreements under which (i) the Company or (ii) to
Seller’s Knowledge, any of the Company’s
predecessors-in-title, acquired the Company Loans or any part
thereof has the effect of limiting the scope of any of the rights
or claims of the Company in any material respect.

(e) Neither the Company, nor to
Seller’s Knowledge any of the Company’s
predecessors-in-title, has engaged in any acts or conduct, or made
any omissions, independently of any other lender in respect of any
Company Loan, that would result in: (i) Purchaser receiving
proportionately less payments or distributions or less favorable
treatment in respect of any Company Loan than any other lender in
respect of such Company Loan; or (ii) such Company Loan, or any
part thereof, being reduced, impaired or otherwise materially and
prejudicially affected.

(f) Except as set forth on
Section 2.10(f) of the Disclosure Schedules, the
Company has no obligation, directly or indirectly, to fund any
additional amounts in respect of any Company Loan or Transferring
Loan.

(g) The Company Loans are free from
any rights of set-off in favor of any obligor.
 
-8-



2.11 Material Contracts
.

(a) Except as set forth on
Section 2.10(c) or 2.11(a) of the Disclosure
Schedules or the Contracts evidencing the Transferring Loans, the
Company is not a party to any Contract of the type described below
(each Contract set forth on Section 2.10(c) or
2.11(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, a “ Material
Contract ”):

(i) any Contract relating to the
creation, incurrence, assumption or guarantee of any
Indebtedness;

(ii) any Contract currently in
effect requiring future payments by any party thereto of more than
$100,000 in any period of 12 consecutive months or the performance
of which is expected to involve expenditures by or revenue to the
Company in excess of $100,000 over the term of the
Contract;

(iii) any Contract for the
disposition of material assets;

(iv) any Contract for the
acquisition of a business (through the acquisition of assets or
otherwise) or any material interest in any business
enterprise;

(v) any Contract limiting or
restraining the Company from (A) engaging or competing in any
lines of business with any Person or in any geographic area,
(B) investing in any Person or (C) soliciting or hiring
any individual for employment;

(vi) any Contract containing a
“most-favored-nation” clause or similar term that
provides preferential pricing or treatment;

(vii) any Contract containing any
covenant limiting the ability of the Company to declare, set aside
or pay any dividends or distributions (whether in cash, stock or
other property);

(viii) any Contract under which a
Consent in connection with the consummation of the Transaction
or material obligations would become due or payable upon, or
as a result of, the consummation of the Transactions;

(ix) any warranty, guaranty or
similar undertaking with respect to contractual performance
extended by the Company;

(x) any Contract currently in effect
relating to a joint venture, partnership alliance or similar
agreement;

(xi) any Contract obligating the
Company to conduct any business that is material to the Company on
an exclusive basis with any third party;

(xii) any Contract currently in
effect under which the Company is the lessee of any real or
personal property owned by another party;

(xiii) any employment, consulting or
severance Contract;
 
-9-



(xiv) any Contract not otherwise
covered by Sections 2.11(a) through
2.11(a)(xiii) (A) that is material to the Company or
(B) pursuant to which the Company has material obligations to
indemnify another Person; and

(xv) any agreement or understanding
(whether oral or written) to enter into any Contract of the type
described in Sections 2.11(a)(i) through
2.11(a)(xiv) .

(b) With respect to each Material
Contract: (i) neither the Company nor, to Seller’s Knowledge,
any other party is in breach or violation with respect to any
material obligation to be performed under any such Material
Contract and (ii) such Material Contract is a valid and binding
obligation of the Company and is in full force and effect,
enforceable against the Company and, to Seller’s Knowledge,
enforceable against the other party or parties thereto, in each
case, in accordance with the terms thereof, (A) except as
enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws affecting
creditors’ rights generally and (B) except insofar as the
availability of equitable remedies may be limited by applicable Law
(the preceding clauses (A) and (B) are referred to herein
collectively as the “ Enforceability Exceptions
”). The Company has not received written notice of any
Default with respect to any Material Contract and to Seller’s
Knowledge, no Default has been threatened. Except as set forth
on Section 2.11(b) of the Disclosure Schedule, no condition
exists or event has occurred which constitutes a Default or
non-performance by the Company or, to Seller’s Knowledge, any
other party under any Material Contract. To Seller’s
Knowledge, no condition currently exists or event has occurred that
would reasonably be expected to result in a Default of a Company
Loan and no underlying negotiations are taking place as of the date
hereof regarding a restructuring of any of the Company Loans,
provided that, for purposes of this sentence only,
“Seller’s Knowledge” shall mean the actual
knowledge of the individuals set forth in the definition of
“Knowledge” contained in this Agreement. Seller
has delivered to Purchaser true, correct and complete copies of
each Material Contract (including all modifications, amendments,
supplements, annexes and schedules thereto, written waivers
thereunder).

2.12 Litigation . There
is no (a) Order binding upon the Company or
(b) Litigation pending or, to Seller’s Knowledge,
threatened against the Company, or against any director, officer or
manager of the Company in their capacities as such.

2.13 Real Property
. Since the inception of the Company, the Company has not
owned or leased any real property.

2.14 Transactions with
Affiliates .  Section 2.14 of the Disclosure
Schedules sets forth all Contracts currently in effect or pursuant
to which the parties thereto have current or future rights or
obligations between, among or involving the Company, the Company
Loans or the Underlying Issuers, on the one hand, and Seller Parent
or Seller or any of its respective Affiliates (excluding the
Company and including, for the avoidance of doubt, RAI, Resource
Capital or Northport Capital), or any officer, director, manager,
member or other securityholder of Seller Parent, Seller or the
Company or any immediate family member of such officer, director,
manager, member or other securityholder, on the other hand (“
Affiliated Contracts ”).

2.15 No Illegal Payments
. The Company has not, and to Seller’s Knowledge, no
officer, director, manager, member or agent of the Company (or
representatives or other Persons acting on the express, implied or
apparent authority of such Persons), has (a) made any
unlawful
 
-10-


contribution, gift, bribe, rebate, payoff,
influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any
Person, private or public, regardless of form, whether in money,
property or services (i) to obtain favorable treatment in
securing business, (ii) to pay for favorable treatment for business
secured or (iii) to obtain special concessions or for special
concessions already obtained, for or in respect of the Company, (b)
made any unlawful payment relating to political activity or
(c) established or maintained any fund or asset that has not
been recorded in its books and records, in any such case which
would be a violation of Law, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended. Since its inception, the
Company has not disclosed to any Regulatory Authority that it
violated or may have violated any Law relating to anti-corruption,
anti-money laundering, bribery or similar matters.

2.16 Brokers and Finders;
Transaction Fees . No broker, investment banker, financial
advisor or other Person is entitled to any broker’s,
finder’s, financial advisor’s or other similar fee or
commission in connection with this Agreement or the Transactions
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the
Company. No Person is entitled to any Transaction Fees payable
by the Company.

ARTICLE 3

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
REGARDING SELLER

Seller represents and warrants to
Purchaser that the statements contained in this ARTICLE 3
are true and correct as of the date hereof.

3.1 Organization, Standing and
Power .

(a) Seller is a limited liability
company, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the Laws of the State of Delaware, and has the limited
liability company power and authority to own, lease and operate its
properties and to carry on its business in all material respects as
has been and is currently conducted.

(b) Seller is duly qualified or
licensed to transact business as a foreign corporation or limited
liability company in good standing in the states of the United
States and foreign jurisdictions where the nature or conduct of its
business requires it to be so qualified or licensed, except for
such states or other jurisdictions in which the failure to be so
qualified or licensed, individually or in the aggregate, is not
reasonably expected to have a material adverse impact on the
ability of Seller to perform its obligations under this Agreement
or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

3.2 Authority; No Breach
.

(a) Seller has the power and
authority necessary to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (including all power and authority
to sell, assign, transfer and convey Seller’s Membership
Interests as provided by this Agreement).

(b) Seller has taken all limited
liability company action required to authorize the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Seller and to authorize the
consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Seller has duly executed and
 
-11-


delivered this Agreement, and (assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by Purchaser, Purchaser
Parents and Seller Parent of this Agreement) this Agreement
constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable
against it in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, except
as enforcement may be limited by the Enforceability
Exceptions.

(c) The execution and delivery by
Seller of this Agreement does not, and the consummation by Seller
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not
(i) conflict with or violate the organizational documents of
Seller, (ii) constitute or result in a Default, or require any
notification or Consent pursuant to, or result in the creation of
any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any asset of Seller under,
any Contract or any Permit to which Seller is a party or by which
any of its properties or assets is bound, (iii) constitute or
result in a Default applicable to Seller or any of its properties
or assets or (iv) result in the creation of any Lien (other
than Permitted Liens), on any of the properties or assets of
Seller, in the case of each of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), other
than any such items that, individually or in the aggregate, are not
reasonably expected to materially affect the ability of Seller to
perform its obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) No notice to, filing with, or
Consent of, any Regulatory Authority by Seller is necessary in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or for
the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

3.3 Membership Interests
.

(a) Seller is the sole record and
beneficial owner of all right, title and interest in its Membership
Interests, free and clear of any and all Liens. Seller has the
power and authority to sell, transfer, assign and deliver the
Membership Interests as provided in this Agreement, and such
delivery is sufficient to transfer to Purchaser, record and
beneficial ownership of the Membership Interests, free and clear of
any and all Liens.

(b) There is no existing option,
warrant, call, right or Contract to which Seller is a party
requiring the issuance, sale or transfer of any additional
membership interest or other equity securities of the Company or
other securities convertible into, exchangeable for or evidencing
the right to subscribe to or purchase any membership interest or
other equity securities of the Company.

3.4 Compliance with Laws
. Seller is in compliance with all Laws and Orders, except
where the failure to comply would not be reasonably likely to
materially affect its ability to perform its obligations
hereunder.

3.5 Litigation . There
is no Litigation pending or, to Seller’s Knowledge,
threatened in writing against Seller that challenges the validity
of this Agreement, could reasonably be interpreted to interfere
with Seller’s ability to perform its obligations hereunder,
or that could otherwise reasonably be expected to materially affect
the ability of Seller to perform its obligations under this
Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

3.6 Brokers and Finders
. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other
Person is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s, financial
advisor’s or other similar fee or commission
 
-12-


in connection with this Agreement or the
Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of
Seller.

3.7 No Other Representations or
Warranties . Seller acknowledges and agrees that, other
than the representations and warranties of Purchaser specifically
contained in ARTICLE 4 and the representations and
warranties of each Purchaser Parent specifically contained in
Section 6.7 , there are no representations or warranties of
Purchaser, Purchaser Parents or any other Person either expressed,
statutory or implied with respect to Purchaser or Purchaser
Parents, including with respect to any of its rights or assets, or
the transactions contemplated hereby, individually or
collectively.

ARTICLE 4

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
REGARDING PURCHASER

Purchaser hereby represents and
warrants to Seller that the statements contained in this ARTICLE
4 are true and correct as of the date hereof.

4.1 Organization, Standing and
Power .

(a) Purchaser is a limited
partnership duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing
under the Laws of the State of Delaware. Purchaser has full
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to
carry on its business as it has been and is presently
conducted.

(b) Purchaser is duly qualified or
licensed to transact business and is in good standing in the states
of the United States where the nature or conduct of its business
requires it to be so qualified or licensed.

4.2 Authority; No Breach By
Agreement .

(a) Purchaser has the power and
authority necessary to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

(b) Purchaser has taken all action
required to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by Purchaser and to authorize the consummation by Purchaser of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Purchaser has
duly executed and delivered this Agreement and (assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by Purchaser Parents, Seller
Parent and Seller of this Agreement) this Agreement constitutes its
legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, as applicable, except
as enforcement may be limited by the Enforceability
Exceptions.

(c) The execution and delivery by
Purchaser of this Agreement does not and the consummation by
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will
not (i) conflict with or violate the organizational documents of
Purchaser, (ii) constitute or result in a Default, or require any
notification or Consent pursuant to, or result in the creation of
any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any asset of Purchaser
under, any Contract or any Permit to which Purchaser is a party or
by which any of its properties or assets is bound, (iii) constitute
or
 
-13-


result in a Default applicable to Purchaser or
any of its properties or assets or (iv) result in the creation of
any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any of the properties or
assets of Purchaser, in the case of each of clauses (ii), (iii) and
(iv), other than any such items that, individually or in the
aggregate, are not reasonably expected to materially affect the
ability of Purchaser to perform its obligations under this
Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

(d) No notice to, filing with, or
Consent of, any Regulatory Authority by Purchaser is necessary in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or for
the consummation by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated in
this Agreement.

4.3 Compliance with Laws
. Purchaser is in material compliance with all Laws and
Orders, except where the failure to comply would not be reasonably
likely to materially affect its ability to perform its obligations
hereunder.

4.4 Litigation . There
is no Litigation pending or, to the Purchaser’s
Knowledge, threatened in writing against Purchaser that
challenges the validity of this Agreement, could reasonably be
interpreted to interfere with Purchaser’s ability to perform
its obligations hereunder, or that could otherwise reasonably be
expected to materially affect the ability of Purchaser to perform
its obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

4.5 Brokers and Finders
. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other
Person is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s, financial
advisor’s or other similar fee or commission in connection
with this Agreement or the Transactions based upon arrangements
made by or on behalf of Purchaser.

4.6 Sufficiency of Funds
. Purchaser will have sufficient cash on hand or other sources
of immediately available funds to enable it to pay the Purchase
Price and consummate the Transactions at the Closing.

4.7 No Other Representations or
Warranties . Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, other
than the representations and warranties of Seller specifically
contained in ARTICLE 2 and ARTICLE 3 and
the representations and warranties of Seller Parent specifically
contained in Section 6.8 , there are no representations or
warranties of Seller Parent or Seller or any other Person either
expressed, statutory or implied with respect to Seller Parent,
Seller or the Company, including with respect to any of their
respective rights or assets, or the transactions contemplated
hereby, individually or collectively.

ARTICLE 5

CONDUCT OF THE
COMPANY

5.1 Conduct of the Company
. Except for matters (i) set forth on
Section 5.1 of the Disclosure Schedules,
(ii) consented to by Purchaser in advance in writing (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed)
or (iii) otherwise expressly permitted or required by the
terms of this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the
Closing, Seller shall cause the Company to (A) conduct its
business in the Ordinary Course of Business and use commercially
reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business and preserve
its
 
-14-


relationships with Regulatory Authorities,
creditors, consultants, borrowers and other Persons having business
dealings with it and (B) not take any of the following
actions:

(a) amend the Certificate of
Formation, the Existing Operating Agreement or other organizational
documents of the Company;

(b) issue, sell, pledge, encumber,
authorize the issuance of, enter into any Contract to issue, sell,
pledge, encumber, or authorize the issuance of, or otherwise permit
to become outstanding, any membership interests of the Company or
any other Equity Right of the Company;

(c) issue any securities in respect
of or in substitution for membership interests of the Company, or
sell, lease, mortgage or otherwise dispose of or otherwise encumber
any membership interests of the Company or any material investment
or material asset of the Company;

(d) sell or otherwise transfer any
Company Loans;

(e) commence any
Litigation;

(f) settle any Litigation where the
settlement includes any restriction upon the operations of the
Company;

(g) enter into, modify, amend or
terminate any Affiliated Contract or Material Contract or waive,
release, compromise or assign any rights or claims under any
Affiliated Contract or Material Contract;

(h) make any changes to the
composition of the Company’s managing board;

(i) create any subsidiary of the
Company;

(j) declare any dividend or make any
other distribution;

(k) make any capital
expenditures;

(l) purchase or acquire stock or
assets of any corporation, partnership or other
business;

(m) incur, assume, guarantee or
otherwise became liable for any Indebtedness (directly, contingent
or otherwise) in excess of $10,000;

(n) adopt a plan of complete or
partial liquidation, dissolution, consolidation, restructuring,
recapitalization or other reorganization with respect to the
Company, other than pursuant to this Agreement;

(o) make any new Tax election or
modify or revoke any existing Tax election, change any Tax or
accounting methods or systems of internal accounting controls of
the Company (except as may be required to conform to Laws relating
to Taxes or regulatory accounting requirements or GAAP), enter into
any Tax indemnity, sharing or allocation agreement, surrender any
right to claim a refund, offset or other reduction of Taxes,
consent to
 
-15-


any extension or waiver of the limitations
period applicable to any Tax claim or assessment relating to the
Company, or settle or compromise any Tax claim; or

(p) hire any employees or maintain,
sponsor in whole or in part, or contribute to any employee benefit
plan.

ARTICLE 6

ADDITIONAL
COVENANTS

6.1 Confidentiality
.

(a) Seller shall, and shall cause
its Affiliates and Representatives to, keep confidential any and
all non-public information relating to the Company and Purchaser
shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and Representative to, keep
confidential any and all non-public information relating to Seller
or any of its Affiliates (other than the Company); provided
, however , that neither Party shall be liable hereunder
with respect to any disclosure to the extent such disclosure is
determined by that Party (upon the advice of counsel) to be
required by any applicable Law or Order, including applicable rules
of any securities exchange. In the event that a Party (any
such Party referred to herein as the “ Required Party
”) or any of its Affiliates or Representatives are required
by any applicable Law or Order to disclose any such non-public
information, the Required Party shall, (i) to the extent
permissible by such applicable Law or Order, provide the other
Party with prompt written notice of such requirement, (ii) disclose
only that information that the Required Party determines (upon the
advice of counsel) is required by such applicable Law or Order to
be disclosed and (iii) use reasonable efforts to preserve the
confidentiality of such non-public information, including by, at
the other Party’s request, reasonably cooperating with the
other Party to obtain an appropriate protective order or other
reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded
such non-public information. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
such non-public information shall not include information that (A)
is or becomes available to the public after the Closing other than
as a result of a disclosure by the receiving Party or any of its
respective Affiliates or Representatives in breach of this
Section 6.1(a) or (B) becomes available to the receiving
Party or its Affiliates or Representatives after the Closing from a
source other than the non-disclosing Party or its Affiliates or
Representatives if the source of such information is not reasonably
known by the receiving Party or its Affiliates or Representatives
to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other
contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation of confidentiality to,
the disclosing Party or its Affiliates with respect to such
information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser
shall in each case be permitted to disclose (subject to customary
confidentiality restrictions) the terms and provisions of this
Agreement to their respective existing and prospective
investors.

6.2 Press Releases;
Disclosure . No Party to this Agreement shall (orally or
in writing) publicly disclose, or make, or cause to be made, any
press release or public announcement with respect to this Agreement
or the Transactions without the prior written consent of the other
Party; provided , however , that a Party may disclose
such information which its counsel deems reasonably necessary to
comply with any applicable Law or the rules of a stock exchange on
which its, or any of its Affiliates’, securities are
listed. In the event that a Party is required by any
applicable Law or Order or the rules of a stock exchange on which
its, or any of its Affiliates’, securities are listed to
disclose any such information, such Party shall, (i) to
 
-16-


the extent permissible by such applicable Law or
Order or the rules of a stock exchange on which its, or any of its
Affiliates’, securities are listed, provide the other Parties
with prompt written notice of such requirement and (ii) disclose
only that information that such Party determines (upon the advice
of counsel) is required by such applicable Law or Order or the
rules of a stock exchange on which its, or any of its
Affiliates’, securities are listed to be
disclosed.

6.3 Tax Matters .

(a) Preparation of Tax
Returns .

(i) Seller shall prepare or cause to
be prepared and file or cause to be filed when due all pass-through
Tax Returns that are required to be filed by the Company for any
Tax period ending on or before the Closing Date, and Seller shall
remit (or cause to be remitted) any Taxes due in respect of such
Tax Returns. Such Tax Returns shall be prepared in a manner
consistent with prior practice (except as otherwise required by
applicable Law). With respect to such Tax Returns, Seller
shall furnish a completed copy of such Tax Returns to the Purchaser
for its review and comment not later than 20 days before the due
date for filing such Tax Returns (including extensions
thereof). Seller s


 








 


















LLC Membership Agreement , LLC Membership Contracts  - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 9)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > LLC Membership Agreement     

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>




 Legal professionals use RealDealDocs to gather competitive intelligence, draft documents and to find specific information about transactions within a particular industry or sector, and you can too. These are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. You can view sample membership contracts or download membership agreements from RealDealDocs. We have many sample membership agreements, and millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free. Finding relevant agreements to use in your own work no longer has to be difficult, confusing or expensive. The many sample membership agreements from RealDealDocs have been drafted by top law firms from across the United States and around the world, and they can save you or your company valuable time and money when you need a reliable membership contract or template in a hurry. Benefit from the work of those that have gone before you, and leverage the efforts and thinking of the best lawyers from the top law firms and Fortune 500 companies, without all the hassle or expense. Download membership agreements from RealDealDocs today for the quick and easy way to use millions of legal agreements and clauses from top law firms across the US and around the world to your advantage. To view any of the sample membership contracts or to download membership agreements below, simply click on its title. For advanced search click here. 



LLC Membership Agreement s 





	These LLC Membership Agreement s are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: DYNEGY INC. | Armstrong Power, LLC | DP Generation, LLC | Dynegy Inc | IPA Apt Generation, LLC | LS Power Equity Advisors LLC | Spruce Generation, LLC | Troy Energy, LLC 
								Law Firm: Skadden Arps;Orrick Herrington
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
2) FIRST AMENDMENT TO MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: SUNOCO LOGISTICS PARTNERS L.P. | Bakken Holdings Company LLC | MarEn Bakken Company LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017

3) ROCKSTAR MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: PAYMEON, INC. | EAC Management, LLC | JJM3, LLC | PAYMEON, INC | RAW LLC | Rockstar Acquisitions, LLC | RVRM Holdings, LLC | VCVC, LLC | YellowTurtle Design, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Florida
4) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: BROADWIND ENERGY, INC. | Broadwind Energy, Inc | One US Bank | Red Wolf Company, LLC 
								Law Firm: Robinson Bradshaw;Thompson Coburn
								Document Date: 2/1/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
5) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: EVERBRIDGE, INC. | 42 North Investments LLC | Everbridge, Inc | IDV Solutions II, LLC | IDV Solutions, LLC | KDMS LLC | PLYMOUTH CO | PLYMOUTH MANAGEMENT COMPANY | PVP II HOLDINGS LLC 
								Law Firm: Much Shelist
								Document Date: 1/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
6) ASSET AND MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT dated as of January 24, 2017Parties: BOB EVANS FARMS INC | BER Acquisition, LLC | Bob Evans Farms, Inc 
								Law Firm: Bass Berry;Ropes Gray
								Document Date: 1/25/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
7) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT datedParties: TARGA RESOURCES PARTNERS LP | OUTRIGGER ENERGY LLC | Targa Resources GP LLC 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins
								Document Date: 1/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
8) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT datedParties: TARGA RESOURCES PARTNERS LP | Targa Resources GP LLC 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins
								Document Date: 1/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
9) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT datedParties: TARGA RESOURCES CORP. | OUTRIGGER ENERGY LLC | Targa Resources GP LLC | Targa Resources Partners LP 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins
								Document Date: 1/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
10) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT datedParties: TARGA RESOURCES CORP. | OUTRIGGER MIDLAND MIDSTREAM, LLC | Section 521 Outrigger Midland Operating, LLC | Targa Resources GP LLC | TARGA RESOURCES PARTNERS LP 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins
								Document Date: 1/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
11) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT datedParties: TARGA RESOURCES PARTNERS LP | OUTRIGGER MIDLAND MIDSTREAM, LLC | Section 521 Outrigger Midland Operating, LLC | Targa Resources GP LLC 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins
								Document Date: 1/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
12) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT datedParties: TARGA RESOURCES CORP. | Targa Resources GP LLC | TARGA RESOURCES PARTNERS LP 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins
								Document Date: 1/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
13) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: OLD POINT FINANCIAL CORP | Old Point Mortgage, LLC | Old Point National Bank of Phoebus | Tidewater Mortgage Services, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 1/20/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Virginia
14) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: NATIONAL WASTE MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS, INC. | National Waste Management Holdings, Inc | Northeast Data Destruction  Recycling, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 1/6/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Florida
15) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: NATIONAL WASTE MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS, INC. | National Waste Management Holdings, Inc | Northeast Data Destruction  Recycling, LLC | WASTE RECOVERY ENTERPRISES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 1/6/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Florida
16) AMENDMENT TO MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: TRANSENTERIX INC. | TransEnterix International, Inc | TransEnterix, Inc 
								Law Firm: Ballard Spahr
								Document Date: 1/5/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
17) Membership Interest Pledge AgreementParties: VAPE HOLDINGS, INC. | Red Cliffs Investments, Inc | TYPENEX CO-INVESTMENT, LLC | Typenex Medical, LLC | VAPE HOLDINGS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 12/27/2016

18) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: GLOBAL SELF STORAGE, INC. | C Tuxis Self Storage II LLC | E Tuxis Real Estate II LLC | GLOBAL SELF STORAGE, INC | TUXIS CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 11/30/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Maryland
19) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT by and amongParties: LENDINGTREE, INC. | IRON HORSE HOLDINGS, LLC | LendingTree, LLC 
								Law Firm: Sheppard Mullin;Orrick Herrington
								Document Date: 11/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
20) MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT by and amongParties: ARC GROUP WORLDWIDE, INC. | ARC Group Worldwide, Inc | Quadrant Metals Technologies LLC | Tekna Seal LLC | Winchester Electronics Corporation 
								Law Firm: Parker Poe
								Document Date: 11/10/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
21) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: RHINO RESOURCE PARTNERS LP | Elk Horn Coal Acquisition LLC | Elk Horn Coal Company, LLC | Rhino Energy LLC | Seller's Management 
								
								Document Date: 11/10/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
22) AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS, INC. | Former Company | Representative, CARgenix Holdings LLC | Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc | TNK Therapeutics, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 11/9/2016

23) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: SUNOCO LOGISTICS PARTNERS L.P. | BAKKEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LLC | Bakken Pipeline Investments LLC | Dakota Access Holdings LLC | Dakota Access Truck Terminals, LLC | Dakota Access, LLC | Eastern Gulf Crude Access LLC | Enbridge Holdings (DakTex) LLC | Energy Transfer Crude Oil Company LLC | ETCO Holdings LLC | Marathon Petroleum Corporation | MarEn Bakken Company LLC 
								Law Firm: Porter Hedges
								Document Date: 11/9/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
24) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: ENERGY TRANSFER PARTNERS, L.P. | BAKKEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LLC | Bakken Pipeline Investments LLC | Dakota Access Holdings LLC | Dakota Access Truck Terminals, LLC | Dakota Access, LLC | Eastern Gulf Crude Access LLC | Enbridge Holdings (DakTex) LLC | Energy Transfer Crude Oil Company LLC | ETCO Holdings LLC | Marathon Petroleum Corporation | MarEn Bakken Company LLC 
								Law Firm: Porter Hedges
								Document Date: 11/9/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
25) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT by and among Vocera Communications, Inc. as Buyer, The Persons Listed on Schedule A to this Agreement as Sellers and Jon Jensen as Sellers Representative October 27, 2016Parties: VOCERA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. | EXTENSION HOLDINGS, LLC | Extension, LLC | Vocera Communications, Inc 
								Law Firm: Fenwick West
								Document Date: 11/7/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:California
26) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: NATIONAL HEALTH INVESTORS INC | National Health Investors, Inc | NHI PropCo, LLC | NHI-Bickford RE, LLC | Sycamore Street, LLC 
								Law Firm: Stites Harbison
								Document Date: 11/7/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
27) MEMBERSHIP UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT by and amongParties: U.S. SILICA HOLDINGS, INC. | Avery Interests, LLC | Circle B Interests, LLC | DCB Interests Ltd | First Bischoff  Heins Corp | Hermanson Family Limited Partnership | James and Vicky Pyle Family Trust | Locust Holdings LLC | Pelican State Investment Group, LLC | Print Company | Robert M Hayward, PC | SANDBOX ENTERPRISES, LLC | Sandy Creek Capital, LLC | SB Invesco, LLC | Seis Holdings, LLC | US SILICA COMPANY | US SILICA HOLDINGS, INC 
								Law Firm: Kirkland Ellis
								Document Date: 11/4/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
28) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN ATMOS ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. AND CENTERPOINT ENERGY SERVICES, INC. October 29, 2016Parties: ATMOS ENERGY CORP | Atmos Energy Holdings, Inc | Atmos Energy Marketing, LLC | CENTERPOINT ENERGY SERVICES, INC 
								Law Firm: Gibson Dunn;Baker Hostetler
								Document Date: 10/31/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
29) Membership Interest Pledge AgreementParties: NOTIS GLOBAL, INC. | Chicago Venture Management, LLC | CHICAGO VENTURE PARTNERS, LP | CVM, Inc | NOTIS GLOBAL, INC | Typenex Medical, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 10/21/2016

30) Membership Interest Purchase and Sale Agreement by and among Silver Hill Energy Partners Holdings, LLC, as Seller, Silver Hill Energy Partners, LLC, the Company, RSP Permian, L.L.C., as Buyer and RSP Permian, Inc., as Parent Dated as of October 13, 2016 Table of ContentsParties: RSP PERMIAN, INC. | RSP Permian, Inc | RSP Permian, LLC | Silver Hill Energy Partners Holdings, LLC | Silver Hill Energy Partners, LLC 
								Law Firm: DLA Piper;Vinson Elkins;Thompson Knight
								Document Date: 10/13/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
31) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT between MSR I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, as Seller and ALTISOURCE RESIDENTIAL, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as Buyer Dated as of September 30, 2016Parties: ALTISOURCE RESIDENTIAL CORP | Altisource Residential Corporation | Altisource Residential GP LLC | Altisource Residential, LP | Holding Company | HOME SFR Borrower, LLC | HOME SFR Equity Owner, LLC | MSR I GP, LLC | MSR I, LP 
								Law Firm: Hunton Williams;Skadden Arps
								Document Date: 10/3/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
32) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: LANDMARK INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS LP | Article 9, Landmark Dividend LLC | Landmark Dividend Management 2 LLC | Landmark Infrastructure Operating Company LLC | Landmark Infrastructure Partners GP LLC | LD Acquisition Company 12 LLC 
								
								Document Date: 9/2/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
33) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST AND NOTE SALE-PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: NORTHSTAR REAL ESTATE INCOME II, INC. | NORTHSTAR REAL ESTATE INCOME OPERATING PARTNERSHIP II, LP | NORTHSTAR REALTY FINANCE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP | PE Investments XIV2P-T, LLC | PE Investments XIV2-T, LLC | PE Investments XV2 JV, LLC | PE Investments XV2, LLC | PE INVESTMENTS-T CAM2, LLC | PEC Larkin Domestic Holdings LP, PEC Larkin Foreign Holdings LP, Ubar Investment Holdings Limited | Pennsylvania, Public School Employees Retirement System | Underlying Partnership 
								Law Firm: Greenberg Traurig
								Document Date: 8/25/2016
								Industry: Real Estate Operations
								Sector: Services
								Governing Law:Delaware
34) PURCHASE AND ASSIGNMENT OF MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS, ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATIONS, AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPEARTING AGREEMENTParties: FASTFUNDS FINANCIAL CORP | Brawnstone Security CO, Inc | Brawnstone Security, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 8/17/2016
								Industry: Consumer Financial Services
								Sector: Financial

35) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: BOYD GAMING CORP | BOYD GAMING CORPORATION | Cannery Casino Resorts, LLC | Cannery Hotel and Casino, LLC | Nevada Palace, LLC 
								Law Firm: Morrison Foerster;Latham Watkins
								Document Date: 8/8/2016
								Industry: Casinos and Gaming
								Sector: Services
								Governing Law:New York
36) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: SM ENERGY CO | American Arbitration Association | JPM EOC Opal, LLC | ROCK OIL HOLDINGS LLC | Seller Group | SM ENERGY COMPANY 
								Law Firm: Latham Watkins
								Document Date: 8/8/2016
								Industry: Oil and Gas Operations
								Sector: Energy
								Governing Law:Texas
37) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG CVC CREDIT PARTNERS U.S. LENDING I, L.P., COLLER INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS VII, L.P., COLLER INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS VII PARALLEL FUND, L.P., AND COLLER INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS VII LUXEMBOURG, SLP (solely with respect to Section 6.7 hereto)Parties: RESOURCE CAPITAL CORP. | Coller International Partners VII Parallel Fund, LP | Coller International Partners VII, LP | CVC CREDIT PARTNERS US LENDING I, LP | NEW NP, LLC | Northport TRS, LLC | Resource Capital Corp 
								Law Firm: Cleary Gottlieb;Covington Burling
								Document Date: 8/5/2016
								Industry: Real Estate Operations
								Sector: Services
								Governing Law:New York
38) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: DYNEGY INC. | Elwood Energy Holdings II, LLC | Elwood Energy Holdings, LLC | Elwood Energy LLC | Elwood Expansion Holdings, LLC | Elwood Expansion LLC | Elwood Services Company, LLC | J-POWER USA Development Co, Ltd | Tomcat Power, LLC 
								Law Firm: Baker McKenzie;Skadden Arps
								Document Date: 8/4/2016
								Industry: Electric Utilities
								Sector: Utilities
								Governing Law:Delaware
39) STOCK AND MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: COTT CORP /CN/ | Arabica, LLC | Argent Trust Company, Co | Bank of America, N.A. | Cott Corporation | ELLIS RHYNE DAVIS FAMILY TRUST | J ROY DAVIS, JR FAMILY TRUST | LED FAMILY TRUST | SD Coffee Holding Company | Sip Acquisition Company 
								Law Firm: Moore Van;Drinker Biddle
								Document Date: 8/4/2016
								Industry: Beverages (Non-Alcoholic)
								Sector: Consumer/Non-Cyclical
								Governing Law:Delaware
40) COLLATERAL ASSIGNMENT OF MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS AGREEMENTParties: WASHINGTON PRIME GROUP INC. | Electronic Systems | Glimcher Weberstown, LLC | HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK | Washington Prime Group, LP | WEBERSTOWN MALL, LLC | WP Glimcher Inc | WPG Subsidiary Holdings I, LLC | WTM Glimcher, LLC 
								Law Firm: Willkie Farr
								Document Date: 8/4/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
41) Effective as of July 31, 2016, Healthways, Inc. (the "Company" or "HWAY") completed the sale of its total population health services business (the "TPHS Business") to Sharecare, Inc. ("Sharecare") pursuant to terms of the previously announced Membership Interest Purchase Agreement the "Purchase AgrParties: HEALTHWAYS, INC | Healthways SC, LLC | Sharecare, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 8/4/2016
								Industry: Healthcare Facilities
								Sector: Healthcare

42) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT dated as of March 29, 2016Parties: TALLGRASS ENERGY PARTNERS, LP | Rockies Express Holdings, LLC | Rockies Express Pipeline LLC | Sempra REX Holdings, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 8/3/2016
								Industry: Natural Gas Utilities
								Sector: Utilities
								Governing Law:Delaware
43) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG SHARECARE, INCParties: HEALTHWAYS, INC | Acquired Companies | Healthways SC, LLC | SHARECARE, INC 
								Law Firm: Nelson Mullins;Bass Berry
								Document Date: 8/2/2016
								Industry: Healthcare Facilities
								Sector: Healthcare
								Governing Law:Delaware
44) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT dated as of July 29, 2016 by and among AMERI HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation, DCM PARTNERS, L.L.C., an Arizona limited liability companyParties: AMERI HOLDINGS, INC. | AMERI HOLDINGS, INC | DCM PARTNERS, LLC | Housekens LLC | Lucid Solutions Inc | MACT Holdings LLC 
								
								Document Date: 8/1/2016
								Industry: Misc. Financial Services
								Sector: Financial
								Governing Law:New York
45) AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG SPARK ENERGY, INC. SPARK HOLDCO, LLC PROVIDER POWER, LLC KEVIN B. DEAN AND EMILE L. CLAVETParties: SPARK ENERGY, INC. | Spark Energy, Inc, Spark Holdco, LLC, Provider Power, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 8/1/2016
								Industry: Electric Utilities
								Sector: Utilities

46) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: MATSON, INC. | Matson Logistics, Inc | Span Holdings, LLC | Span Intermediate, LLC 
								Law Firm: Gibson Dunn;Kirkland Ellis
								Document Date: 7/19/2016
								Industry: Water Transportation
								Sector: Transportation
								Governing Law:Delaware
47) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: GENESYS ID INC | MY TOUCH ID, LLC | RX SAFES, INC 
								
								Document Date: 7/13/2016
								Industry: Business Services
								Sector: Services
								Governing Law:Nevada
48) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT by and amongParties: GAIA, INC | BOULDER ROAD, LLC | Gaiam Americas, Inc | Gaiam Brand Holdco, LLC | GAIAM, INC | Louisville, CO | SEQUENTIAL BRANDS GROUP, INC | STRETCH  BEND HOLDINGS, LLC 
								Law Firm: Brownstein Hyatt;White Case
								Document Date: 7/8/2016
								Industry: Retail (Catalog and Mail Order)
								Sector: Services
								Governing Law:New York
49) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT AND RELEASEParties: APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. | Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc | Apollo Medical Management, Inc | Apollo Palliative Services LLC | Best Choice Hospice Care, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 6/29/2016
								Industry: Healthcare Facilities
								Sector: Healthcare
								Governing Law:California
50) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: MONAKER GROUP, INC. | Jasper Group Holdings, Inc | Monaker Group, Inc | Name Your Fee, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 6/23/2016
								Industry: Broadcasting and Cable TV
								Sector: Services
								Governing Law:Florida
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789 
 
 

 



















CVC Credit Partners acquires lender Northport Capital - PE Hub

























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































CVC Credit Partners acquires lender Northport Capital


August 5, 2016
By Eamon Murphy



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
CVC Credit Partners acquires lender Northport Capital
CVC Credit Partners acquired commercial lender Northport Capital TRS, LLC from Resource Capital Corp. The transaction was supported by a fund advised by Coller Capital, and will increase AUM in CVC Credit Partners' global direct lending strategy to about $1 billion.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















CVC Credit Partners acquired commercial lender Northport Capital TRS, LLC from Resource Capital Corp. The transaction was supported by a fund advised by Coller Capital, and will increase AUM in CVC Credit Partners’ global direct lending strategy to about $1 billion.
Correction: A previous version of this item misspelled Northport in both the headline and the news brief. Both have been since corrected. 
PRESS RELEASE
London, New York – CVC Credit Partners, a leading global alternative investment manager focused on sub-investment grade debt markets in the US and Europe, today announced the acquisition of Northport Capital TRS, LLC (“Northport”) from Resource Capital Corp. by a partnership managed by CVC Credit Partners, supported by a fund advised by Coller Capital, Inc. This will increase assets under management in CVC Credit Partners’ global direct lending strategy to approximately $1 billion* and complement its existing European strategy. The transaction will provide significant additional primary capital for the business to maintain its historic investment approach.
Northport is a direct lender that specializes in providing credit facilities to private middle market and lower middle market companies across North America. Northport has a strong investment track record, and will transform CVC Credit Partners’ direct lending strategy into a transatlantic platform. The team, led by David DeSantis, consists of experienced lending and deal making professionals with backgrounds from institutions that include Antares Capital, Ares, GE Capital, Lehman Brothers, Medley Capital and Nomura. Each of the Northport senior employees has over 15 years of experience within direct middle market lending. 





Stephen Hickey, Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer of CVC Credit Partners, said: “This acquisition represents a significant moment as we build and enhance CVC Credit Partners’ growing global platform. We look forward to working with David DeSantis and the experienced team as we continue to deliver consistent value for our investors.”
Tom Newberry, Partner and Head of Private Credit Funds, CVC Credit Partners, commented: “We are very excited to acquire the Northport team and their portfolio. Their invaluable market insight and local US relationships will complement our existing European network, enabling CVC Credit Partners to become a truly transatlantic direct lender.”
About CVC Credit Partners 2
CVC Credit Partners is the credit management business of CVC. Formed through a merger of predecessor firms that date back to 2005 and supported by a team of 45 dedicated investment professionals, CVC Credit Partners is a global credit asset manager with offices in the U.S. and U.K. and $14.4bn* assets under management, as at Q1 2016.
CVC Credit Partners seeks to generate for its investors positive absolute returns and attractive risk-adjusted returns on capital throughout the credit cycle. CVC Credit Partners has built a diverse platform which creates significant synergies across its three investment strategies: Performing Credit, Private Lending and Global Credit Opportunities/Special Situations.
For further information, please visit: www.cvc.com. 





About Northport
Northport Capital, LLC (“NorthPort”) is a subsidiary of Resource America, Inc. Northport is a commercial lender that specializes in providing credit facilities to private U.S. middle market and lower middle market companies. Northport has a direct origination platform, leveraging strong relationships built from management’s 50+ years of combined experience in middle market lending. Northport maintains disciplined underwriting standards while providing creative financing solutions, tailored specifically to meet the individual and varied needs of its clients.

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
CVC Credit Partners acquires lender Northport Capital
CVC Credit Partners acquired commercial lender Northport Capital TRS, LLC from Resource Capital Corp. The transaction was supported by a fund advised by Coller Capital, and will increase AUM in CVC Credit Partners' global direct lending strategy to about $1 billion.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

 


































CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Desantis  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









CVC Credit Partners U.S. Lending I, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    712 Fifth Avenue, 42 Nd Floor  
    New York, NY, 10019Phone: 212-506-3858 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-03


New


$181,145,788


$181,145,788


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 David Desantis 
 Executive 


 Tom Newberry 
 Executive 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Top 10 Lending Reviews ~ Top 10 Jungle









































































 
 










Skip to content











Alchemy
Aliens
Auto Racing
Babes
Bald and Sexy
Beard Power
Bigfoot
Celebrities
Food
Fashion
Jungles
Luxury
Mafia
Metaphysical
Military
Money
Mythology
Organic
Power
Scams
Sexy Sidebar

The World Isn’t Enough
If Tulips Could Kill
Fire In The Sky


Space
Sports
Style
Tech
Trees
Witchcraft




















 


  




Home
Top 10 Reviews

Top 10 Antivirus
Top 10 Business Loans
Top 10 Debt Consolidation
Top 10 Personal Loans
Top 10 Pet Insurance
Top 10 VPN
Top 10 Web Hosting
Top 10 Website Builders


The Shop

The Shop at Top 10 Jungle
Planet – Organic
Immortality – Metaphysical
Pleasure – Coming Soon


Quizzes
Blog
Videos
Meet The Team
Disclosures

Advertising Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy







 















Cart



No products in the cart.

 






 













Top 10 Lending Reviews of 2017
Read Reviews – Compare Prices – Save Money



  


 











TOP 10 BEST
DEBT SETTLEMENT
Read Reviews – Compare – Save








The Importance of Top 10 Lending Reviews
If you feel you have too much debt and you can’t get it under control, Top 10 Lending Reviews may be the right answer for you. There are ways to get out of debt without filing bankruptcy and without paying sky high interest rates.
We have evaluated a mix of debt consolidation and debt settlement companies. They are very different strategies so you should carefully decide which option is best for you.
A debt consolidation loan would pay off your unsecured debts with a new loan and provide you with one low monthly payment.
A debt settlement program provides you with a professional negotiator that settles your debts and creates a custom tailored program that you can afford.










Disclosure: We receive advertising revenue from our partners. Hover here for details.





Disclosure: We receive advertising revenue from our partners. Click for details.
Many advertisers pay us a referral fee if you purchase products or complete lead forms after clicking links or calling phone numbers on our website. This enables us to continue promoting our comparison reviews without any fee from the consumer. We sometimes offer premium or additional placements on our website and in our marketing materials to our advertising partners. Partners may influence their position on our website, including the order in which they appear on a Top 10 list, based on conversion rates or commissions. For example, when company ranking is subjective (meaning two companies are very close) our advertising partners may be ranked higher. While we try to feature as many products on our site as possible, we recognize that our site does not feature every product available on the market.  At Top10Jungle.com, we are all about transparency. If you have any questions about this disclosure, please [email protected]









Top Pick!Score  10Debt SettlementOne Of The Country's Largest & Most Reputable Debt Settlement CompaniesNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers In All States Except CT GA KS ME NH SC OR VT WVNo Upfront Fees$7,500 Minimum Debt24 to 48 Month Debt Reduction ProgramRated A+ by Better Business Bureau100% ConfidentialFree Consultation (855) 982-0150
VISIT SITECall Today!
Score  9.50Debt Consolidation Compare & Shop Loans From Multiple Providers620 Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers In All 50 StatesNo Upfront Fees$1,000 to $100,000 Loan Amounts24 to 84 Month Loan TermsN/A100% ConfidentialSubmit Loan OnlineN/AVISIT SITEScore  9.00Debt Consolidation LoansCompare Multiple Personal Loans Offers In MinutesNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers Only In All StatesNo Upfront Fees$500 to $40,000 Loan Amounts24 to 84 Month Loan TermsN/A100% ConfidentialSubmit Loan OnlineN/AVISIT SITE
Score  8.75Debt SettlementDebt Negotiation Company Based in NYC. Also Serves As Financial Education ExpertNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers Only In AL, AK, AZ, AR, CA, DC, FL, IN, MA, MI, NE, NY, OH, TX, DC, VANo Upfront Fees$5,000 Minimum Debt24 to 48 Month Debt Reduction ProgramRated A+ by Better Business Bureau100% ConfidentialFree ConsultationN/AVISIT SITE
Score  8.00Debt Consolidation Provides a Network of Lenders That Can Fund Within A DayNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers In All 50 StatesNo Upfront Fees$500 to $35,000 Loan Amount6 to 72 Month Loan TermsN/A100% ConfidentialSubmit Loan OnlineN/AVISIT SITE





The Importance of Top 10 Settlement
If you feel you have too much debt and you can’t get it under control, Top 10 Debt Settlement may be the right answer for you. There are ways to get out of debt without filing bankruptcy and without paying sky high interest rates.
We have evaluated a mix of debt consolidation and debt settlement companies. They are very different strategies so you should carefully decide which option is best for you.
A debt consolidation loan would pay off your unsecured debts with a new loan and provide you with one low monthly payment.
A debt settlement program provides you with a professional negotiator that settles your debts and creates a custom tailored program that you can afford.










“National Debt Relief is the top rated debt relief company in the US and is accredited by the Better Business Bureau. They offer a 100% money back satisfaction guarantee. They have helped over 100,000 consumers get out of debt. They even provided us with a dedicated help line to show their commitment to quality customer service. They can be reached at (855)-982-0150.”












“Guide to Lenders makes lenders compete with your business. You can check your rates on their website and it won’t affect your credit score. You don’t need perfect credit and you can explore all your options at once rather than bouncing from lender to lender.”












“Even Financial is a unique online matching service that educates and helps consumers searching for personal loans. It systematically matches borrowers with lenders in order to keep the borrowers costs and the lenders defaults low.”












“Guardian Debt Relief has an excellent reputation although they have not yet reached accreditation status by the BBB. They are certified by the AFCC and the IADPA.  The company’s debt negotiation program is a positive alternative to bankruptcy.”












“PersonalLoans.com is a good choice if you are willing to work with some of the riskier and higher priced lenders. Many of these loans should be considered as temporary loans to get you back on your feet.”







What Is Debt Consolidation?
The process of combing various unsecured debts – credit cards, payday loans, personal loans, medical bills, etc. into a single bill is known as debt consolidation. So, rather than paying off 15 creditors individually each month, you combine all the bills into a single payment and only write a single check. This simplifies your life and helps avoid payment errors that can result in bounced check fess and late payment penalties.
The three most popular forms of  Debt Consolidation are:  Debt Consolidation Loans, Debt Management Plans & Debt Settlement Programs. None of these options will provide you with a quick fix, however, they are designed for your benefit as long-term debt reduction strategies. Debt consolidation should bring reduced interest rates and monthly payments and long term credit score improvement.

 Other Forms of Debt Consolidation 
There are a number of methods to consolidate debt. If your credit is strong and you have less than $2,500 of debt, it may make more sense to apply for a 0% interest credit card and apply balance transfers from your high interest credit cards. Another alternative is to consider a personal loan for paying off your balances. Your can also choose to use your home as collateral through a home equity line of credit or refinance your current mortgage. Borrowing against your retirement savings or life insurance policies is also an available option. These are generally less expensive options but carry greater risk because your collateral is at risk in the event of non-payment.

What is a Debt Consolidation Loan?
A Debt Consolidation Loan is new loan that allows you to payoff your existing loans and make a single payment to one creditor.  A Debt Consolidation Loan usually has a fixed rate of interest, lower than your current interest rate, and helps decrease your monthly payments. 

 What is a Debt Management Plan?
A lot of financial experts prefer a Debt Management Plan, and the majority of recommended Debt Management Plans are organized by non-profit businesses. They start with a credit analysis session in order to help decide the amount of money you are able to pay creditors every month.
The non-profit organization can assist you in getting a cheaper rate of interest from creditors and lower or even waive late fee charges so you can comfortably pay off your monthly bills. You would send a single payment to the debt management agency. The agency systematically divides the payment among your lenders. A debt management program will not work if you can’t keep up with your monthly payments. All it takes is one missed payment and your creditors can remove you from the program. This eliminates any benefits you’ve been granted and you can end up in the same or worse position from where you started.  It is important to remember that making use of a Debt Management Plan will initially have a negative affect on your credit score. The goal is to pay off your debts in 2-5-years at a discount and end up debt free, ultimately improving your score.

 What is a Debt Settlement Program?
A Debt Settlement Program will negatively impact your credit score but not nearly as bad as filing for bankruptcy. It is a cost effective way to resolve your debts. Professional negotiators attempt to settle your debts with your creditors and then create a payback of 2 to 5 years. In order to enter a debt settlement program, your accounts must already be 3 to 4 months delinquent. 

 What is Bill Consolidation?
The process of eliminating debt by bundling all your bill payments and reimbursing them with a single loan is referred to as bill consolidation. With this method, you only make one payment each month, which is a good idea if you have six, or perhaps even ten individual payments to make for utilities, credit cards, phone service, etc.
If you combine all the bills into one amalgamated sum, the consolidated payment should have a reduced monthly payment and a lower interest rate. Any savings you have could best be used for starting a backup fund to help avoid any possibility of a future financial crunch.

 Consolidating Credit Card Debt On Your Own
If your credit score is good (700 or higher) then the ideal way you can consolidate your credit card loan is by applying for a zero-percent interest balance transfer credit card. The zero-percent interest is a preliminary rate that typically lasts for around 7 to 18 months. Every payment made in that period will go straight toward decreasing your balance.
When the preliminary rate concludes, interest rates rise to around 13 to 27 percent on the leftover balance. Be careful, because balance transfer cards usually demand a transfer fee (typically 3%), and some even charge a yearly fees.
Another means to consolidate your credit card balance on your own is by going "cold turkey. " Stop using credit cards and paying with cash or debit cards as an alternative. After you have fully paid off your debts, you can then pick one credit card and be extra careful with its use.

 How to Consolidate Your Bills?
Bills and debt consolidation require persistence, patience, and some form of management skills. You should begin by collecting all your dues from things such as utilities, credit cards, medical and cell phone services. Add the aggregate sum you owe on the unsecured loan and then decide how much you can really manage to pay for each month while still being able to pay your basics like food, transportation and rent.
When you have a number in front of you, choose whether a debt management plan, a personal loan or a debt settlement plan will give you the maximum chance to get rid of your debt. Realize that this procedure usually takes around 3 to 5 years, and there are no quick-fixes and no short-cuts.


 








 




Charlie

                      Debt Consolidation Expert                    








“We put this comparison together to get you on the road to financial freedom. After consolidating debt, many people report a reduced sense of stress. Our goal is to get you into a position where you can meet your financial obligations and get back on your feet. As you can see, we only selected companies with the best reputations, that are committed to confidentiality and don’t charge any upfront fees.  I would never try a product without one so why should you? If you need to contact us, get answers to some FAQs or access our technical support team, please send an email to [email protected]. Stay safe – it’s a jungle out there!”











Need To Get An Auto Loan?
12 to 84 Month Terms
Network of Over 350 Lenders
New & Used Car Purchases
When Banks Compete, You Win!

visit site



Need To Refinance A Student Loan?

Rates From 2.09% to 8.22%
5 to 20 Year Terms
Refinancing Up To $175,000
Student Lending Marketplace

VISIT SITE




Need A Small Business Loan?
Rates As Low As 7.5%
 Line of Credit Up to $500,000
75 Lenders Competing
15 Minute Application

visit site




Need To Mortgage The Home?
Rates Starting at 3.25%
Network of Over 350 Lenders
Helpful Credit Score Page
When Banks Compete, You Win!

visit site




























 




 
Home
Top 10 Reviews

Top 10 Antivirus
Top 10 Business Loans
Top 10 Debt Consolidation
Top 10 Personal Loans
Top 10 Pet Insurance
Top 10 VPN
Top 10 Web Hosting
Top 10 Website Builders


Topics

Alchemy
Aliens
Auto Racing
Babes
Celebrities
Crime
Entertainment
Fashion
John McAfee
Jungles
Luxury
Mafia
Marijuana
Military
Money
Politics
Power
Scams
Sexy Sidebar

If Tulips Could Kill
The World Isn’t Enough
Fire In The Sky


Space
Sports
Style
Tattoo
Tech
Trees
Witchcraft


Quizzes
Blog
Videos
Meet The Team
Newsletter
Disclosures

Advertising Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy


Contact Us



    Login  






      Newsletter    



 
 
 
 

 

 














Login


Username or email address *



Password *



 

 Remember me				


Lost your password?





 


































 







Top 10 Lending Reviews ~ Top 10 Jungle









































































 
 










Skip to content











Alchemy
Aliens
Auto Racing
Babes
Bald and Sexy
Beard Power
Bigfoot
Celebrities
Food
Fashion
Jungles
Luxury
Mafia
Metaphysical
Military
Money
Mythology
Organic
Power
Scams
Sexy Sidebar

The World Isn’t Enough
If Tulips Could Kill
Fire In The Sky


Space
Sports
Style
Tech
Trees
Witchcraft




















 


  




Home
Top 10 Reviews

Top 10 Antivirus
Top 10 Business Loans
Top 10 Debt Consolidation
Top 10 Personal Loans
Top 10 Pet Insurance
Top 10 VPN
Top 10 Web Hosting
Top 10 Website Builders


The Shop

The Shop at Top 10 Jungle
Planet – Organic
Immortality – Metaphysical
Pleasure – Coming Soon


Quizzes
Blog
Videos
Meet The Team
Disclosures

Advertising Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy







 















Cart



No products in the cart.

 






 













Top 10 Lending Reviews of 2017
Read Reviews – Compare Prices – Save Money



  


 











TOP 10 BEST
DEBT SETTLEMENT
Read Reviews – Compare – Save








The Importance of Top 10 Lending Reviews
If you feel you have too much debt and you can’t get it under control, Top 10 Lending Reviews may be the right answer for you. There are ways to get out of debt without filing bankruptcy and without paying sky high interest rates.
We have evaluated a mix of debt consolidation and debt settlement companies. They are very different strategies so you should carefully decide which option is best for you.
A debt consolidation loan would pay off your unsecured debts with a new loan and provide you with one low monthly payment.
A debt settlement program provides you with a professional negotiator that settles your debts and creates a custom tailored program that you can afford.










Disclosure: We receive advertising revenue from our partners. Hover here for details.





Disclosure: We receive advertising revenue from our partners. Click for details.
Many advertisers pay us a referral fee if you purchase products or complete lead forms after clicking links or calling phone numbers on our website. This enables us to continue promoting our comparison reviews without any fee from the consumer. We sometimes offer premium or additional placements on our website and in our marketing materials to our advertising partners. Partners may influence their position on our website, including the order in which they appear on a Top 10 list, based on conversion rates or commissions. For example, when company ranking is subjective (meaning two companies are very close) our advertising partners may be ranked higher. While we try to feature as many products on our site as possible, we recognize that our site does not feature every product available on the market.  At Top10Jungle.com, we are all about transparency. If you have any questions about this disclosure, please [email protected]









Top Pick!Score  10Debt SettlementOne Of The Country's Largest & Most Reputable Debt Settlement CompaniesNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers In All States Except CT GA KS ME NH SC OR VT WVNo Upfront Fees$7,500 Minimum Debt24 to 48 Month Debt Reduction ProgramRated A+ by Better Business Bureau100% ConfidentialFree Consultation (855) 982-0150
VISIT SITECall Today!
Score  9.50Debt Consolidation Compare & Shop Loans From Multiple Providers620 Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers In All 50 StatesNo Upfront Fees$1,000 to $100,000 Loan Amounts24 to 84 Month Loan TermsN/A100% ConfidentialSubmit Loan OnlineN/AVISIT SITEScore  9.00Debt Consolidation LoansCompare Multiple Personal Loans Offers In MinutesNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers Only In All StatesNo Upfront Fees$500 to $40,000 Loan Amounts24 to 84 Month Loan TermsN/A100% ConfidentialSubmit Loan OnlineN/AVISIT SITE
Score  8.75Debt SettlementDebt Negotiation Company Based in NYC. Also Serves As Financial Education ExpertNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers Only In AL, AK, AZ, AR, CA, DC, FL, IN, MA, MI, NE, NY, OH, TX, DC, VANo Upfront Fees$5,000 Minimum Debt24 to 48 Month Debt Reduction ProgramRated A+ by Better Business Bureau100% ConfidentialFree ConsultationN/AVISIT SITE
Score  8.00Debt Consolidation Provides a Network of Lenders That Can Fund Within A DayNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers In All 50 StatesNo Upfront Fees$500 to $35,000 Loan Amount6 to 72 Month Loan TermsN/A100% ConfidentialSubmit Loan OnlineN/AVISIT SITE





The Importance of Top 10 Settlement
If you feel you have too much debt and you can’t get it under control, Top 10 Debt Settlement may be the right answer for you. There are ways to get out of debt without filing bankruptcy and without paying sky high interest rates.
We have evaluated a mix of debt consolidation and debt settlement companies. They are very different strategies so you should carefully decide which option is best for you.
A debt consolidation loan would pay off your unsecured debts with a new loan and provide you with one low monthly payment.
A debt settlement program provides you with a professional negotiator that settles your debts and creates a custom tailored program that you can afford.










“National Debt Relief is the top rated debt relief company in the US and is accredited by the Better Business Bureau. They offer a 100% money back satisfaction guarantee. They have helped over 100,000 consumers get out of debt. They even provided us with a dedicated help line to show their commitment to quality customer service. They can be reached at (855)-982-0150.”












“Guide to Lenders makes lenders compete with your business. You can check your rates on their website and it won’t affect your credit score. You don’t need perfect credit and you can explore all your options at once rather than bouncing from lender to lender.”












“Even Financial is a unique online matching service that educates and helps consumers searching for personal loans. It systematically matches borrowers with lenders in order to keep the borrowers costs and the lenders defaults low.”












“Guardian Debt Relief has an excellent reputation although they have not yet reached accreditation status by the BBB. They are certified by the AFCC and the IADPA.  The company’s debt negotiation program is a positive alternative to bankruptcy.”












“PersonalLoans.com is a good choice if you are willing to work with some of the riskier and higher priced lenders. Many of these loans should be considered as temporary loans to get you back on your feet.”







What Is Debt Consolidation?
The process of combing various unsecured debts – credit cards, payday loans, personal loans, medical bills, etc. into a single bill is known as debt consolidation. So, rather than paying off 15 creditors individually each month, you combine all the bills into a single payment and only write a single check. This simplifies your life and helps avoid payment errors that can result in bounced check fess and late payment penalties.
The three most popular forms of  Debt Consolidation are:  Debt Consolidation Loans, Debt Management Plans & Debt Settlement Programs. None of these options will provide you with a quick fix, however, they are designed for your benefit as long-term debt reduction strategies. Debt consolidation should bring reduced interest rates and monthly payments and long term credit score improvement.

 Other Forms of Debt Consolidation 
There are a number of methods to consolidate debt. If your credit is strong and you have less than $2,500 of debt, it may make more sense to apply for a 0% interest credit card and apply balance transfers from your high interest credit cards. Another alternative is to consider a personal loan for paying off your balances. Your can also choose to use your home as collateral through a home equity line of credit or refinance your current mortgage. Borrowing against your retirement savings or life insurance policies is also an available option. These are generally less expensive options but carry greater risk because your collateral is at risk in the event of non-payment.

What is a Debt Consolidation Loan?
A Debt Consolidation Loan is new loan that allows you to payoff your existing loans and make a single payment to one creditor.  A Debt Consolidation Loan usually has a fixed rate of interest, lower than your current interest rate, and helps decrease your monthly payments. 

 What is a Debt Management Plan?
A lot of financial experts prefer a Debt Management Plan, and the majority of recommended Debt Management Plans are organized by non-profit businesses. They start with a credit analysis session in order to help decide the amount of money you are able to pay creditors every month.
The non-profit organization can assist you in getting a cheaper rate of interest from creditors and lower or even waive late fee charges so you can comfortably pay off your monthly bills. You would send a single payment to the debt management agency. The agency systematically divides the payment among your lenders. A debt management program will not work if you can’t keep up with your monthly payments. All it takes is one missed payment and your creditors can remove you from the program. This eliminates any benefits you’ve been granted and you can end up in the same or worse position from where you started.  It is important to remember that making use of a Debt Management Plan will initially have a negative affect on your credit score. The goal is to pay off your debts in 2-5-years at a discount and end up debt free, ultimately improving your score.

 What is a Debt Settlement Program?
A Debt Settlement Program will negatively impact your credit score but not nearly as bad as filing for bankruptcy. It is a cost effective way to resolve your debts. Professional negotiators attempt to settle your debts with your creditors and then create a payback of 2 to 5 years. In order to enter a debt settlement program, your accounts must already be 3 to 4 months delinquent. 

 What is Bill Consolidation?
The process of eliminating debt by bundling all your bill payments and reimbursing them with a single loan is referred to as bill consolidation. With this method, you only make one payment each month, which is a good idea if you have six, or perhaps even ten individual payments to make for utilities, credit cards, phone service, etc.
If you combine all the bills into one amalgamated sum, the consolidated payment should have a reduced monthly payment and a lower interest rate. Any savings you have could best be used for starting a backup fund to help avoid any possibility of a future financial crunch.

 Consolidating Credit Card Debt On Your Own
If your credit score is good (700 or higher) then the ideal way you can consolidate your credit card loan is by applying for a zero-percent interest balance transfer credit card. The zero-percent interest is a preliminary rate that typically lasts for around 7 to 18 months. Every payment made in that period will go straight toward decreasing your balance.
When the preliminary rate concludes, interest rates rise to around 13 to 27 percent on the leftover balance. Be careful, because balance transfer cards usually demand a transfer fee (typically 3%), and some even charge a yearly fees.
Another means to consolidate your credit card balance on your own is by going "cold turkey. " Stop using credit cards and paying with cash or debit cards as an alternative. After you have fully paid off your debts, you can then pick one credit card and be extra careful with its use.

 How to Consolidate Your Bills?
Bills and debt consolidation require persistence, patience, and some form of management skills. You should begin by collecting all your dues from things such as utilities, credit cards, medical and cell phone services. Add the aggregate sum you owe on the unsecured loan and then decide how much you can really manage to pay for each month while still being able to pay your basics like food, transportation and rent.
When you have a number in front of you, choose whether a debt management plan, a personal loan or a debt settlement plan will give you the maximum chance to get rid of your debt. Realize that this procedure usually takes around 3 to 5 years, and there are no quick-fixes and no short-cuts.


 








 




Charlie

                      Debt Consolidation Expert                    








“We put this comparison together to get you on the road to financial freedom. After consolidating debt, many people report a reduced sense of stress. Our goal is to get you into a position where you can meet your financial obligations and get back on your feet. As you can see, we only selected companies with the best reputations, that are committed to confidentiality and don’t charge any upfront fees.  I would never try a product without one so why should you? If you need to contact us, get answers to some FAQs or access our technical support team, please send an email to [email protected]. Stay safe – it’s a jungle out there!”











Need To Get An Auto Loan?
12 to 84 Month Terms
Network of Over 350 Lenders
New & Used Car Purchases
When Banks Compete, You Win!

visit site



Need To Refinance A Student Loan?

Rates From 2.09% to 8.22%
5 to 20 Year Terms
Refinancing Up To $175,000
Student Lending Marketplace

VISIT SITE




Need A Small Business Loan?
Rates As Low As 7.5%
 Line of Credit Up to $500,000
75 Lenders Competing
15 Minute Application

visit site




Need To Mortgage The Home?
Rates Starting at 3.25%
Network of Over 350 Lenders
Helpful Credit Score Page
When Banks Compete, You Win!

visit site




























 




 
Home
Top 10 Reviews

Top 10 Antivirus
Top 10 Business Loans
Top 10 Debt Consolidation
Top 10 Personal Loans
Top 10 Pet Insurance
Top 10 VPN
Top 10 Web Hosting
Top 10 Website Builders


Topics

Alchemy
Aliens
Auto Racing
Babes
Celebrities
Crime
Entertainment
Fashion
John McAfee
Jungles
Luxury
Mafia
Marijuana
Military
Money
Politics
Power
Scams
Sexy Sidebar

If Tulips Could Kill
The World Isn’t Enough
Fire In The Sky


Space
Sports
Style
Tattoo
Tech
Trees
Witchcraft


Quizzes
Blog
Videos
Meet The Team
Newsletter
Disclosures

Advertising Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy


Contact Us



    Login  






      Newsletter    



 
 
 
 

 

 














Login


Username or email address *



Password *



 

 Remember me				


Lost your password?





 


































 







Top 10 Debt Relief ~ Top 10 Jungle









































































 
 










Skip to content











Alchemy
Aliens
Auto Racing
Babes
Bald and Sexy
Beard Power
Bigfoot
Celebrities
Food
Fashion
Jungles
Luxury
Mafia
Metaphysical
Military
Money
Mythology
Organic
Power
Scams
Sexy Sidebar

The World Isn’t Enough
If Tulips Could Kill
Fire In The Sky


Space
Sports
Style
Tech
Trees
Witchcraft




















 


  




Home
Top 10 Reviews

Top 10 Antivirus
Top 10 Business Loans
Top 10 Debt Consolidation
Top 10 Personal Loans
Top 10 Pet Insurance
Top 10 VPN
Top 10 Web Hosting
Top 10 Website Builders


The Shop

The Shop at Top 10 Jungle
Planet – Organic
Immortality – Metaphysical
Pleasure – Coming Soon


Quizzes
Blog
Videos
Meet The Team
Disclosures

Advertising Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy







 















Cart



No products in the cart.

 






 













Top 10 Debt Relief of 2017
Read Reviews – Compare Prices – Save Money



  


 











TOP 10 BEST
DEBT RELIEF
Read Reviews – Compare – Save








The Importance of Top 10 Debt Relief
If you feel you have too much debt and you can’t get it under control, Top 10 Debt Relief may be the right answer for you. There are ways to get out of debt without filing bankruptcy and without paying sky high interest rates.
We have evaluated a mix of debt consolidation and debt settlement companies. They are very different strategies so you should carefully decide which option is best for you.
A debt consolidation loan would pay off your unsecured debts with a new loan and provide you with one low monthly payment.
A debt settlement program provides you with a professional negotiator that settles your debts and creates a custom tailored program that you can afford.










Disclosure: We receive advertising revenue from our partners. Hover here for details.





Disclosure: We receive advertising revenue from our partners. Click for details.
Many advertisers pay us a referral fee if you purchase products or complete lead forms after clicking links or calling phone numbers on our website. This enables us to continue promoting our comparison reviews without any fee from the consumer. We sometimes offer premium or additional placements on our website and in our marketing materials to our advertising partners. Partners may influence their position on our website, including the order in which they appear on a Top 10 list, based on conversion rates or commissions. For example, when company ranking is subjective (meaning two companies are very close) our advertising partners may be ranked higher. While we try to feature as many products on our site as possible, we recognize that our site does not feature every product available on the market.  At Top10Jungle.com, we are all about transparency. If you have any questions about this disclosure, please [email protected]









Top Pick!Score  10Debt SettlementOne Of The Country's Largest & Most Reputable Debt Settlement CompaniesNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers In All States Except CT GA KS ME NH SC OR VT WVNo Upfront Fees$7,500 Minimum Debt24 to 48 Month Debt Reduction ProgramRated A+ by Better Business Bureau100% ConfidentialFree Consultation (855) 982-0150
VISIT SITECall Today!
Score  9.50Debt Consolidation Compare & Shop Loans From Multiple Providers620 Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers In All 50 StatesNo Upfront Fees$1,000 to $100,000 Loan Amounts24 to 84 Month Loan TermsN/A100% ConfidentialSubmit Loan OnlineN/AVISIT SITEScore  9.00Debt Consolidation LoansCompare Multiple Personal Loans Offers In MinutesNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers Only In All StatesNo Upfront Fees$500 to $40,000 Loan Amounts24 to 84 Month Loan TermsN/A100% ConfidentialSubmit Loan OnlineN/AVISIT SITE
Score  8.75Debt SettlementDebt Negotiation Company Based in NYC. Also Serves As Financial Education ExpertNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers Only In AL, AK, AZ, AR, CA, DC, FL, IN, MA, MI, NE, NY, OH, TX, DC, VANo Upfront Fees$5,000 Minimum Debt24 to 48 Month Debt Reduction ProgramRated A+ by Better Business Bureau100% ConfidentialFree ConsultationN/AVISIT SITE
Score  8.00Debt Consolidation Provides a Network of Lenders That Can Fund Within A DayNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers In All 50 StatesNo Upfront Fees$500 to $35,000 Loan Amount6 to 72 Month Loan TermsN/A100% ConfidentialSubmit Loan OnlineN/AVISIT SITE





The Importance of Top 10 Debt Relief
If you feel you have too much debt and you can’t get it under control, Top 10 Debt Relief may be the right answer for you. There are ways to get out of debt without filing bankruptcy and without paying sky high interest rates.
We have evaluated a mix of debt consolidation and debt settlement companies. They are very different strategies so you should carefully decide which option is best for you.
A debt consolidation loan would pay off your unsecured debts with a new loan and provide you with one low monthly payment.
A debt settlement program provides you with a professional negotiator that settles your debts and creates a custom tailored program that you can afford.










“National Debt Relief is the top rated debt relief company in the US and is accredited by the Better Business Bureau. They offer a 100% money back satisfaction guarantee. They have helped over 100,000 consumers get out of debt. They even provided us with a dedicated help line to show their commitment to quality customer service. They can be reached at (855)-982-0150.”












“Guide to Lenders makes lenders compete with your business. You can check your rates on their website and it won’t affect your credit score. You don’t need perfect credit and you can explore all your options at once rather than bouncing from lender to lender.”












“Even Financial is a unique online matching service that educates and helps consumers searching for personal loans. It systematically matches borrowers with lenders in order to keep the borrowers costs and the lenders defaults low.”












“Guardian Debt Relief has an excellent reputation although they have not yet reached accreditation status by the BBB. They are certified by the AFCC and the IADPA.  The company’s debt negotiation program is a positive alternative to bankruptcy.”












“PersonalLoans.com is a good choice if you are willing to work with some of the riskier and higher priced lenders. Many of these loans should be considered as temporary loans to get you back on your feet.”







What Is Debt Consolidation?
The process of combing various unsecured debts – credit cards, payday loans, personal loans, medical bills, etc. into a single bill is known as debt consolidation. So, rather than paying off 15 creditors individually each month, you combine all the bills into a single payment and only write a single check. This simplifies your life and helps avoid payment errors that can result in bounced check fess and late payment penalties.
The three most popular forms of  Debt Consolidation are:  Debt Consolidation Loans, Debt Management Plans & Debt Settlement Programs. None of these options will provide you with a quick fix, however, they are designed for your benefit as long-term debt reduction strategies. Debt consolidation should bring reduced interest rates and monthly payments and long term credit score improvement.

 Other Forms of Debt Consolidation 
There are a number of methods to consolidate debt. If your credit is strong and you have less than $2,500 of debt, it may make more sense to apply for a 0% interest credit card and apply balance transfers from your high interest credit cards. Another alternative is to consider a personal loan for paying off your balances. Your can also choose to use your home as collateral through a home equity line of credit or refinance your current mortgage. Borrowing against your retirement savings or life insurance policies is also an available option. These are generally less expensive options but carry greater risk because your collateral is at risk in the event of non-payment.

What is a Debt Consolidation Loan?
A Debt Consolidation Loan is new loan that allows you to payoff your existing loans and make a single payment to one creditor.  A Debt Consolidation Loan usually has a fixed rate of interest, lower than your current interest rate, and helps decrease your monthly payments. 

 What is a Debt Management Plan?
A lot of financial experts prefer a Debt Management Plan, and the majority of recommended Debt Management Plans are organized by non-profit businesses. They start with a credit analysis session in order to help decide the amount of money you are able to pay creditors every month.
The non-profit organization can assist you in getting a cheaper rate of interest from creditors and lower or even waive late fee charges so you can comfortably pay off your monthly bills. You would send a single payment to the debt management agency. The agency systematically divides the payment among your lenders. A debt management program will not work if you can’t keep up with your monthly payments. All it takes is one missed payment and your creditors can remove you from the program. This eliminates any benefits you’ve been granted and you can end up in the same or worse position from where you started.  It is important to remember that making use of a Debt Management Plan will initially have a negative affect on your credit score. The goal is to pay off your debts in 2-5-years at a discount and end up debt free, ultimately improving your score.

 What is a Debt Settlement Program?
A Debt Settlement Program will negatively impact your credit score but not nearly as bad as filing for bankruptcy. It is a cost effective way to resolve your debts. Professional negotiators attempt to settle your debts with your creditors and then create a payback of 2 to 5 years. In order to enter a debt settlement program, your accounts must already be 3 to 4 months delinquent. 

 What is Bill Consolidation?
The process of eliminating debt by bundling all your bill payments and reimbursing them with a single loan is referred to as bill consolidation. With this method, you only make one payment each month, which is a good idea if you have six, or perhaps even ten individual payments to make for utilities, credit cards, phone service, etc.
If you combine all the bills into one amalgamated sum, the consolidated payment should have a reduced monthly payment and a lower interest rate. Any savings you have could best be used for starting a backup fund to help avoid any possibility of a future financial crunch.

 Consolidating Credit Card Debt On Your Own
If your credit score is good (700 or higher) then the ideal way you can consolidate your credit card loan is by applying for a zero-percent interest balance transfer credit card. The zero-percent interest is a preliminary rate that typically lasts for around 7 to 18 months. Every payment made in that period will go straight toward decreasing your balance.
When the preliminary rate concludes, interest rates rise to around 13 to 27 percent on the leftover balance. Be careful, because balance transfer cards usually demand a transfer fee (typically 3%), and some even charge a yearly fees.
Another means to consolidate your credit card balance on your own is by going "cold turkey. " Stop using credit cards and paying with cash or debit cards as an alternative. After you have fully paid off your debts, you can then pick one credit card and be extra careful with its use.

 How to Consolidate Your Bills?
Bills and debt consolidation require persistence, patience, and some form of management skills. You should begin by collecting all your dues from things such as utilities, credit cards, medical and cell phone services. Add the aggregate sum you owe on the unsecured loan and then decide how much you can really manage to pay for each month while still being able to pay your basics like food, transportation and rent.
When you have a number in front of you, choose whether a debt management plan, a personal loan or a debt settlement plan will give you the maximum chance to get rid of your debt. Realize that this procedure usually takes around 3 to 5 years, and there are no quick-fixes and no short-cuts.


 








 




Charlie

                      Debt Consolidation Expert                    








“We put this comparison together to get you on the road to financial freedom. After consolidating debt, many people report a reduced sense of stress. Our goal is to get you into a position where you can meet your financial obligations and get back on your feet. As you can see, we only selected companies with the best reputations, that are committed to confidentiality and don’t charge any upfront fees.  I would never try a product without one so why should you? If you need to contact us, get answers to some FAQs or access our technical support team, please send an email to [email protected]. Stay safe – it’s a jungle out there!”











Need To Get An Auto Loan?
12 to 84 Month Terms
Network of Over 350 Lenders
New & Used Car Purchases
When Banks Compete, You Win!

visit site



Need To Refinance A Student Loan?

Rates From 2.09% to 8.22%
5 to 20 Year Terms
Refinancing Up To $175,000
Student Lending Marketplace

VISIT SITE




Need A Small Business Loan?
Rates As Low As 7.5%
 Line of Credit Up to $500,000
75 Lenders Competing
15 Minute Application

visit site




Need To Mortgage The Home?
Rates Starting at 3.25%
Network of Over 350 Lenders
Helpful Credit Score Page
When Banks Compete, You Win!

visit site

























 




 
Home
Top 10 Reviews

Top 10 Antivirus
Top 10 Business Loans
Top 10 Debt Consolidation
Top 10 Personal Loans
Top 10 Pet Insurance
Top 10 VPN
Top 10 Web Hosting
Top 10 Website Builders


Topics

Alchemy
Aliens
Auto Racing
Babes
Celebrities
Crime
Entertainment
Fashion
John McAfee
Jungles
Luxury
Mafia
Marijuana
Military
Money
Politics
Power
Scams
Sexy Sidebar

If Tulips Could Kill
The World Isn’t Enough
Fire In The Sky


Space
Sports
Style
Tattoo
Tech
Trees
Witchcraft


Quizzes
Blog
Videos
Meet The Team
Newsletter
Disclosures

Advertising Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy


Contact Us



    Login  






      Newsletter    



 
 
 
 

 

 














Login


Username or email address *



Password *



 

 Remember me				


Lost your password?





 


































 







Top 10 Debt Consolidation ~ Top 10 Jungle









































































 
 










Skip to content











Alchemy
Aliens
Auto Racing
Babes
Bald and Sexy
Beard Power
Bigfoot
Celebrities
Food
Fashion
Jungles
Luxury
Mafia
Metaphysical
Military
Money
Mythology
Organic
Power
Scams
Sexy Sidebar

The World Isn’t Enough
If Tulips Could Kill
Fire In The Sky


Space
Sports
Style
Tech
Trees
Witchcraft




















 


  




Home
Top 10 Reviews

Top 10 Antivirus
Top 10 Business Loans
Top 10 Debt Consolidation
Top 10 Personal Loans
Top 10 Pet Insurance
Top 10 VPN
Top 10 Web Hosting
Top 10 Website Builders


The Shop

The Shop at Top 10 Jungle
Planet – Organic
Immortality – Metaphysical
Pleasure – Coming Soon


Quizzes
Blog
Videos
Meet The Team
Disclosures

Advertising Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy







 















Cart



No products in the cart.

 






 













Top 10 Debt Consolidation of 2017
Read Reviews – Compare Prices – Save Money



  


 











TOP 10 BEST
DEBT CONSOLIDATION
Read Reviews – Compare – Save








The Importance of Top 10 Debt Consolidation
If you feel you have too much debt and you can’t get it under control, Top 10 Debt Consolidation may be the right answer for you. There are ways to get out of debt without filing bankruptcy and without paying sky high interest rates.
We have evaluated a mix of debt consolidation and debt settlement companies. They are very different strategies so you should carefully decide which option is best for you.
A debt consolidation loan would pay off your unsecured debts with a new loan and provide you with one low monthly payment.
A debt settlement program provides you with a professional negotiator that settles your debts and creates a custom tailored program that you can afford.










Disclosure: We receive advertising revenue from our partners. Hover here for details.





Disclosure: We receive advertising revenue from our partners. Click for details.
Many advertisers pay us a referral fee if you purchase products or complete lead forms after clicking links or calling phone numbers on our website. This enables us to continue promoting our comparison reviews without any fee from the consumer. We sometimes offer premium or additional placements on our website and in our marketing materials to our advertising partners. Partners may influence their position on our website, including the order in which they appear on a Top 10 list, based on conversion rates or commissions. For example, when company ranking is subjective (meaning two companies are very close) our advertising partners may be ranked higher. While we try to feature as many products on our site as possible, we recognize that our site does not feature every product available on the market.  At Top10Jungle.com, we are all about transparency. If you have any questions about this disclosure, please [email protected]








Top Pick!Score  10Debt SettlementOne Of The Country's Largest & Most Reputable Debt Settlement CompaniesNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers In All States Except CT GA KS ME NH SC OR VT WVNo Upfront Fees$7,500 Minimum Debt24 to 48 Month Debt Reduction ProgramRated A+ by Better Business Bureau100% ConfidentialFree Consultation (855) 982-0150
VISIT SITECall Today!
Score  9.50Debt Consolidation Compare & Shop Loans From Multiple Providers620 Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers In All 50 StatesNo Upfront Fees$1,000 to $100,000 Loan Amounts24 to 84 Month Loan TermsN/A100% ConfidentialSubmit Loan OnlineN/AVISIT SITEScore  9.00Debt Consolidation LoansCompare Multiple Personal Loans Offers In MinutesNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers Only In All StatesNo Upfront Fees$500 to $40,000 Loan Amounts24 to 84 Month Loan TermsN/A100% ConfidentialSubmit Loan OnlineN/AVISIT SITE
Score  8.75Debt SettlementDebt Negotiation Company Based in NYC. Also Serves As Financial Education ExpertNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers Only In AL, AK, AZ, AR, CA, DC, FL, IN, MA, MI, NE, NY, OH, TX, DC, VANo Upfront Fees$5,000 Minimum Debt24 to 48 Month Debt Reduction ProgramRated A+ by Better Business Bureau100% ConfidentialFree ConsultationN/AVISIT SITE
Score  8.00Debt Consolidation Provides a Network of Lenders That Can Fund Within A DayNo Minimum Credit ScoreAccepts Customers In All 50 StatesNo Upfront Fees$500 to $35,000 Loan Amount6 to 72 Month Loan TermsN/A100% ConfidentialSubmit Loan OnlineN/AVISIT SITE





The Importance of Top 10 Debt Consolidation
If you feel you have too much debt and you can’t get it under control, Top 10 Debt Consolidation may be the right answer for you. There are ways to get out of debt without filing bankruptcy and without paying sky high interest rates.
We have evaluated a mix of debt consolidation and debt settlement companies. They are very different strategies so you should carefully decide which option is best for you.
A debt consolidation loan would pay off your unsecured debts with a new loan and provide you with one low monthly payment.
A debt settlement program provides you with a professional negotiator that settles your debts and creates a custom tailored program that you can afford.










“National Debt Relief is the top rated debt relief company in the US and is accredited by the Better Business Bureau. They offer a 100% money back satisfaction guarantee. They have helped over 100,000 consumers get out of debt. They even provided us with a dedicated help line to show their commitment to quality customer service. They can be reached at (855)-982-0150.”












“Guide to Lenders makes lenders compete with your business. You can check your rates on their website and it won’t affect your credit score. You don’t need perfect credit and you can explore all your options at once rather than bouncing from lender to lender.”












“Even Financial is a unique online matching service that educates and helps consumers searching for personal loans. It systematically matches borrowers with lenders in order to keep the borrowers costs and the lenders defaults low.”












“Guardian Debt Relief has an excellent reputation although they have not yet reached accreditation status by the BBB. They are certified by the AFCC and the IADPA.  The company’s debt negotiation program is a positive alternative to bankruptcy.”












“PersonalLoans.com is a good choice if you are willing to work with some of the riskier and higher priced lenders. Many of these loans should be considered as temporary loans to get you back on your feet.”







What is Debt Consolidation?
The process of combing various unsecured debts – credit cards, payday loans, personal loans, medical bills, etc. into a single bill is known as debt consolidation. So, rather than paying off 15 creditors individually each month, you combine all the bills into a single payment and only write a single check. This simplifies your life and helps avoid payment errors that can result in bounced check fess and late payment penalties.
The three most popular forms of  Debt Consolidation are:  Debt Consolidation Loans, Debt Management Plans & Debt Settlement Programs. None of these options will provide you with a quick fix, however, they are designed for your benefit as long-term debt reduction strategies. Debt consolidation should bring reduced interest rates and monthly payments and long term credit score improvement.

Other Forms of Debt Consolidation
The process of combing various unsecured debts – credit cards, payday loans, personal loans, medical bills, etc. into a single bill is known as debt consolidation. So, rather than paying off 15 creditors individually each month, you combine all the bills into a single payment and only write a single check. This simplifies your life and helps avoid payment errors that can result in bounced check fess and late payment penalties.
The three most popular forms of  Debt Consolidation are:  Debt Consolidation Loans, Debt Management Plans & Debt Settlement Programs. None of these options will provide you with a quick fix, however, they are designed for your benefit as long-term debt reduction strategies. Debt consolidation should bring reduced interest rates and monthly payments and long term credit score improvement.

What is a Debt Consolidation Loan?
A Debt Consolidation Loan is new loan that allows you to payoff your existing loans and make a single payment to one creditor.  A Debt Consolidation Loan usually has a fixed rate of interest, lower than your current interest rate, and helps decrease your monthly payments. 

What is a Debt Management Plan?
A lot of financial experts prefer a Debt Management Plan, and the majority of recommended Debt Management Plans are organized by non-profit businesses. They start with a credit analysis session in order to help decide the amount of money you are able to pay creditors every month.
The non-profit organization can assist you in getting a cheaper rate of interest from creditors and lower or even waive late fee charges so you can comfortably pay off your monthly bills. You would send a single payment to the debt management agency. The agency systematically divides the payment among your lenders. A debt management program will not work if you can’t keep up with your monthly payments. All it takes is one missed payment and your creditors can remove you from the program. This eliminates any benefits you’ve been granted and you can end up in the same or worse position from where you started.  It is important to remember that making use of a Debt Management Plan will initially have a negative affect on your credit score. The goal is to pay off your debts in 2-5-years at a discount and end up debt free, ultimately improving your score.

What is a Debt Settlement Program?
A Debt Settlement Program will negatively impact your credit score but not nearly as bad as filing for bankruptcy. It is a cost effective way to resolve your debts. Professional negotiators attempt to settle your debts with your creditors and then create a payback of 2 to 5 years. In order to enter a debt settlement program, your accounts must already be 3 to 4 months delinquent. 

What is Bill Consolidation
The process of eliminating debt by bundling all your bill payments and reimbursing them with a single loan is referred to as bill consolidation. With this method, you only make one payment each month, which is a good idea if you have six, or perhaps even ten individual payments to make for utilities, credit cards, phone service, etc.
If you combine all the bills into one amalgamated sum, the consolidated payment should have a reduced monthly payment and a lower interest rate. Any savings you have could best be used for starting a backup fund to help avoid any possibility of a future financial crunch.

Consolidating Credit Card Debt On Your Own
If your credit score is good (700 or higher) then the ideal way you can consolidate your credit card loan is by applying for a zero-percent interest balance transfer credit card. The zero-percent interest is a preliminary rate that typically lasts for around 7 to 18 months. Every payment made in that period will go straight toward decreasing your balance.
When the preliminary rate concludes, interest rates rise to around 13 to 27 percent on the leftover balance. Be careful, because balance transfer cards usually demand a transfer fee (typically 3%), and some even charge a yearly fees.
Another means to consolidate your credit card balance on your own is by going “cold turkey. ” Stop using credit cards and paying with cash or debit cards as an alternative. After you have fully paid off your debts, you can then pick one credit card and be extra careful with its use.

How to Consolidate Your Bills
Bills and debt consolidation require persistence, patience, and some form of management skills. You should begin by collecting all your dues from things such as utilities, credit cards, medical and cell phone services. Add the aggregate sum you owe on the unsecured loan and then decide how much you can really manage to pay for each month while still being able to pay your basics like food, transportation and rent.
When you have a number in front of you, choose whether a debt management plan, a personal loan or a debt settlement plan will give you the maximum chance to get rid of your debt. Realize that this procedure usually takes around 3 to 5 years, and there are no quick-fixes and no short-cuts.










 




Charlie

                      Debt Consolidation Expert                    








“We put this comparison together to get you on the road to financial freedom. After consolidating debt, many people report a reduced sense of stress. Our goal is to get you into a position where you can meet your financial obligations and get back on your feet. As you can see, we only selected companies with the best reputations, that are committed to confidentiality and don’t charge any upfront fees.  I would never try a product without one so why should you? If you need to contact us, get answers to some FAQs or access our technical support team, please send an email to [email protected]. Stay safe – it’s a jungle out there!”











Need To Get An Auto Loan?
12 to 84 Month Terms
Network of Over 350 Lenders
New & Used Car Purchases
When Banks Compete, You Win!

visit site



Need To Refinance A Student Loan?

Rates From 2.09% to 8.22%
5 to 20 Year Terms
Refinancing Up To $175,000
Student Lending Marketplace

VISIT SITE




Need A Small Business Loan?
Rates As Low As 7.5%
 Line of Credit Up to $500,000
75 Lenders Competing
15 Minute Application

visit site




Need To Mortgage The Home?
Rates Starting at 3.25%
Network of Over 350 Lenders
Helpful Credit Score Page
When Banks Compete, You Win!

visit site



























 




 
Home
Top 10 Reviews

Top 10 Antivirus
Top 10 Business Loans
Top 10 Debt Consolidation
Top 10 Personal Loans
Top 10 Pet Insurance
Top 10 VPN
Top 10 Web Hosting
Top 10 Website Builders


Topics

Alchemy
Aliens
Auto Racing
Babes
Celebrities
Crime
Entertainment
Fashion
John McAfee
Jungles
Luxury
Mafia
Marijuana
Military
Money
Politics
Power
Scams
Sexy Sidebar

If Tulips Could Kill
The World Isn’t Enough
Fire In The Sky


Space
Sports
Style
Tattoo
Tech
Trees
Witchcraft


Quizzes
Blog
Videos
Meet The Team
Newsletter
Disclosures

Advertising Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy


Contact Us



    Login  






      Newsletter    



 
 
 
 

 

 














Login


Username or email address *



Password *



 

 Remember me				


Lost your password?





 


































